The Trump International Hotel and Tower in Manhattan, near the southwest corner of Central Park, is a 44-story building with a mix of luxury condominiums and hotel suites that go for more than $2,500 a night.Unit 32G, a two-bedroom, 1,767-square-foot apartment with sweeping views of the park, is owned by an entity called Ecree, which bought the condo in 2014 for $7 million in cash.Documents unearthed by the nonprofit group Global Witness show that the purchase was funded by the daughter of the Republic of Congo’s president, a longtime target of anti-corruption investigators. The funds for the all-cash purchase appear to have been siphoned from that country’s government, according to a report by Global Witness.The purchase took place more than two years before Donald J. Trump became president. Owners of units in the building — 1 Central Park West — pay tens of thousands of dollars a year in condo fees to Mr. Trump’s company, the Trump Organization.A spokeswoman for the Trump Organization, Kimberly Benza, said that Unit 32G had not recently been owned by the Trump Organization and that whoever bought it in 2014 purchased it from an unrelated party. She said the condo fees were for building-maintenance purposes “and are not fees paid to Trump for profit.”There is no indication that Mr. Trump or his company broke the law. Less than two years after the condo sale, federal regulators started requiring greater disclosures of purchases of certain high-end New York properties.Mr. Trump’s properties, which he and his family continue to operate, have a long history of serving as home to people with checkered pasts. David Bogatin, a Russian mobster, and Jean-Claude Duvalier, the Haitian dictator known as Baby Doc, both owned units in Trump Tower, the president’s flagship property on Manhattan’s Fifth Avenue. Felix Sater, a felon and former business associate of Mr. Trump’s, formerly had his office in that tower.Denis Sassou-Nguesso, the president of the Republic of Congo, is one of the world’s longest-sitting heads of state, having been in office for the past 22 years. For roughly a decade, he and his family have been the subject of corruption investigations in France. Authorities there have identified more than 60 million euros of luxury goods and real estate that the Sassou-Nguesso family owns in France. The country was a French colony until 1960.The Global Witness report alleges that a Cyprus company belonging to the president’s daughter, Claudia Sassou-Nguesso, bankrolled the purchase of the Trump apartment in July 2014. (The Portuguese newspaper Expresso has previously reported on aspects of the purchase and its connection to the daughter of the president of the Republic of Congo.)A spokesman for President Sassou-Nguesso and a representative at the Republic of Congo’s embassy in Washington did not respond to requests for comment.Global Witness — which is funded in part by the billionaire George Soros’s foundation — followed a money trail that began with a Brazilian company receiving a series of lucrative public contracts from the Republic of Congo’s government. Money from one of those contracts wound up in the bank account of a company in Cyprus, according to the report. Ownership of the company was transferred to Ms. Sassou-Nguesso in July 2013.In January 2014, the Cyprus company received nearly $20 million, apparently in Republic of Congo taxpayer funds, through a contract with the country’s government, according to a Portuguese police report reviewed by Global Witness. Six months later, the Cyprus company paid for Unit 32G in the Trump building on Columbus Circle.A 2006 real estate listing for the corner apartment shows floor-to-ceiling windows with northern and western views, a bathroom with pink marble walls and golden fixtures and “capacious closets.” The building is outfitted with a spa, swimming pool and 24-hour food service.ImageClaudia Sassou-Nguesso, the daughter of the president of the Republic of Congo, in 2012.CreditGuy Gervais Kitina/Agence France-Presse — Getty ImagesLetters cited by Global Witness and reviewed by The New York Times show that a Portuguese businessman, José Veiga, wrote reference letters on behalf of the president’s granddaughter to the condo association ahead of the sale. He called her “one of my best friends” and said she would be a “valued addition” to the Trump property.It is unclear what sort of background check, if any, the Trump Organization did on the purchase financed by Ms. Sassou-Nguesso.A lawyer for Mr. Veiga, who Portuguese authorities have arrested on suspicion of money laundering, declined to comment.According to New York real estate records, the entity used to make the purchase, Ecree, used a Manhattan address at the law firm K&L Gates.Unlike banks and other financial institutions, United States real estate developers have typically not been subject to rules that require they vet the backgrounds or sources of money of prospective buyers, including looking out for potential money laundering.In 2016, in the wake of a series of Times articles on the suspicious funds behind luxury real estate purchases around the country, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, part of the Treasury Department, started requiring title companies to report all-cash purchases of some expensive residential properties in Manhattan and Miami.Global Witness called on the Trump Organization to clarify whether it was continuing to receive maintenance fees on Unit 32G, “as there is a risk that these companies may be currently enabling money laundering of public funds embezzled by the Congolese president’s daughter and benefitting from those illicit funds.”Peter Jones, one of the authors of the report, called on the Justice Department to join French law enforcement and consider seizing the apartment because it appeared to have been purchased with embezzled money.When Adrian Ward and his fiancée, Maren McLaughlin-Klotz, started house-hunting in Austin, Tex., they decided to overhaul how they talked about, and handled, money.They shared their credit histories. They read and discussed the book “1,001 Questions to Ask Before You Get Married.” They began weekly budget chats and established a joint wedding fund. They even started meeting with Dr. Ward’s adviser to review their retirement accounts and made plans to return every year.Dr. Ward, 32 and a marketing professor, had recently collaborated on research that showed what could happen when one partner in a couple is “pegged as the money person,” as he was. He was shocked to realize that his own research showed he and Ms. McLaughlin-Klotz, 31, were going about it all wrong.Ms. McLaughlin-Klotz shared his concerns. “I know a lot of marriages have problems because of finances, and I would not want to set us up for failure,” she said.The findings showed that what can begin as a practical solution — to have one person handle everything — can come at a cost to the uninvolved partner’s skills. The cost is especially steep when couples figure in the need for retirement planning, or even when one partner finds themselves alone, after a death or divorce.The research, by Dr. Ward, of the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin, and John G. Lynch, of the Leeds School of Business at the University of Colorado in Boulder, have found that people who took on more of the financial tasks acquired greater knowledge over time than their uninvolved partner, as measured by a 13-question financial literacy quiz.“If you’re paying attention, you get better over time,” Dr. Lynch said.One part of the research included a study of 86 participants, in which the researchers first assessed each person’s individual aptitude for financial and health care topics, then assigned partners and asked participants to read and remember as much information as they could during a five-minute period spent on the topics of finance (stocks, vehicle financing, life insurance and credit cards) and health care (heart health, the endocrine system, cancer and mental illness), according to the study.After giving participants a three-minute break, the researchers measured each partner’s ability to remember details they had learned from their reading by completing as many partial statements as possible in five minutes. The results showed a tendency for partners to divide tasks according to who they believed had greater skills, and even those who started out with less knowledge acquired more when assigned the role of the “money person.”“They’re totally missing that really they started in the same place, but by accepting these roles, you’re determining who has financial literacy,” Dr. Ward said.A study sponsored by Fidelity Investments conducted in April tracked partners’ confidence in handling financial tasks when they were more involved and less involved — finding that couples who worked together had greater confidence about their financial future.The company surveyed 1,662 couples across the country, with an average age of 52, who were either married or in a long-term committed relationship and living together. The respondents had either an annual household income of $75,000 or a minimum of $100,000 in assets to invest. When they were asked about their ability to assume full responsibility for their retirement finances and strategy, almost all — 93 percent of those who said they had primary responsibility and 87 percent with joint responsibility, said they felt confident in doing so.By contrast, only 52 percent of the less involved partners expressed confidence in taking over the financial role. Notably, those who were not participating showed more unease when asked about “not being prepared financially if my significant other passes away first,” with 41 percent of the less involved respondents saying they were concerned, versus only 10 percent of those who said they had primary financial responsibility and 18 percent who said they handled tasks jointly.Even a well-intentioned spouse can leave a partner feeling uncertain about her ability to make good choices alone — but worried and fearful at worst, especially if one is left in potential financial jeopardy.Kathleen M. Rehl is a financial adviser and researcher in St. Petersburg, Fla., and the author of “Moving Forward on Your Own: A Financial Guidebook for Widows.” She recalled a newly widowed client who had gladly ceded the financial decision-making to her husband for years. The client was following a gut instinct in hiring her, Ms. Rehl said, and expressed it this way: “I never really understood that stuff that Jim did, but my tummy tells me it might be wrong.”When Ms. Rehl looked at her client’s portfolio, she found 90 percent of the holdings were in international stocks — an aggressive risk profile for any investor, let alone a retiree in her 70s. Together, they developed a more balanced portfolio, composed of a blend of stock and bond index funds designed to weather market volatility. Even when they agreed to rejigger the investments, it proved hard for Ms. Rehl’s client to make such a big decision alone, even though she eventually followed through. “She said, ‘Stop, I can’t do it,’” Ms. Rehl said. “She said, ‘It’s like I’m slapping Jim in the face.’”Facing major choices alone can be disorienting — even when a couple have prepared for it together.When Liz Hobert, of Mount Dora, Fla., 68, and her husband, Bruce, were in their 50s, they wanted to make sure they both had a clear view of their finances — so they enrolled in a financial course held at a local community college.“We came out not any better than we had been before,” Ms. Hobert said, describing a “mess” of six insurance policies and a collection of pensions and stock and bond accounts handled by different advisers. “We had all these pieces but we really didn’t know what we would have in retirement and wondered, ‘Are we ever going to be able to retire?’”Working with Ms. Rehl, they consolidated accounts, started saving more aggressively, and set a goal of retiring in their 60s. When Mr. Hobert died five years ago, Ms. Hobert said she felt reassured when Ms. Rehl urged her not to worry about money or making any big decisions for six months based on the planning they had completed.Even though Ms. McLaughlin-Klotz and Dr. Ward are years away from retirement, they have already started talking about the long term.Now, he said, “There’s complete transparency” about their finances. “It would be easier for me to do everything, but the easiest thing isn’t necessarily the best thing.”Ms. McLaughlin-Klotz said she was glad they are working on it, though she has also found it challenging. “It’s a really uncomfortable topic, but we talk about it all the time. I want to make sure I’m contributing so it was important for me that we had those conversations so I don’t feel left out.”Sheryl Garrett, a certified financial planner in Eureka Springs, Ark., has tips for couples:How can couples talk about money without fighting about it? To begin, don’t start by talking dollars and cents. Instead, try to create a clear picture of long-term wishes. Each person can start by making a list of 30 goals, dividing them into three categories, called “I would love to,” “like to” and “it’s not that important.” They could range from the practical, such as saving for retirement or starting a family, to desires such as living overseas or studying a new language. (One of Ms. Garrett’s personal goals is to master conversational Mandarin — a skill she is still working on.) Next, swap lists and begin talking about how to create a plan together to make those ideas happen.What concrete steps should we take every year? Take stock of your financial situation annually by looking at each person’s net worth separately and the couple’s net worth together, Ms. Garrett said. Compare where you were a year ago and start thinking about what changes you want to make in the year ahead.What ground rules should couples follow to help stay on track? Set aside time — no more than 30 minutes — to talk about money at least once a month. Try to find a low-stress time, perhaps a weekend night, and involve everyone in the household — including children. Consider modeling how to work through the kinds of financial trade-offs you need to make as a family. For instance, would you rather have a lavish trip or go camping, allowing a lasting purchase like a trampoline, which everyone could enjoy on a regular basis? Commit to talking together with “no blame and no shame,” Ms. Garrett said.COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. — Virgin Galactic's goal to fly tourists into space as early as this summer is about 12 years later than initially promised by its founder, British billionaire Sir Richard Branson.But many of its customers, including Gisli Gislason, aren't sweating it.Right up there with a few minutes in space on Gislason’s bucket list is his time on earth with other space enthusiasts and Branson, a fellow adrenaline junkie known as much for his globe-trotting stunts as for starting his own airline.“It’s more than just a trip to space, it’s a huge, ongoing event,” said Icelandic ticket holder Gislason, who has a Virgin Galactic logo tattooed on his arm and bought his ticket to space in 2010. “I’ve already got what I paid for, so I’m just in for a bonus,” he added.Gislason's experience is no accident.Since its early days, Virgin Galactic specifically set out to win customer loyalty, knowing its attempt to become the world’s first commercial spaceline would likely see its share of setbacks. So featuring its top salesman Branson, the company prioritized exclusive experiences for its “future astronauts,” building a community that has stayed loyal through years of pushed deadlines and a fatal 2014 crash. (For an interactive version of this story, click https://tmsnrt.rs/2Id1QMH)While waiting for their trip, some since 2004, Virgin ticket holders have been busied with treats on earth: from a custom-created solar eclipse festival in Idaho and test-flight viewings in California’s Mojave Desert to spaceship-shaped cufflinks at Christmas and group excursions to Branson's private island in the Caribbean, where they can play tennis with the famous entrepreneur and swap design ideas for the spaceflight around a campfire. “One of our astronauts once said to me, ‘Don’t fly to space, we’re thoroughly enjoying spending all this time going to the game reserve in Africa or Necker Island,’” Branson told Reuters in an exclusive interview.“That long, drawn out foreplay can be pretty good, the orgasm is quite quick,” he said, laughing. Ticket holders pay for some of these particularly high-end events, but just cover the travel for others.“That was a compelling part of the package,” said Mark Rocket, a New Zealander who changed his name nearly 20 years ago and signed up with Virgin Galactic in 2006. “It’s not just about those few minutes in space.”More than 600 people from 58 countries have put down a deposit for a 90-minute flight priced at $250,000, up from $200,000 in 2013. The first 100 “founders” will partake in a lottery to determine who gets to fly sooner rather than later. The company expects to increase the frequency of the flights as they build up their space fleet over time. It has collected about $80 million in ticket holder deposits, money which CEO George Whitesides said the company does not use for spaceship development. That funding instead comes largely from the Virgin Group and Abu Dhabi’s Mubadala Investment Group. Other than stating Branson himself will be on the first scheduled flight, the company has not disclosed which ticketholders will go first – though Branson is considering the possibility of some customers jumping the line for the right price to help pay the bills. “There is a market out there we believe who would be willing to pay a million dollars to go on an earlier flight, and we’ve got a few slots at that sort of price,” Branson told Reuters.Signed-up “future astronauts” vary from billionaires to people who remortgaged their homes to pay for the ride, from pop star Justin Bieber to Mary Wallace “Wally” Funk, 80, one of the so-called ‘Mercury 13’ women who in the 1960s passed the same punishing tests as male astronauts before the program’s funding was pulled. Virgin’s decision to sign up customers long before it developed and tested a commercial spaceship contrasts with Blue Origin, founded by Jeff Bezos, which will only sell tickets for its suborbital flights after it completes its crewed flight tests.“It would not have been a Virgin company had we squirreled away in secret and built a spaceship without any customers and rolled it out once it was all ready and tested,” said Stephen Attenborough, Virgin Galactic’s commercial director and first full-time employee. Now, after a crewed SpaceShipTwo test flight to space in December 2018 and another carrying a test passenger in February, Virgin Galactic is inching closer to commercial flight. Blue Origin's New Shepard rocket has reached space but its first human spaceflight is still targeted for this year, and it has not determined a ticket price or when it will begin taking reservations.Elon Musk’s SpaceX is also in the race: last year it named Japanese fashion magnate Yusaku Maezawa as its first customer on a voyage around the moon, tentatively scheduled for 2023. “FUTURE ASTRONAUT” STRATEGYVirgin Galactic knew that the price tag for its flights, sold in advance to prove that there was a healthy market when there was a product to deliver, would require providing customer service during the wait.“Right from the start it was obvious to me that if we were going to have customers and we were accepting fairly large deposits, we were going to need to communicate regularly with those people,” said Attenborough.It was not clear how long the wait for tourist spaceflights might be, with Branson’s timelines shifting: In 2004, Virgin was saying it would offer commercial spaceflights by 2007. By 2012, the plan was 2013. As deadlines whizzed by, the future astronaut program evolved, organizing group trips from the Farnborough Air Show to the ‘Cradle of Humankind’ fossil site in South Africa.“That is something that they tapped into and wised up to really early,” said Trevor Beattie, a ticketholder and UK advertising executive working on Virgin Galactic’s marketing campaign. “They created, quite deliberately, a sense of community.”For some, access to Branson himself upped the experience.“Isn’t it funny how the wine tastes better when you know the winemaker?” said Matthew Upchurch, a ticket holder and the CEO of Virtuoso, a travel agency network with exclusive rights to sell Virgin Galactic flights in North America.CRASH TESTS LOYALTY       The biggest test of this carefully built customer community came in 2014, when a test flight crash killed the co-pilot and seriously injured the pilot.“I remember very well waking up very early on Saturday morning after the Friday accident and wondering what would happen to this customer base,” Attenborough said.The company reached out to customers by email on the day of the crash, both before and after the co-pilot’s death was known. There was a blog post from Branson on that day, and later, a video message. A subsequent email from the astronaut relations team said that they planned to call every customer individually.“That was obviously a horrendous day for everybody,” said Branson, adding that his experience of a fatal 2007 Virgin Trains crash in which an elderly woman was killed meant he knew it was important to get to the scene of the test flight accident and “take these things head on.”In the end, Attenborough said only a “handful” of customers asked for refunds.An email seen by Reuters from the astronaut relations team three weeks after the crash said it would soon share a program of upcoming activities and trips. It advertised some “gold-dust-like spots” for a “star Galactic team” at the London Marathon – some of the sponsorship money would now go to a memorial fund for the co-pilot who was killed.After consulting with customers, the company went ahead with one of its planned annual Virgin Galactic trips to Necker Island just a few weeks after the crash.Now, after years of huge setbacks and surreal highs, Virgin Galactic’s ticketholders are edging closer to their flights. For some, space is still the final frontier.“I’ve driven a Bugatti at 253 miles an hour, I’ve skied to the South Pole, swam at the North Pole. I’ve done a lot of stuff and the thing I really want to do is fly in space,” said Jim Clash, an adventure journalist and passenger 610. (Editing by Greg Mitchell and Edward Tobin)Cash bribes were called “monopoly money,” and handed out to high-ranking members of South Africa’s governing party on monthly retainers. When that payoff wasn’t enough, $22,000 was stuffed into a Louis Vuitton handbag and delivered to a close ally of the president at the time.That sent the recipient “over the moon,” according to Angelo Agrizzi, a businessman — and now whistle-blower — who detailed, at a continuing government inquiry into public corruption, extravagant bribes doled out to members of the party, the African National Congress, at the highest levels of government.A current government minister, he testified, liked receiving an annual Christmas basket that included “four cases of high-quality whiskey, 40 cases of beer, eight lambs — cut up, obviously.” Her daughter was partial to high-end convertibles, Audi A3 Cabriolets, but kept crashing the cars given to her.“So I actually called her in one day and sat her down and said, ‘Can I arrange for driver training, special driver training for you,’ because it was getting embarrassing,” Mr. Agrizzi said.The granular details about the bribes in South Africa, where widespread corruption has gutted state institutions and public programs, emerged after several days of explosive testimony, broadcast live nationwide, by Mr. Agrizzi at the inquiry. Mr. Agrizzi was the chief operating officer of Bosasa, a South African logistics company that he said handed out between $300,000 to $440,000 a month in cash bribes to senior A.N.C. officials to secure lucrative government contracts.Mr. Agrizzi, who wrapped up his testimony on Tuesday, implicated by name not only powerful politicians, but also senior civil servants who he said had facilitated transactions or were paid to look away. Though Bosasa had long been accused of unethical and illegal conduct, the company continued to win government contracts through its ties with the A.N.C.Even President Cyril Ramaphosa, who has pledged to clean up South Africa, is being investigated for his ties to Bosasa.Last week, the public protector’s office, a government agency responsible for investigating corruption, started an investigation into $37,000 given by Bosasa to Mr. Ramaphosa’s campaign before party elections in December 2017 — and also into whether Mr. Ramaphosa misled Parliament about why that money was given.On Tuesday, Mr. Ramaphosa met with the public protector, Busisiwe Mkhwebane, to discuss the case, said Oupa Segalwe, a spokesman for the office.Initially, Mr. Ramaphosa said in Parliament that the payment had been made to his son, Andile, for doing consulting work for Bosasa. Mr. Ramaphosa later said that the money was donated by the company to his 2017 campaign. He added that he had not been aware of the donation and pledged to return it.“The president performed a spectacular about-turn and was forced to admit to the nation that his campaign received dirty money from Bosasa,” Mmusi Maimane, the leader of the main opposition party, Democratic Alliance, said.The reports come just months before national elections are expected to be held, most likely in May. Allies of Mr. Ramaphosa, who ousted Jacob Zuma from power a year ago, are hoping that he will win a decisive victory and carry out reforms inside a fractured A.N.C.“We’ve gone through a challenging number of years, nine years to be exact, where we seemed to lose our way, where we deviated from the path that you traditionally would have expected us to traverse,” Mr. Ramaphosa said last week at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, referring to Mr. Zuma’s nine-year presidency.But Mr. Agrizzi’s testimony indicated that malfeasance has long been — and still is — an integral part of the A.N.C., which has held power since the end of apartheid in 1994. Corruption, he testified, long predated Mr. Zuma’s presidency and involves officials in Mr. Ramaphosa’s own cabinet and in the party’s top hierarchy.Established by leaders of the A.N.C.’s Women’s League, Bosasa was bought and then built up by a white South African businessman, Gavin Watson, who with his brothers became anti-apartheid heroes for playing rugby with black South Africans in the 1970s. After democracy was introduced in the 1990s, the Watsons used their links to the A.N.C. for business purposes. The company changed its name last year to African Global Operations.Mr. Agrizzi served as Mr. Watson’s right-hand man but said he was coming clean after nearly dying during heart surgery in 2016. He said Bosasa’s business grew thanks to ties to the A.N.C. during the government of Thabo Mbeki.By 2009, the company was under severe scrutiny: The Special Investigating Unit, a government agency, released a report detailing widespread fraud in Bosasa’s relations with officials overseeing the nation’s prisons.But nothing came of the report or further investigations into Bosasa, Mr. Agrizzi said, because the company paid off national prosecutors and A.N.C. lawmakers on a parliamentary committee overseeing prisons.Bosasa also bought protection from prosecutors by cultivating ties with Dudu Myeni, a close ally of Mr. Zuma, Mr. Agrizzi said. Ms. Myeni served for years as the head of South Africa’s now bankrupt national airline despite having no experience in the industry.Bosasa funneled $22,000 a month to Mr. Zuma through her, Mr. Agrizzi said, adding that the money was once stuffed into a Louis Vuitton bag that sent Ms. Myeni “over the moon.” Mr. Zuma has not commented on the testimony.As Bosasa sought further protection, Mr. Agrizzi said a monthly retainer was also paid to another close ally of Mr. Zuma, Nomvula Mokonyane, who was so quick in getting things done for the company that she was nicknamed the “Energizer Bunny.”The company also rewarded Ms. Mokonyane — who is now Mr. Ramaphosa’s minister for environmental affairs — with the annual Christmas basket, and her daughter with cars, Mr. Agrizzi said.Ms. Mokonyane’s lawyers said that her “right to procedural fairness” had been breached by the investigating panel and that she “felt betrayed” that newspapers had obtained Mr. Agrizzi’s prepared testimony.In 2018, there were 585 billionaires in America, with a combined wealth of over $2.8 trillion. The wealthiest, Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon, has a net worth of $160 billion.The world’s eight richest individuals have as much wealth as the bottom half in the world, and the three richest Americans hold more wealth than the bottom 50 percent of the United States.Should there be a limit to how much wealth a person has? If so, how much is too much?In “Abolish Billionaires,” Farhad Manjoo writes:Last fall, Tom Scocca, editor of the essential blog Hmm Daily, wrote a tiny, searing post that has been rattling around my head ever since.“Some ideas about how to make the world better require careful, nuanced thinking about how best to balance competing interests,” he began. “Others don’t: Billionaires are bad. We should presumptively get rid of billionaires. All of them.”Mr. Scocca — a longtime writer at Gawker until that site was muffled by a billionaire — offered a straightforward argument for kneecapping the wealthiest among us. A billion dollars is wildly more than anyone needs, even accounting for life’s most excessive lavishes. It’s far more than anyone might reasonably claim to deserve, however much he believes he has contributed to society.At some level of extreme wealth, money inevitably corrupts. On the left and the right, it buys political power, it silences dissent, it serves primarily to perpetuate ever-greater wealth, often unrelated to any reciprocal social good. For Mr. Scocca, that level is self-evidently somewhere around one billion dollars; beyond that, you’re irredeemable.He continues by discussing the idea of abolishing billionaires:But it is an illustration of the political precariousness of billionaires that the idea has since become something like mainline thought on the progressive left. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren are floating new taxes aimed at the superrich, including special rates for billionaires. Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, who also favors higher taxes on the wealthy, has been making a moral case against the existence of billionaires. Dan Riffle, her policy adviser, recently changed his Twitter name to “Every Billionaire Is a Policy Failure.” Last week, HuffPost asked, “Should Billionaires Even Exist?”I suspect the question is getting so much attention because the answer is obvious: Nope. Billionaires should not exist — at least not in their present numbers, with their current globe-swallowing power, garnering this level of adulation, while the rest of the economy scrapes by.Students, read the entire article, then tell us:— Should anyone have a billion dollars? Is there a limit to how much money a person should have? Are billionaires a sign of a country’s health or weakness? Are billionaires helping or hurting society?— How convincing is Mr. Manjoo’s case against billionaires? Where is his argument most effective? Where is he least persuasive?— How concerned are you about income inequality and the concentration of wealth in this country? What do you think should be done to address or remedy these issues?— In Reason Magazine, Nick Gillespie, a libertarian, responds to Mr. Manjoo’s Opinion column. He asks if the world would be better off if former Beatles musican Paul McCartney didn’t have a net worth of $1.2 billion:Would there be less suffering in the world if his money is expropriated and transferred to the wretched of the earth via higher taxes rather than through his own charitable donations and investments? Probably not, especially when you think about how much suffering, especially in the developing world, is the direct result of government action.He continues:“Abolish Billionaires” is a smart slogan, but that’s all it is. Figuratively lopping the heads off of the richest of the rich will not make life easier for the poor and dispossessed, and it won’t increase economic growth and living standards. It might sate the bloodlust of left-wing populists for a while, but certainly that outcome can be purchased for lower cost.Do you agree with Mr. Gillespie’s argument? Should we blame and punish billionaires for their own good fortune, hard work or talent? Will abolishing billionaires hurt economic growth and living standards and end up harming those less fortunate?Students 13 and older are invited to comment. All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public.INDIANAPOLIS — Clayton Morris walked away from his job as a Fox News host in 2017 to devote himself to the next phase of his professional life: helping regular people achieve financial independence.Mr. Morris, a host on “Fox and Friends Weekend,” already had a popular real estate investing podcast when he and his wife, Natali, decided to become full-time real estate advisers. Their plan was to connect mom-and-pop investors with turnkey investment homes in Detroit, Indianapolis, Jacksonville, Fla., and several other cities. Their company, Morris Invest, would handle the details: finding properties, overseeing renovations, hiring property managers to rent out the houses. All clients had to do was put up the cash and wait for the checks to arrive.Morris Invest helped sell at least 1,000 properties over the past two years, reaping more than $5 million in referral fees and profits from the sales, according to resale prices and interviews with investors and a lawyer for a former business partner. But Mr. Morris’s customers said many of the homes in Indianapolis had cost them dearly. Nearly two dozen customers are now suing Mr. Morris and his company. They contend that the properties were in worse shape than advertised, and that rehab work paid for upfront was done poorly or not at all. Vacant lots sold on the expectation of new homes being built are strewn with trash. One house gutted by fire was sold a few days later to an unwitting investor, according to a lawsuit. “He comes across as this nice, likable family guy,” said Brian Freeman, a California lawyer who plunked down about $40,000 for a ramshackle home that was in such bad shape he was issued fines. “He’s famous and I thought, ‘He’s not going to ruin his entire reputation.’ Obviously, in hindsight, I feel like such an idiot.”The Morrises face a half-dozen lawsuits, including one in federal court, and more will probably follow.  Lawyers in Indianapolis are fielding calls from disgruntled customers and angry renters, and Indiana’s attorney general has opened an investigation. In response to a Freedom of Information Act request, the Federal Trade Commission said it had received 21 consumer complaints.The couple insisted they were not to blame for the properties’ problems.“We were a victim, too,” Mr. Morris, 42, said during an interview with his wife at a coffee shop near their  suburban New Jersey home. The couple said they had lost hundreds of thousands of dollars on homes that they and their relatives bought from a property-management company that was one of their business partners in Indianapolis. The company, Oceanpointe Investments, was the seller of the homes the Morrises’ clients bought, and, according to the couple, it was supposed to do the renovations and manage the properties.The Morrises said that Oceanpointe, which many Morris Invest clients said they had never heard of until after buying the homes, is the real villain and liable for any damages. Few, if any, problems have arisen in other cities, they said. Oceanpointe blames the Morrises, saying they are responsible for the promises made to investors.Also caught in the middle are the renters who lived in some of the homes. They say that poor upkeep resulted in collapsing ceilings and frequent plumbing problems. Furnaces often did not work properly, leaving homes freezing cold in winter. One renter in a pending landlord-tenant case blamed poor living conditions for the premature birth of girl who died an hour after delivery. The Morrises said they were not aware of the extent of the problems.“We didn’t know any were living in abject conditions,” Ms. Morris, 40, said.‘Incestuous Networks’The unfolding affair demonstrates the allure that real estate speculation still holds for individual investors roughly a decade after one of the worst housing crises in United States history. It can be problematic when such investors look to charismatic personalities for investing tips. Many of the financial gurus pushing investors into real estate play off fears of economic insecurity, according to Philip Garboden, a professor of affordable housing at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. In a research working paper financed partly by the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development, Mr. Garboden wrote that amateur investors were vulnerable to exploitation by those who “evangelize” the process and tend to play down the risks of investing in “low-end” urban real estate.“These are very incestuous networks,” Mr. Garboden said in an interview. “They know the contractors. The property manager. The whole system thrives on keeping every dollar invested in that network.”Investment gurus, he said, tend to  have a common message: Investing in real estate can help guide the average investor to financial independence.Making the PitchMr. Morris’s sales pitch did not lean heavily on his career in broadcast journalism. But he did not keep it a secret, either. He alluded to his new career in a lighthearted seven-minute video send-off that Fox News put together and that showed Mr. Morris competing in an obstacle course competition and grilling burgers outside the Manhattan studio.Real estate investing, he said in marketing materials, had given him the financial security to quit his 9 to 5 broadcast job. “I’m a big fan of this radical idea that everyone should be able to achieve total financial freedom,” the biography on one of his websites says. With his wife — a former  anchor for CBS Interactive — he wrote a book, “How to Pay Off Your Mortgage in 5 Years.” But the couple’s new venture did more than offer advice: It was a one-stop shopping experience for investors who wanted to buy rental homes — by dipping into their retirement savings, if necessary. An email sent to one client who signed up last year summed up the pitch:Are you working LONG hours but never quite able to get ahead? Are you worried about making COSTLY mistakes with a vacant rental property? Are you intimidated by the thought of DOING IT ALL yourself? Stop worrying, and let us take care it!The Morrises pulled in hundreds of customers from across the United States and as far away as Israel and South Korea.  They helped sell nearly 700 homes in Indianapolis alone.“It was his name and his promise,” said Larry McLeskey, one of nearly two dozen individual investors suing Mr. Morris in the federal lawsuit. Mr. McLeskey, who lives in Michigan, said that he and his wife, Kay, had lost $40,000 after selling a home in Indianapolis. “No one was taking care of the home.”Danny Gomes, a real estate agent from Redding, Calif., sued Morris Invest separately after, he said, he lost $52,000 on an Indianapolis home he bought last year, just days after it was largely destroyed in a fire. The house is now boarded up, its back half all but gone. Mr. Gomes said he had learned about the fire only several months later, when the city sent him a notice warning that the property was unsafe and needed to be boarded up.Until then, he believed the house was being rehabilitated, work he paid for when he bought it. One of Mr. Morris’s employees, who is also Ms. Morris’s sister, told Mr. Gomes that she would be his “point of contact for the rehab process,” according to an email provided to The New York Times. Mr. Gomes said it was only after he learned about the fire that he discovered Morris Invest was simply getting a referral fee for sending customers to Oceanpointe.“When it hit the fan,” Mr. Gomes said, “they said they were just the middleman.” ‘Happy as a Clam’As the Morrises tell it, they were blindsided just like everyone else. The couple, who have three young children, said they were frustrated with all the anger directed at them. They have put their own home up for sale, in part out of concern for their safety. They place the blame squarely on Oceanpointe and its founder, Bert Whalen. The Morrises said they met Mr. Whalen in 2014, when they bought a few homes in Indianapolis and used Oceanpointe to fix up and manage them. By 2016, Mr. Morris was referring one or two investors a week to Mr. Whalen’s firm. The Morrises said they had eventually formalized the relationship, sending buyers to Oceanpointe and earning a fee on each sale.Mr. Morris said it was not until spring 2018 that he became fully aware of the problems his customers were having with Oceanpointe. The relationship formally ended in May.The Morrises said they would not have gotten involved with Mr. Whalen had they known that Indiana regulators moved to deny a renewal of his real estate license in December 2015. A state regulator determined that he had failed to disclose convictions for operating a car and motorboat while intoxicated and, on at least one occasion, had not turned over rent money he had collected for a property owner. His real estate license was permanently revoked in January 2018.Despite the break with Oceanpointe, the Morrises said they had many satisfied customers. Renovation work was done on 60 percent of the 700 homes sold in Indianapolis, Mr. Morris estimated. “There are hundreds of people who are as happy as a clam,” he said.There are many, however, who are not.For clients dissatisfied with the work on their properties, Mr. Morris said Oceanpointe had agreed to indemnify Morris Invest against all lawsuits and investor claims. The Morrises’ lawyer sent a letter to Mr. Whalen in October seeking to enforce the indemnification agreement. The couple declined to provide a copy of the agreement.John Tompkins, a lawyer for Mr. Whalen, blamed Morris Invest, which he said had collected a $6,500 referral fee on every property.Mr. Whalen’s businesses “have done everything required by their investment agreements and contracts,” Mr. Tompkins said.He disputed the suggestion that the indemnification agreement held Oceanpointe solely responsible for problems with the selling of the homes. “The problems that have come up relate to Morris exclusively,” Mr. Tompkins said. “The misunderstandings of those buyers related to misstatements by Morris and his sales personnel.”A New VentureThe Morrises have largely gotten out of the real estate business in Indianapolis. They are focused mainly on Detroit, where they have sold more than 200 homes, largely without the kind of complaints they face in Indianapolis. Morris Invest, though, is no longer their top priority. The Morrises are now selling an online financial advice and planning program: Financial Freedom Academy. The program offers a “proven system for building wealth, guaranteed,” according to its website.The site describes a conversation that Mr. Morris said transformed his life: He was seated next to real estate investor on a trip to New Zealand several years ago, and learned the man and his wife were on a two-month vacation after making money acquiring homes, fixing them up and renting them out.“From that moment on, I made it my mission to follow in his footsteps,” Mr. Morris says on the site. Mr. Morris is inviting investors to follow in his footsteps with a nine-session online program at a special introductory rate of $697.As tattooed rockers, tech bros and Instagram influencers pile into the tweedy world of watch collecting, prices for sought-after classics from brands like Rolex, Omega and Patek Philippe are shooting up. In some cases, they have doubled in just a couple of years.These next-generation collectors see old timepieces not just as a subtly stylish way to dress up a T-shirt and jeans, but also as a hot new asset in their investment portfolios. In a market where stocks, bonds and real estate seem at an unsteady peak, do vintage watches present a Bitcoin-in-2017-like growth opportunity? Or are they in a Bitcoin-in-2017-like bubble? Time — elegantly monitored — will tell. Even though his investment in watches has doubled in value in just 18 months, Peter Goodwin, a private investor in Charlottesville, Va., who also collects watches, said he is concerned about frothiness in the vintage market.“It’s much like momentum investing in stocks,” he said. “People see the rise in Facebook shares, they see Mark Zuckerberg, and they want to ride it up. It is the same with the trendy watches we read about in the auctions — the Paul Newman Rolex, the Omega Speedmasters, some Submariners. You see them rising and you want to jump on.”“The question,” Mr. Goodwin said, “is when does it stop?”That’s a risk that newcomer watch geeks like Shahien Hendizadeh, a recent business school graduate in Los Angeles, are willing to take.“Buying a good vintage Rolex is just like purchasing stock in a company like Nestlé or Google,” Mr. Hendizadeh, 25, said. “It is the quintessential blue chip.”After taking a face-plant on a long-shot $2,000 investment in American Apparel stock, just months before the company declared bankruptcy, he bought a 1982 Rolex Submariner for $13,000. It has appreciated perhaps $10,000 in two years, he said.And in the event of an economic downturn, fine watches may turn out to represent a safe-haven asset, like metals or gems, for investors looking to diversify their portfolios. Or they may just be another of-the-moment asset that 1 percenters, flush with cash, have inflated to unsustainable proportions. ⊕Watch collectors hide in plain sight. John Mayer’s watch collection is nearly as famous as his guitar work. His bank vault contains a vast array of collectibles, including sapphire-encrusted gold Rolexes and Luftwaffe watches from World War II, that he has said is valued in the “tens of millions.”Silicon Valley heavyweights like Kevin Rose, the Digg founder, and Matt Jacobson, Facebook’s employee No. 8, have museum-worthy Rolexes and Patek Philippes, helping to establish a head-turning timepiece as a tech-world style flourish to rival the hoodie.Ellen DeGeneres wore a holy-grail Paul Newman-model Rolex Daytona from the 1960s, now worth perhaps $250,000, while bantering with Jerry Seinfeld in an episode of “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee” last year. (Adam Levine and Ed Sheeran have been spotted wearing Paul Newmans as well. One also made a cameo on the wrist of Pierre Png’s character in “Crazy Rich Asians.”)In professional sports, high-end timepieces have long seemed as indispensable as a shoe contract for stars with seven- and eight-figure incomes. Top athletes including Rafael Nadal, Dwyane Wade and LeBron James have served as celebrity ambassadors for brands like Richard Mille, Hublot and Audemars Piguet. Star players who have been traded have been known to trade a Rolex to a player on their new team to secure their old jersey number. And in recent years, several have morphed into certifiable watch snobs. Howie Kendrick of the Washington Nationals, for example, counts understated heirlooms, like a 1959 LeCoultre Deep Sea Alarm and a 1960s Breitling Superocean, as key elements of his off-field uniform.If you’re still 1 percent-ish but would prefer to dabble, there’s good news. The Watch Fund, run by Dominic Khoo, a shareholder and watch specialist with the auction company Antiquorum, offers people a chance to invest in rare and limited-edition watches at prices that can be 50 percent or more below retail. Those who have bought in have seen at least double-digit returns since the fund’s inception six years ago, Mr. Khoo said.Star power and funds like Mr. Khoo’s add credence to the idea that fine watches are a soybean or a copper, another investable commodity. But does that make them a good investment?⊛What even makes a watch valuable? Consider the bezel insert from a 1957 Rolex Submariner. A bezel insert is the featherweight aluminum disk with numbers on it that surrounds the dial of a diver’s watch.On Submariners made in the third quarter of 1957, the bezel insert was made with an unusual red triangle at 12 o’clock and slightly different typography on the numerals. Because it is rare, that insert is so sought after by collectors that it can fetch more than $30,000 these days, said Eric Wind, a dealer of fine vintage watches in Florida, up from maybe $10,000 just a few years ago.None of this necessarily makes sense. It’s not like a vintage watch is better than a new one. In fact, it’s worse in almost every way.A new Rolex Submariner, for example, is a modern update of a decades-old classic that seems to be every budding watch geek’s first serious timepiece. The new Sub is a marvel of mechanical engineering, with a high-tech ceramic bezel that is virtually guaranteed not to fade, a solid-steel bracelet as rugged as a tank tread, and a crystal made of sapphire that is all but scratch-proof. It’s a watch that feels indestructible enough for a pleasure dive in the Mariana Trench.No one would ever say that about its predecessor, those midcentury Submariners made famous by Sean Connery’s James Bond, which are shooting up in value despite the fact that they feature an acrylic (that is, plastic) crystal prone to scratches and cracks, a hollow-steel bracelet that eventually might stretch like an accordion, and a painted dial that could fade from the original black to an espresso brown (known to collectors as a “tropical” dial).Which is, naturally, why old watches are considered cool: They have patina, provenance, soul. And for a generation of men (and yes, vintage watches seem to be an obsession largely for men, with apologies to Ellen) who value the analog-chic of antique mechanical watches, just like vinyl records and selvage jeans, that is key.“Vintage watches should show off their age,” said Nelson Murray, a 31-year-old photographer and budding collector in San Francisco. Vintage sport watches, like his Rolex GMT-Master, a classic pilot’s watch from 1980, “evoke a sense of adventure and a kind of dare to add more dings and scratches to them as evidence of a life lived.”⊚Prices for some Rolex GMT-Master models — in the proper condition, with original parts — have spiked to perhaps $16,000, up from $8,000 just two or three years ago, said Paul Altieri of Bob’s Watches, a prominent retailer in Newport Beach, Calif. (It routinely shows off sumptuous wrist shots of old classics for its Instagram followers.)A few years ago, Matt Hranek, a watch-loving photographer who recently founded a men’s style magazine called Wm Brown, flipped a 1960s Omega Speedmaster (the same model worn by the astronaut Ed White on the first American spacewalk) for five times what he paid for it, he said. That score helped him persuade his wife that a portfolio of vintage watches could serve as an alternate 401(k) for the family.“I convinced her — I think — that it was much more practical to invest regularly in watches that I know about rather than the stock market that I know absolutely nothing about,” Mr. Hranek, 51, said.Benjamin Clymer, the founder of the watch site Hodinkee, which has evolved from a one-man watch blog to a market-moving editorial and e-commerce site selling new and vintage watches, has been practicing a form of horological arbitrage with his collection for years.In 2012, for example, he bought a Patek Philippe Nautilus, a triumph of 1970s mod design that conjures images of Concorde flights and fondue parties, for $18,000. That watch is worth at least $75,000 today, Mr. Clymer, 36, said. That’s not his only home run as a watch investor.“I have a distinct memory of a friend who is now one of the great vintage dealers in the world calling me crazy for spending $30,000 for an early 1950s Omega Speedmaster,” he said. “The same watch today would be well north of $100,000.”⊝With wrist shots flourishing on Instagram and watch sites like Hodinkee, Worn & Wound and Monochrome spreading arcane watch knowledge to the masses, collector demand is spreading beyond behemoth brands like Rolex and Omega to lesser-known makers like Universal Genève. One particularly coveted version of that venerable Swiss maker’s Compax chronograph famously graced the wrist of Nina Rindt, the fashionable wife of the 1970s Formula One racer Jochen Rindt. It began trading as high as $45,000 recently, up from maybe $2,800 in 2011, although the market has cooled of late, Mr. Wind said; the same model might trade for $20,000 to $30,000, he added. But no watch has exploded in value like the Paul Newman Daytona. It is an auto racer’s chronograph that once was considered something of an afterthought in the watch world. Joanne Woodward accidentally made it iconic when she bought one for Mr. Newman, her gear-head husband, in the late 1960s for about $250.Whether she noticed it or not, the specific model she selected for Mr. Newman, who could often be found circling the track when he was not making movies, was rare, featuring distinctive Art Deco-inflected numerals on its three sub-dials denoting seconds, minutes and hours. This only appeared on perhaps one in 20 Daytonas from the late 1960s and early 1970s.Over the years, Mr. Newman’s stature as a style icon grew, and so did the mythology — and value — of the Rolex he flashed on magazine covers. In a 2014 post, Hodinkee scoured old auction catalogs featuring Paul Newman sales and found estimates as low as $9,257 in 1992, and as low (yes) as $66,000 in 2008.Those were the days. After Paul Newman’s own Paul Newman attracted worldwide headlines by selling at auction for $17.8 million after a mere 12 minutes of bidding in 2017, every Paul Newman suddenly seems to be trading like a Picasso. A coveted version known as an Oyster Mk 1 “panda” went for more than $750,000 at a Phillips auction in Geneva this past spring, a figure that shocked Mr. Clymer, who once owned that very watch. “The Oysters are something really special, and go well beyond ticking the box for a rich guy to prove he’s cool,” Mr. Clymer said. “I bought this watch in the twos, sold it in the threes, and I thought I was the smartest man in the room. How could a steel Daytona break $400,000?”⊜Not every old watch has value. Anyone who scoops up a cheap boxful of half-working Bulovas from the 1950s at a flea market is likely to end up with a cheap boxful of half-working Bulovas from the 1950s. Vintage watch collecting can prove a minefield for newbie collectors. Even with blue-chip models, seemingly imperceptible differences can add or detract thousands of dollars in value. A Rolex Submariner from the 1960s with an original bezel insert featuring a so-called long 5 is worth thousands more than one with a replacement insert with a shorter, more contemporary 5. Buyers need to figure out if a watch has been polished over the years — actually considered a bad thing, since polishing can wear down the crisp edges of its case, Mr. Wind said. And they need to watch out for unscrupulous dealers peddling so-called Frankenwatches, which contain non-original parts that can torpedo the value. Besides, watch collecting can be similar to art collecting in that dealers tend to reserve the most coveted pieces for insiders and heavyweight collectors, rarely making them available to the general public. And then there are the fickle market tastes that any sort of collector must try to anticipate. Right now, the arrow is pointing up on best-of-breed sport watches with steel bracelets, like the Nautilus, the Submariner and GMT, the early Speedmasters, the Audemars Piguet Royal Oak and certain vintage Tudors and Heuers, Mr. Clymer said. There’s no telling how the demand for five- and six-figure timepieces will hold up should, say, a credit implosion in China, or a splintering of the eurozone, produce a sequel to the 2008 financial crisis, or should Democratic Socialists sweep to power in Washington on promises of a 70 percent tax rate on the target demographic for museum-worthy watches. Already, some sure things, like certain Daytonas, are looking like slightly less than a sure thing. “The market for Daytona just got a little silly for awhile,” Mr. Clymer said. “We saw references worth $20,000, $25,000 in 2011 to 2015 all of a sudden worth $50,000, then all of a sudden worth $80,000. And now those same references are worth $65,000. That’s still significantly higher than they were, but they’ve come down from the stratosphere.”During the bear market of 2008 to 2009, too, prices for some high-flying vintage models, including Paul Newmans, dipped by 30 to 40 percent, said Matthew Bain, a dealer of fine watches in Miami Beach. But, like stocks, they bounced back to new highs. The rebound may seem intoxicating. But people who think of their watch collection as an alternative to an E-Trade account may be in for a rude surprise when they discover that watches often come with sizable dealer fees, not to mention substantial outlays for insurance, secure storage and other hidden costs, Mr. Khoo said. “Investors are not collectors, and collectors are not investors,” Mr. Khoo said. His Watch Fund has a database of “more than 9,000 watch collectors worldwide,” he said, and “I have never met someone who bought hundreds of watches that he liked, and sold 100 percent of them for a net absolute gain.”In other words, newcomers to the watch world may want to heed the warning attached to brokerage advertisements on television: Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Or, they may just want to buy whatever looks cool and leave it at that. When Paine Field, about 25 miles north of Seattle in Everett, Wash., was born in the 1930s as a New Deal project, it was envisioned as a major commercial airport for the region. But that never happened. Instead, it became known as the place where Boeing offers “North America’s only publicly available commercial jet assembly plant tour.”That is about to change. Thanks to private investment, Paine Field is finally set to offer air service to the public. A sleek, new, $40 million  two-gate terminal was built by Propeller Airports, a Seattle company, and commercial flights are set to begin this month.Brett Smith, Propeller’s founder and chief executive, expects that travelers will be attracted by the convenience of avoiding traffic jams near Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. “No reason why tax dollars should be used to build passenger travel while there’s private-sector money ready and willing to do it,” he said.As governments reduce spending on infrastructure, private companies are moving into airports big and small, paying for private terminals with new types of services and teaming up with local agencies to renovate existing terminals. The so-called public-private partnerships, or P3s, have created new possibilities for airports, which have struggled for years to find the money to improve terminals and accommodate an increase in passengers and cargo. An Airport Council International report released in 2017 estimated that airports would need almost $100 billion for capital projects over the next five years, but would only be able to finance about half that amount.The Paine Field Passenger Terminal, which will serve Alaska Airlines starting early this month, and United Airlines later in March, is just one example of how private money is affecting airport offerings.Through a subsidiary, the Schiphol Group of the Netherlands owns Terminal 4 at Kennedy International Airport; American Airlines owns the airport’s Terminal 8. The Private Suite at Los Angeles International Airport opened nearly two years ago, offering those who can afford it a luxurious respite from the crowds at the main terminals. And Denver International Airport is updating the ticket counters, security screening areas, restaurants and shops at Jeppesen Terminal with the help of private money.The flow of private money into airports may mean more dining and shopping options for passengers, but it can have downsides. Since private operators try to maximize non-aeronautical revenue, some creature comforts may be lacking.“We’re not at the level of pay toilets, but operators may make it intentionally difficult to find a water fountain,” said Henry Harteveldt, founder of Atmosphere Research Group, a travel industry analysis firm in San Francisco.The issue of government support for public projects was thrown into sharp relief recently, when Gov. Gavin Newsom of California, a Democrat, announced that he was scaling back a $77 billion project for a high-speed bullet train and the Trump administration said it was considering legal options for recovering $2.5 billion in federal money that has already been spent on the project.Airport financing works somewhat differently than investment in public works projects. A government covers construction and some maintenance costs, but airports are expected to be self-sufficient otherwise and to find other sources of revenue.As many as a third of the airports in the United States were privately owned before the Great Depression and the infusion of New Deal spending, according to Deborah Douglas, the curator of science and technology at the M.I.T. Museum who has studied airports between the world wars.Wartime needs changed the dynamic.“The underlying principle of airport operations, beginning with World War II, was that local governments should own and operate the airports, and the federal government should provide the capital for construction and some maintenance costs,” said Peter Kirsch, a partner at the law firm Kaplan, Kirsch and Rockwell who specializes in transportation.Since then, Mr. Kirsch said, there has been an antipathy toward private ownership of, and investment in, public infrastructure. Local governments or airport authorities borrowed to pay for construction. But changes in the economy and in tax laws, he added, meant that “the advantage of public sector borrowing over private sector borrowing has narrowed.” Because two major government sources of financing for airports — facility fees and Airport Improvement Program grants — have remained at the same levels for years, the money does not go as far as it once did.Short-term appropriations from Congress make it difficult for airport officials to plan long-term projects. Revenue from restaurants, stores, taxis, rental cars and parking is subject to less oversight. And when third parties maintain private terminals, airports and passengers reap benefits without incurring additional expense.Prospective users of Paine Field Passenger Terminal approve of the arrangement. Minda Zetlin, a writer who lives about 15 miles northeast of the airport and nearly 50 miles north of Sea-Tac, said that traveling to the larger airport usually required her to use a car service, at an additional cost of $110 each way.She said some of her neighbors traveled 65 miles to the airport in Bellingham, Wash., 20 miles from the Canadian border, rather than fight traffic into Seattle. “Sure, when there’s commercial service out of Everett we’ll look at that as an attractive alternative,” she wrote in an email.Yves Junqueira, the founder and chief executive of a Seattle start-up, said he traveled at least once a month to San Francisco and San Jose, Calif. He said he alternated between Delta Air Lines and Alaska Airlines. “I have to go to a different terminal, check in on different machines, go to a different gate, go through T.S.A. on a different line,” he wrote in an email, referring to Transportation Security Administration checkpoints. Traveling from Paine Field, he said, might be more efficient.The Private Suite, which opened at Los Angeles International Airport in 2017 and is owned and operated by Gavin de Becker and Associates, a private security company, offers a less-egalitarian, membership-based approach.For an annual  fee of $4,500, with additional charges for each flight, a member and up to three immediate relatives have access to a private lounge, an on-call physician, complimentary manicures and massages, free meals and valet parking and other perks. There is a dedicated T.S.A. security line and a separate area for clearing customs. Passengers are chauffeured directly to their aircraft along the tarmac in a BMW 7 sedan.Since May, United Airlines passengers have also been able to use the service, although the prices are different.“We don’t pay attention to what price ticket you buy,” said Anthony Toth, managing director of digital sales for United Airlines. The service is open to any United Airlines passenger departing from Los Angeles at a cost of $375 for domestic flights and $500 for international flights. Private Suite expedites the checking of bags, accepting them up to 45 minutes before domestic flights and an hour before international flights.Private Suite expects to generate more than $35 million dollars for Los Angeles World Airports, which operates Los Angeles International, during its 10-year lease. “Our service improves security and congestion for all of LAX’s passengers, and it’s fully funded by those who create the most congestion issues, high-risk travelers,” said Amina Belouizdad, Private Suite’s chief commercial officer.At Denver International Airport, construction began in July at Jeppesen Terminal, where the Spanish company Ferrovial is working with JLC Infrastructure and Saunders Concessions on various upgrades, including improved security and new shopping and dining options. The consortium expects to choose, oversee and maintain the terminal’s roughly 50 stores and restaurants, for three decades.The arrangement allows the airport “to shift the risk for cost and schedule for the very complicated construction” to the public-private partnership, Alex Renteria, an airport spokeswoman, said in an email.Eliot Lees, vice president and managing director of aviation for ICF, a professional consulting, technology and marketing firm, said that attracting new air service was a major priority for airports. That might mean extra revenue for airports from additional flights and an increase in spending by passengers.Still, private terminals require the same level of maintenance as their publicly owned counterparts. Passengers at Terminal 4 at Kennedy Airport discovered that in January 2018 after a snowstorm caused bottlenecks and delayed flights. A water main break at the terminal prolonged the recovery.Roel Huinink, the president and chief executive of the Schiphol Group subsidiary that owns the terminal, said the water main had been repaired. The terminal also did a full risk analysis to make sure the problem did not reoccur, Mr. Huinink said.Still, a private terminal cannot expect a public bailout if things do not work out financially. And because it is so difficult to leave and re-enter the concourse, a passenger is hostage to the airport and whoever is running it, said Mr. Harteveldt, the industry analyst.ISLAMABAD, Pakistan — Prime Minister Imran Khan of Pakistan has introduced an ambitious poverty alleviation plan that he says would help the country’s poorest gain better access to health care, education, and employment.Mr. Khan said his government would allocate 80 billion rupees — more than half a billion dollars — for an anti-poverty plan known as “Ehsas,” or Empathy, and raise it to 120 billion rupees by 2021.“No Pakistani government has spent so much money on alleviating poverty in the past,” Mr. Khan said Wednesday during a ceremony in Islamabad, the capital. “The government has launched a war against poverty.”Pakistan has an estimated population of 207.2 million people, almost a quarter of whom live below the poverty line, according to the World Bank.Fighting poverty was a central issue of his campaign when he won the general elections in July. But implementing that promise — and particularly the Ehsas plan, which is at its heart the establishment of a welfare state — will be exceptionally difficult, given the country’s economic crisis.Pakistan is facing a worsening balance-of-payments crisis and is in talks with the International Monetary Fund for a bailout package. Pakistan has also looked for financial support from China, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.The I.M.F. has said that Pakistan has low international reserves and a high fiscal and current account deficit. Talks between Pakistan and the I.M.F. have continued for months and are now at the final stages, officials said.Despite the challenges, Mr. Khan insisted that the welfare program should proceed. “I know the economic conditions are difficult,” Mr. Khan said.The program would include extensive aid so that the poor could afford health care, and would include easier loan terms for families seeking to build or buy homes. The plan also includes several economic empowerment measures for women, including savings accounts and mobile phones for an estimated 5.7 million poor women.Mr. Khan has proposed a constitutional amendment that would make basic necessities such as food, housing, education and health care a fundamental right. The amendment would require the approval of Parliament.Analysts were skeptical that much of the program could be enacted. But many praised Mr. Khan for at least focusing national attention on the country’s poverty.“In his first address to the nation, Mr. Khan surprised many critics when he spoke at length about nutrition, child protection, education and maternal and neonatal health,” said Mosharraf Zaidi, a public policy analyst. “In launching the Ehsas anti-poverty plan, he has given concrete shape to his longstanding human development ambitions.”“With an unprecedented shortfall in tax collection and a major new incoming I.M.F. program, the freedom to spend public funds on the poor will likely be even more curtailed,” Mr. Zaidi added. “How P.M. Khan manages to balance between his pro-poor instincts and the shrinking wallet available to him will be crucial to the initial success of Ehsas.”Decades before entering to office, Mr. Khan, a former cricket star who made philanthropy a central part of his public appeal, led an effort to finance and build the country’s first dedicated cancer hospital, which treats poor patients for free. In his speech on Wednesday, he pointed out that at the time of its inception, no one thought the hospital campaign could work.“If I had gone by logic, I would never have been able to complete this project,” he said, referring to the cancer hospital.“When a nation decides to help its poor, God finds ways for it to succeed. The real thing is to have honest intentions,” Mr. Khan said. “It is my belief that, God willing, one day you will see that we would be successful in eradicating poverty.”“I also want to give a modern day example of China,” Mr. Khan added. “Who would have thought 30 years ago that a country could pull 700 million people out of poverty? It has never happened in the world’s history.”During a visit to China last year, Mr. Khan had said that he was keen to emulate the Chinese example of development and was learning from its experiences.In announcing his anti-poverty plan, Mr. Khan said that by December the government would complete a new nationwide poverty survey that would help identify the most vulnerable and disadvantaged. He has announced the formation of a new ministry that would bring different social welfare programs under one umbrella.For women, who face extensive religious, social and economic barriers to advancement in Pakistan, Mr. Khan also envisioned a campaign to provide goats and hens to rural women to help with both food security and personal income sources. The plan also provides financial support to those widows who have no sources of income.Mr. Khan also said 50 percent of women would receive scholarships and education vouchers.The government, he said, “will ensure that the invisible but hard work of rural women is recognized, that they have equal wages, and that domestic work is covered under legislation.”The plan also includes a partnership with aid groups to support street children, transgender people and daily-wage workers. And it would feature new availability for cash grants and pensions, and higher government spending on education and health care.“There isn’t a single formula to eradicate poverty,” Mr. Khan said. “Many steps have to be taken.”For quite a few years I have argued that the greatest values in wine are found around $15 to $20 a bottle. For just as long, I have heard the persistent objection that $15 to $20 is too much to spend for a bottle of wine, and the suggestion that I instead focus on wines that are $8 to $10.Inevitably, somebody always chimes in that the canny French, who are born knowing about wine, never spend more than 5 euros a bottle.I’m not one to advise anybody on how they should construct a budget. It’s not hard to find bottles in the $8-to-$10 range. These wines will be sound. They will be solid. But for the most part they will not be particularly interesting or distinctive.Finding those extra dimensions, in my experience, requires spending a little extra. I wish that were not so, but it is the truth.What do you get? In this latest round of 20 Under $20, I picked up a beautiful sparkling wine from the Savoie region of France, a gorgeous Barbera d’Alba, an exceptional sémillon from the Margaret River in Western Australia, five excellent American bottles, a lovely fino sherry and three very different rieslings, each superb.Many of the people who object to my suggested price range have found cheaper wines that they like. These are generally bottles produced in the millions, like La Vieille Ferme, a straightforward, unpretentious blend available in red, white or rosé from the southern Rhône Valley that costs less than $8 a bottle and can be found just about anywhere.Don’t get me wrong, La Vieille Ferme and wines like it are fine. You cannot do much better for the price, and you can do a lot worse. But these are not transporting wines. You are not likely to wonder where they come from, where those flavors have been all your life or what sort of people made that wine.As for those French people, forgive me for dispelling the myth that the French are all in on some colossal joke about the money other people spend on wine. Visit any French supermarket and you will find a universe of wretched bottles for around 5 euros each, and plenty of French consumers who are happy to buy them.The fact is that most French people, like most Americans, do not want to spend much on wine and are happy with what they drink, even if critics do not think much of these bottles. But a smaller group of consumers wants something more, and these avid wine lovers are willing to spend a little extra.These 20 bottles, from eight countries on four continents, are for them. And they are for everybody else, too. If $20 seems too much, consider it an occasional splurge. You may conclude that these wines still are not worth the money, or you may find them exciting enough to begin restructuring the budget.Nothing in principle is wrong with large-scale wine production. Some of the greatest wines of all are made in quantity. Château Lafite-Rothschild, the legendary Pauillac, produces about a half-million bottles a year, while Dom Pérignon, the great Champagne, is said to make a couple of million bottles a year. Even at that scale, they are works of great craftsmanship. Inexpensive wines are generally able to be so cheap because of technological manipulations, automation and economies of scale, which in most cases cannot help but compromise quality.Most of the wines on the list that follows are small-production, made by dedicated producers using traditional practices, without compromise or labor-saving automation. The question is not “Why are they so expensive?” It is “Why don’t they cost more?” That’s a pretty good definition of value.For those who are frustrated that they cannot find all these wines, there are good reasons that may be true. I can’t change that. But I can make the following suggestions (which I hope will be helpful) for finding a wine of value:Find the best wine shop near you, even if it is not the most convenient.View these 20 bottles not as a hard-and-fast list but as an outline of types to seek out. If your merchant does not have one, maybe she can suggest an analogous bottle. Dozens of them are out there.Use internet tools like wine-searcher.com to help you find bottles.Don’t be bound by vintages.Do not underestimate vicarious pleasure. There is great value to knowing these bottles are out there, even if not immediately available. Think of it as if you are bookmarking a particularly intriguing recipe or a review of a restaurant in another city. You may not be able to cook the dish right away, or get to that restaurant this week. But you may find an opportunity in a few months or next year, and if you see that bottle on the list, you have most likely found yourself a deal.The Winter 20 Under $20ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesOddero Barbera d’Alba 2014 $16.96This is a beautiful Barbera d’Alba from an excellent Barolo producer, full of the grape’s typical bright fruit flavors and lively acidity. It is bracing, delicious and unblemished by oak flavors. Though it’s verging on five years old, it’s absolutely fresh. The 2015s are also on the shelves, and I’ll warrant they are just as good. (Polaner Selections, Mount Kisco, N.Y.)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesHapps Margaret River Sémillon 2014 $16.96Sémillon is one of Australia’s unsung heroes. Those already in on its distinctiveness prize the long-aging expression from the Hunter Valley, but this one comes from Margaret River, all the way on Australia’s West Coast. Sémillon is what often gives texture and body to white Bordeaux. This one from Happs, already more than four years old, is not an extravagantly scented wine, but subtle, nutlike, silky, herbal and richly mineral, and a pleasure to roll around in the mouth. (Little Peacock, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesLambert de Seyssel Petit Royal Seyssel Methode Traditionelle NV $19.99Seyssel, deep in the Savoie region in eastern France, is barely known beyond its borders. That’s also true of the grapes, molette and altesse, that go into this lightly floral sparkling wine. It is made much as Champagne is, undergoing a second fermentation in the bottle, and is aged for two years before release. The result is delightful and refreshing. (Kermit Lynch Wine Merchant, Berkeley, Calif.)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesRaúl Pérez Bierzo Ultreia Saint Jacques Mencía 2016 $19.99The mencías from Bierzo tend to be richer than those of Ribeira Sacra, and this, from one of Spain’s finest winemakers, is no exception. It’s complex and energetic, with intense, lingering flavors of spicy fruit. Serve with lamb chops or beef. (Skurnik Wines, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesFernando de Castilla Fino Classic Dry $19.99Good fino sherry is a wine for all seasons. It’s always refreshing, yet its penetrating flavors sometimes have a density that can warm the soul on a cold night. This is one of those, from a great small producer. Its unvarnished almond flavors seem to go on and on. A remarkable value. (David Bowler Wine, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesKeller Rheinhessen Riesling Trocken 2017 $19.99German riesling is among the world’s most thrilling wines, and because only a small but steady fraction of the wine-buying public realizes this, great values abound, particularly among dry cuvées. Klaus-Peter Keller is one of the leading producers who have helped to revive the Rheinhessen region. This entry-level wine offers gentle fruit and floral flavors galvanized by rippling acidity. Delicious. (Petit Pois/Sussex Wines, Moorestown, N.J.)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesDr. Bürklin-Wolf Pfalz Wachenheimer Dry Riesling 2016 $19.99By contrast to the Keller, the Bürklin-Wolf, from a long-established producer in the Pfalz, is leaner and more linear, with a savory, salty edge and pulsing with almost electric minerality. Old, single-vineyard Bürklin-Wolfs are among the best dry German rieslings I’ve ever had. This is a good introduction to the style. (Verity Wine Partners, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesEmpire Estate Finger Lakes Dry Riesling 2017 $17.99You can never have enough riesling. At least, that’s what I believe. It’s especially interesting to compare the German rieslings with this one, from the Finger Lakes of New York. It’s a little softer, less mineral and more floral, with citrus and peach flavors, but still with a spine of the acidity for which riesling is famous. The Finger Lakes is now arguably the best American region for riesling, and this is a delicious example.ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesLa Palazzetta di Flavio Fanti Rosso di Montalcino 2016 $19.96This is a big, powerful, generous wine with flavors of bright cherry that seem to overflow the glass. The fruit is tempered by plenty of the sangiovese grape’s characteristic acidity, a slight but welcome bitterness and dusty, focusing tannins. A fine winter red for cold nights and warm stews. (T. Edward Wines, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesSidónio de Sousa Bairrada Reserva Tinto 2015 $18.99Wines from the Bairrada region, particularly the reds made with the baga grape, are among Portugal’s most exciting bottles and best values. While baga can be made in a light and fruity style that I would gladly guzzle in the summer, this bottle from Sidónio de Sousa, an excellent family producer who ages the wine for about 18 months in 100-year-old oak barrels, is sturdier and more tannic. Open this with a juicy roast or a plate of sausages. (NLC Wines, Brooklyn, N.Y.)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesDomaine Bru-Baché Jurançon Sec 2015 $19.99I love the white wines of the far southwest of France regions like Irouléguy and Jurançon, the source of this wine. It’s made purely of biodynamically farmed gros manseng, which, with its sibling petit manseng, is vastly underappreciated. This wine is bone dry, with flavors that remind me of spiced apricots, if you can imagine such a thing. (Kermit Lynch Wine Merchant)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesBonny Doon Vineyard Clos de Gilroy Monterey County Grenache 2017 $16.96The focus of Bonny Doon is increasingly on the wines from its Popelouchum Vineyard, which have been fascinating. But it continues to offer greatest hits, made from purchased grapes, like the perennially winning Clos de Gilroy, a Monterey grenache made with a blessedly light hand. With its flavors of red fruit and earth, this wine is thirst-quenching and goes down easy.ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesRogue Vine Itata Valley Grand Itata Blanco 2016 $19.96Southern Chile gets far less attention than the famous regions of the center and north, but with stands of old vines and interesting terroirs, southern regions like the Itata Valley have great potential. This wine is 55 percent of moscatel, most likely a synonym for muscat of Alexandria, and 45 percent riesling. It’s exuberantly floral and exotically fruity, and bone-dry and earthy on the palate. Rogue is a partnership between Leonardo Erazo, the winemaker at the excellent Altos Las Hormigas in Mendoza, Argentina, and Justin Decker, a wine enthusiast from Indiana who moved to Chile. (Brazos Wine Imports, Brooklyn, N.Y.)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesBroadside Paso Robles Margarita Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon 2016 $19.96The Broadside Margarita is an old favorite, a great value year in and year out. This is cabernet sauvignon that tastes like cabernet used to taste, darkly fruity but with discernible herbal aromas and flavors that are essential to the complete cabernet experience. The 2016 is perhaps a bit riper than other vintages, with maybe a touch of oak, but it’s balanced and lovely.ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesGuillaume Clusel Coteaux du Lyonnais Traboules 2017 $18.99The hills outside Lyon, just north of the Rhône Valley, are home to a light, juicy red made from the gamay grape. This excellent example from Guillaume Clusel of the fine Côte-Rôtie producer Clusel-Roch, is aromatic and pure, simple, direct and just plain delicious. (A Daniel Johnnes Wine/Grand Cru Selections, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesDomaine Filliatreau Saumur Champigny 2016 $19.96The reds of the Loire Valley are almost always great values, particularly those from Saumur Champigny, a region that was once taken lightly but has shown great improvement in the last few decades. This is 100 percent cabernet franc, grown on limestone and clay. It’s on the easy end of the scale, with just a touch of a tannic spine, dry on the palate with flavors of earthy red fruits and flowers. (Louis/Dressner Selections, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesGrifalco Aglianico del Vulture Gricos 2016 $19.96Aglianico, the great red grape of southern Italy, thrives most famously in the volcanic soils of Campania, but it’s just as good and sometimes even better when grown in the soils of the extinct Vulture volcano in Basilicata. This bottle from Grifalco, made with organic grapes, is rich, floral and deeply mineral. (SoilAir Selection, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesChâteau Massereau Bordeaux Supérieur 2016 $19.99The Bordeaux Supérieur appellation, counterintuitively, is not always superior, but this one is superb. It’s naturally made, old-school Bordeaux, 60 percent merlot and 30 percent cabernet sauvignon, with the rest split between cabernet franc and petit verdot. It’s sturdy rather than soft, with pronounced leafy, herbal flavors that give it a pure, savory, lip-smacking character. (Camille Rivière Selection/Fruit of the Vines, Long Island City, N.Y.)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesL’Umami Willamette Valley Pinot Noir 2017 $19.99I’m always a little suspicious when companies try to capitalize on voguish terms like “Hang Time” or “L’Umami” by transforming them into brand names, but this is straight-ahead good Willamette Valley pinot noir: dry, earthy, floral and berry-scented. So forgive the marketing transgressions and just enjoy the wine.ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesFoxglove Paso Robles Zinfandel 2015 $16.99For a world that’s gotten used to jammy, ultraripe zinfandel, this is a refresher course reminding us that zinfandel made in a more restrained fashion can be fresh, exuberant and spicy. Foxglove is perennially a source of good values from the Central Coast of California. It’s the second label of Bob and Jim Varner, who make fine chardonnays and pinot noirs from the Santa Cruz Mountains.Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook and Pinterest. Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.Did you apply for undergraduate admission this year and write an application essay about money, work, social class or other related topics? If so, we’d like to see it.Since 2013, we have collected hundreds of essays like this each year and published some of ones we love each May. You can read the five we selected last year here.Nearly anything goes: Tales of family fortunes gained or squandered, musings on the state of socioeconomic diversity in your community, summer jobs, start-ups, struggle and triumph. Last year, one high school senior wrote about her experiences preparing other people’s tax returns. In 2014, a teenage McDonald’s employee wrote about his work. Please submit your essays to us by Friday, April 5, using the form on this page. Instagram and Snapchat supplements are welcome, though they are not at all required. We’ll publish essays in May and pay the writers our normal freelance rate.SÃO PAULO, Brazil — Cleuzenir Barbosa, a retired teacher, was fed up with Brazil’s corrupt politics. She was also an avid supporter of Jair Bolsonaro, the far-right politician who won the presidency last year on the promise to clean up the capital.So when a member of Mr. Bolsonaro’s party asked her to run for a state legislature seat, she was ecstatic — so ecstatic, Ms. Barbosa said, that she did not stop to consider why the party would be interested in a candidate like her, a community organizer with no political experience.“It was all perfect, I couldn’t believe it,” Ms. Barbosa said in a telephone interview. “I was full of expectations of a new way of doing things, full of plans.”Now, prosecutors are investigating whether the candidacy of Ms. Barbosa and at least four other women who ran as part of Mr. Bolsonaro’s party represented a new take on illegal campaign financing, a form of corruption with deep roots in Brazilian politics.Mr. Bolsonaro’s conservative Social Liberal Party, or P.S.L., is one of at least five parties being investigated by prosecutors for enlisting obscure female candidates in order to tap money from a taxpayer-financed electoral fund meant to increase the number of women in politics.The party leaders are suspected of then asking the women to kick back the money, which would be used to promote men. No charges have been filed.The scandal has led to the ouster of one of Mr. Bolsonaro’s cabinet members and has left a second one teetering, calling into question the president’s commitment to cleaning up Brazilian politics.It comes at a vulnerable moment in his presidency, when his popularity ratings are plummeting and his government is struggling to get signature proposals — overhauls of the penal code and the social security system — through Congress.It has also drawn attention to how unequal men’s and women’s participation in politics remains in Brazil, which lags behind nearly all of its Latin American neighbors in the number of women in office.Worldwide, Brazil ranks 133 out of 193 countries in terms of female representation in legislative bodies, below Jordan and just above Bhutan, Chad and Egypt.Taking advantage of resources aimed at promoting greater female representation has fueled anger even among the P.S.L. party faithful.“All of the embezzlement needs to be investigated, but I am particularly indignant about information that women were used,” said Janaína Paschoal, an outspoken conservative who ran on the P.S.L. ticket in São Paulo and was elected a state legislator. “Those possibly involved need to be removed from office.”Although several parties are under investigation by prosecutors, the P.S.L. has come under particular scrutiny because Mr. Bolsonaro is the president and ran as an alternative to the corrupt parties that had been in power.“The fact that the P.S.L. is falling back on old political tricks is not that surprising,” said Monica de Bolle, a Brazilian economist who heads the Latin American studies program at Johns Hopkins University. “But the female aspect is really important.”For Ms. Barbosa, it all started with an unexpected call from a politician from the president’s party, who asked if she wanted to run for office.She drove 14 hours from her home in Governador Valadares to the capital, Brasília. There she was greeted by the crème da la crème of the P.S.L., and formally invited to be a candidate by Marcelo Henrique Teixeira Dias, then the regional president of the party.Mr. Bolsonaro himself recorded a short video for her campaign.“This year, without a doubt, is her year!” Mr. Bolsonaro said in the message, flashing a thumbs-up as a slightly bewildered-looking Ms. Barbosa stood next to him.She was enthusiastic, she said: “At first, it all went according to script.”But as the October election approached, she began to realize local party leaders were showing more interest in the campaign funds allocated to her as a female candidate than to her proposals.Come October, Mr. Bolsonaro won the presidency. But Ms. Barbosa, disillusioned, filed a formal complaint with public prosecutors in December, accusing party leaders of trying to use her candidacy to siphon money to male candidates.That helped instigate a broader investigation into the matter and presented a significant challenge to Mr. Bolsonaro’s recently formed administration.Deeply entrenched attitudes help keep women out of politics in Brazil, despite progressive laws intended to change that.For the last decade, the country has required that 30 percent of each party’s candidates be women, but that has done little to boost the participation of women in state and national legislatures.Parties often ran female candidates — as required — but gave them little or no resources. In some cases, the women were surprised to learn they were on the ballot.In local elections in 2016, more than 18,000 names on ballots did not receive any votes — suggesting they were likely “ghost” candidates. Of those, 86 percent were women.A law passed before the most recent elections demanded that parties allocate at least 30 percent of taxpayer-financed electoral funds to women. Yet many female candidates still performed poorly, with the proportion of women lawmakers inching up to 15 percent from 11 percent.Mr. Bolsonaro, who is notorious for misogynist comments he made as a congressman, has shrugged off the imbalance.On International Women’s Day, he joked that his government had achieved gender parity for the first time in Brazil’s history, because each of the two female ministers in the 22-member cabinet was “equivalent to 10 men.”On the same day in neighboring Argentina, which ranks 18 out of 193 countries in terms of female participation in Congress, President Mauricio Macri signed a law that requires that half of each party’s candidates be women.When the newspaper Folha de S. Paulo first broke the story that some P.S.L. leaders appeared to have used women as ghost candidates, Mr. Bolsonaro fired one of his top aides, Secretary General Gustavo Bebianno. As the president of the party, Mr. Bebianno was responsible for the distribution of campaign funds.Mr. Bebianno denies any wrongdoing and says all of the funding allocations were approved by electoral authorities.Ms. Barbosa said that immediately after receiving $16,000 from the electoral fund, P.S.L. operators ordered her to transfer most of the money to specific accounts.She said she refused, and sent numerous complaints to the regional party president, Mr. Teixeira Dias, as well as handing over relevant bank statements and WhatsApp messages to the authorities.In a written statement, Mr. Teixeira Dias, who is now the tourism minister, denied any knowledge of the misuse of campaign funds.“It is necessary to wait to see what is real and what is not real,” said Justice Minister Sergio Moro, a former federal judge who built a reputation for zealously prosecuting corrupt politicians.Ms. Barbosa said she doesn’t hold Mr. Bolsonaro responsible. But just three days after going to the police, she packed her bags and moved to Portugal, where she is seeking political asylum.“In Brazil, women who denounce their husbands for abuse are killed and politicians who denounce corruption end up dead,” she said. “Anybody who is a whistle-blower is vulnerable.”Good Monday. (Want this ny email? Sign up here.)Aramco lifts the curtain on its huge profitsSaudi Aramco began a road show to pitch prospective investors on a $10 billion bond offering, providing a peek into the state-owned oil company’s books — and showing how incredibly profitable it is.Aramco made $111.1 billion in profit last year, according to data provided to credit ratings agencies. That means it was the world’s most profitable company in 2018, Bloomberg notes, making more than Apple and Alphabet combined.The company produced 13.6 million barrels of oil equivalent a day last year, which far surpasses any other producer, such as Royal Dutch Shell or BP.The disclosures finally shed light on the oil company’s finances and operations. (They were necessary as part of the bond offering that will support Aramco’s $69 billion deal to buy control of a Saudi chemical company, Sabic.)Credit ratings agencies were impressed. Moody’s assigned Aramco’s bonds an A1 rating (though still below the Aaa that it gave to Exxon Mobil). The agency said the biggest risk to the rating was any downgrade to Saudi Arabia’s own financial picture.Mark Zuckerberg wants Facebook regulated, on his termsFacebook’s C.E.O. wrote an opinion piece for the WaPo on Saturday laying out how he believes his company should be treated. His top policy executive, Nick Clegg, echoed its points in an interview with Politico. Here’s how Mike Isaac of the NYT reads between the lines:• Harmful content. Mr. Zuckerberg called for lawmakers to decide “what counts as terrorist propaganda, hate speech and more.” By adhering to the letter of the law, Facebook can effectively shield itself from blame if something goes awry.• Election protection. “Our systems would be more effective if regulation created common standards for verifying political actors,” Mr. Zuckerberg wrote. That would serve Facebook well, Mr. Isaac writes: “When the next erroneous outburst inevitably occurs, Facebook could point toward the law it was forced to follow.”• Privacy and data protection issues. “I believe it would be good for the internet if more countries adopted regulation such as G.D.P.R. as a common framework,” Mr. Zuckerberg wrote, referring to Europe’s data protection rule. If laws are enacted to limit data collection in the future, Mr. Isaac notes, Facebook might be able to squash smaller competitors.• Data portability. “Regulation should guarantee the principle of data portability,” Mr. Zuckerberg wrote. Facebook claims its users would be able to freely take their information from one network to the next, Mr. Isaac says. But in reality, data portability could help the company combine its platforms, which include Instagram and WhatsApp.More: Facebook will start explaining why people are being shown content in their news feed. The company “mistakenly deleted” many of Mr. Zuckerberg’s old posts. And lawmakers in Australia and New Zealand want to ban “weaponized” social media.How the U.S. and China could undercut their trade dealAs the two countries nudge ever closer to striking an agreement, Ana Swanson and Keith Bradsher of the NYT explain how one of its key tenets could undercut Washington’s vision:• “Any agreement seems certain to involve China’s promise to purchase hundreds of billions of dollars of American goods. For Mr. Trump, this is an essential element that will help reduce the United States’ record trade deficit with China.”• “But those purchases will be ordered by the Chinese state, and most will be carried out by state-controlled Chinese businesses, further cementing Beijing’s role in managing its economy and potentially making United States industries even more beholden to the Chinese.”“Both sides are trying to iron out an agreement by next week, to coincide with a visit to Washington by Liu He, the Chinese special envoy charged with negotiating the deal,” Ms. Swanson and Mr. Bradsher write. The goal is reportedly “to have an agreement by the end of that meeting, with a signing ceremony between Mr. Trump and President Xi Jinping of China potentially later this month.”But there are still sticking points. “Those include how an agreement will be monitored and enforced, and how many of Mr. Trump’s tariffs come off and when,” according to Ms. Swanson and Mr. Bradsher.Lyft went public. Here’s who won.The ride-hailing company began trading on the public markets on Friday, with its stock closing up about 9 percent. But the file of winners is bigger than just those who bought into the stock before it listed:• Gig economy start-ups. Lyft showed that there’s interest in the public markets for companies that rely on part-time employees. (But the big question is still whether they can ever make money.)• The Golden State, truly. Lyft’s success bodes well for its home state, California, which is set to collect a capital-gains tax bonanza from the tech companies planning to go public this year. Alejandro Lazo of the WSJ reports that the state is already expected to draw nearly 10 percent of its revenue for the next fiscal year from tech I.P.O.s — a figure that could grow if the offerings perform better than expected.• Uber. The world’s largest ride-hailing company will probably be heartened by Lyft’s success. One unnamed investor told the FT that a $120 billion valuation for Uber now “doesn’t look too unreasonable.”Who didn’t win: Anyone who bought shares in Lyft after it listed on the Nasdaq.More: Meet the V.C.s who are expected to be big winners from the coming wave of tech I.P.O.s.Lawmakers try to take control of Brexit, againAfter rejecting Prime Minister Theresa May’s withdrawal deal for a third time on Friday, British lawmakers will attempt again to come up with an alternative.Parliament will vote on options later today. There are eight proposals, none of which won a majority when they were voted on last week. John Bercow, the speaker of the House of Commons, may trim down the options, which could force cohesion around a plan. Mrs. May continues to scramble. The FT reports that she is considering a fourth vote on her deal, while she grapples with a breakdown of trust inside her Conservative Party.If Parliament remains deadlocked, Britain faces a choice: Leave the European Union without a deal on April 12, or ask Brussels for another extension.There is a feeling of anger and embarrassment. “In interviews, many Britons expressed despair over the inability of the political system to produce a compromise,” Ellen Barry and Benjamin Mueller of the NYT write. “No one feels that the government has represented their interests. No one is satisfied. No one is hopeful. It has amounted to a hollowing out of confidence in democracy itself.”More:  There is at least one Brexit winner in Britain: the corporate law industry, which is profiting from companies trying to prepare.Was Jeff Bezos’ phone hacked?The Amazon chief’s security consultant accused the Saudi government of gaining unauthorized access to Mr. Bezos’ phone, Karen Weise of the NYT reports:• “In an opinion article in The Daily Beast on Saturday, Gavin de Becker, Mr. Bezos’ security chief, alleged the Saudis wanted to hurt Mr. Bezos because he owns The Washington Post. The Post has aggressively reported on the murder of Jamal Khashoggi, one of its columnists, who was killed last year in Turkey.”• “Mr. de Becker’s claims about the Saudis are difficult to verify and raise many questions. Throughout his article, the security consultant was vague on details.”• “On Sunday, American Media Inc., the parent company of The National Enquirer, which first reported earlier this year that Mr. Bezos was having an extramarital affair, issued a statement denying ‘the false and unsubstantiated claims of Mr. de Becker.’ ”New York plans America’s first congestion pricing planState lawmakers reached a $175 billion budget deal over the weekend. It promises sweeping changes to the way New Yorkers commute, shop and live, the NYT reports.Congestion pricing — a first in the U.S. — will subject vehicles traveling below 60th Street in Manhattan to a toll. The revenue will go toward the subway and other transportation projects. Specifics, like what the charge will be, have been deferred to other authorities.The state also banned single-use plastic shopping bags, following California and Hawaii.But it dropped plans for a recurring “pied-à-terre tax” of 5 percent on the value of high-end second homes, after opposition from the real estate industry. Instead, lawmakers adopted a “mansion tax” and a real estate transfer tax, two one-time charges that would top out at 4.15 percent on the sale of properties worth at least $25 million.Revolving doorThe Louis Dreyfus Company reportedly ousted Gonzalo Ramírez Martiarena as C.E.O. after he started holding deal talks with rivals.Alok Sama, the C.F.O. of SoftBank’s international arm, is reportedly leaving the Japanese tech giant.The speed readDeals• The activist hedge fund Starboard Value has dropped its campaign against Bristol-Myers Squibb’s deal to buy Celgene. (CNBC)• The talent agency Endeavor is reportedly preparing an I.P.O. later this year. (WSJ)• Vivendi withdrew a motion to replace directors of Telecom Italia, conceding defeat to Elliott Management. (Bloomberg)• Jonathan Lavine, a managing partner of Bain Capital, worries that private equity firms are piling too much debt onto their deals. (FT)• European lenders are starting to grow wary of giving money to WeWork. (Bloomberg)Politics and policy• President Trump reportedly thinks that a lawsuit to overturn the Affordable Care Act — which his administration is backing — will fail. (Axios)• A federal judge ruled against the White House’s plan to open up the Arctic Ocean for oil drilling. (NYT)• Joe Biden scrambled to defend himself after a former Nevada lawmaker accused him of inappropriately kissing and touching her. (NYT)• Senator Elizabeth Warren has lost her presidential campaign’s finance director after a disagreement over abandoning big-ticket donors. (NYT)• Mr. Trump reportedly wants to “save” Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s seat on the Supreme Court for Amy Coney Barrett, a conservative federal judge who opposes abortion. (Axios)Boeing• The inquiry into the fatal Ethiopian Airlines crash is said to believe a faulty anti-stall sensor was to blame. (NYT)• “Pitch up, pitch up”: the final minutes of the doomed flight. (WSJ)• U.S. and Ethiopian investigators are reportedly clashing over the investigation. (WSJ)Tech• The initial coin offering market has ground to a halt. (WSJ)• Google has stopped serving ads in China for two websites that help bypass censorship. Skeptics say the move is an attempt to appeal to Beijing. (FT)• Alphabet’s A.I. subsidiary, DeepMind, is readying its first commercial product: a device that will diagnose some complex eye diseases in real time. (FT)• Some consumers are accusing Tesla of using upselling tricks to move more expensive cars. (Quartz)Best of the rest• Michael Avenatti has taken on many high-profile legal fights, but his biggest yet is his own court case. (NYT)• How the financier Morrie Tobin became the whistle-blower in the college admissions scandal. (LAT)• A federal judge wants to limit PG&E’s dividends to force the utility to reduce the risk of causing California wildfires. (WSJ)• How tens of thousands of far-right extremists helped swindle $1 billion from the federal government. (NYT)• Burger King is introducing a meat-free “Impossible Whopper.” (NYT)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you tomorrow.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com.After Kanye and Adidas, and Rihanna and Puma; after Questlove and Nike, and Kendrick Lamar and Reebok, it was only a matter of time. And on Thursday, the first lady of Everything, Beyoncé Knowles, entered the sneaker wars.Adidas announced that it would collaborate with Ms. Knowles on several endeavors, including a signature collection with Adidas and an expansion of the singer’s active-wear brand, Ivy Park. She will be a creative partner at Adidas.In a statement, Ms. Knowles called the coming collaboration the “partnership of a lifetime” and touted a shared philosophy “that puts creativity, growth and social responsibility at the forefront of business.”The pop star and entrepreneur will retain ownership of Ivy Park, which was introduced in 2016 in partnership with Topshop and sells comfort wear and athleisure at retailers including Nordstrom. In 2018, Ms. Knowles acquired full ownership of the company after Sir Philip Green, Topshop’s owner, was accused of racial abuse and sexual harassment.Little financial information about Ivy Park is available, and it is unclear how successful the brand has been. It was immediately popular upon its release in 2016. On Thursday, its website had been altered to broadcast the Adidas partnership.The Beyoncé/Adidas collaboration is perhaps the most notable partnership between a superstar and a sports brand yet, and it indicates the consumer and social power that can be derived from such cross-branding. It is also a tribute to the lane Rihanna paved in 2014 when she became a creative director and global ambassador at Puma, back when it was still a novel idea that an entertainer might lend her name to a company best known for athletic apparel. (Rihanna parted ways with Puma and is now said to be working with LVMH on her own luxury brand.)Championing women and girls has become a key part of Adidas’s public relations strategy. This month, the company announced a new phase of its “She Breaks Barriers” initiative, which highlights the lack of equal media coverage for women’s sports in the United States. Ms. Knowles has positioned herself as a political voice for black Americans and for women, including through her musical examination of her marriage and her 2018 Coachella performance, which gave a platform to historically black colleges. She will amplify these messages, and those Adidas has already pushed, by giving the company her imprimatur.“Beyoncé is an iconic creator but also a proven business leader, and together, we have the ability to inspire change and empower the next generation of creators,” said Eric Liedtke, a member of the executive board of Adidas AG.Adidas’s “multilayered” partnership with Ms. Knowles will include a program whose resources will be given over to “the next generation of athletes, creators and leaders.”Last July, Forbes estimated that Ms. Knowles was worth $355 million, citing her most recent solo album, “Lemonade,” her million-dollar-grossing tour with her husband Jay-Z and the value of her stake in his streaming service, Tidal. El Espace is a column dedicated to news and culture relevant to Latinx communities. Expect politics, arts, analysis, personal essays and more. ¿Lo mejor? It’ll be in Spanish and English, so you can forward it to your tía, your primo Lalo or anyone else (read: everyone).In elementary school, I won a $100 savings bond in an essay contest. “Guardalo,” my dad said, explaining that the longer I kept it, the more valuable it would become. I tucked it into an old journal and mostly forgot about it. In hindsight, it was the first time I made money from writing, and I should have valued it more, but I was disappointed not to have cold, hard cash. I had no understanding of saving or compound interest back then. My family’s needs were immediate: food, clothes, rent. I wasn’t saving, except maybe for some candy. In general, financial literacy among Latino communities is lower than that of the average adult in the United States, particularly among first generation immigrants, most of whom are scraping by on low-paying jobs.“If you are living within a certain amount of economic insecurity, you are not worried about 59 and a half, you are worried about next year,” said Ramona Ortega, who started a mission-driven financial technology company, My Money My Future, that teaches financial literacy and provides personal finance tools to millennials of color. The result is a tendency to keep money in cash (sometimes at home, which Ortega calls “so risky”) so it’s easily accessible and, also, a general disinclination toward investing, which is crucial to building wealth. “People don’t buy what they don’t know,” Ortega said, and for Latinos and black families, that’s meant a historical reliance on real estate as their primary form of investment. This backfired during the housing crisis, when families of color (and Latinos in particular) were hardest hit, losing more than 50 percent of their net worth; whites, by comparison, only experienced a 16 percent drop.Millennial Latinos today are better off than their parents. We are more likely to go to college and get a decent job that affords us some disposable income. But the income gap still affects us the most, and many of us never learned to manage money, let alone help it grow.“We often lack the confidence, because we don’t have access to trusted financial advice,” Ortega said. She created My Money My Future to fill that gap. Here, she offers her best personal finance tips for millennials of color. Take that cash out from under your mattress. If you don’t have an emergency fund, set a goal to save $1,000 and build up from there, aiming to have enough to cover three to six months of living expenses, Ortega said. If you already have enough cash to cover incidentals, the rest should be invested. “There is this notion that people who don’t have much money don’t save,” said Ortega, but “The problem is that we are saving, not investing.” Cash sitting at home or in a regular checking or savings account is losing money, Ortega said, because it’s not keeping up with the rate of inflation. Let’s say you have $10,000. Determine how much you need to have readily available to feel secure ($3,000 for instance), put that in a high yield savings account, and invest the rest. “That money should be helping you make money,” she said. She recommends a 401(k), if your company offers it, or a Roth Individual Retirement Account (IRA).Don’t sleep on credit. “It’s true there are bad forms of debt,” Ortega said, like credit card debt that is rolled over month to month. “But good debt allows you to leverage and build wealth.” By good debt, she means credit cards that are paid off every month and on time, as well as federal student loans, which often carry a lower-than-average interest rate. How consistently you pay off these debts determines your credit score, and those who don’t have a good credit score (700 or higher) end up paying more in interest over time, especially on big budget items like a home or a car. When you file your tax returns this year, take the opportunity to request your free annual credit report and do a financial inventory. Look out for errors or old debts you can easily get rid of (like that $60 you still owe your phone company, for example). Budget for family support.“If you are sending remittances home and that is going to be something you do on the monthly, it has to be part of your financial plan,” said Ortega. It can also be a good idea to openly discuss with your siblings how you plan to support your parents, “perhaps setting up a separate account where you all contribute,” she added.A lack of financial literacy education means that many “end up making a ton of money mistakes over a lifetime that are extremely costly,” Ortega said. But investing for the future is “actually what creates financial stability over time.” Let’s secure the bag in 2019, shall we? Here are more stories to read this week. El RoundupWHEN THE NET IS CAST TOO WIDEA recent New York Times Magazine article tells the important story of Alex, a Honduran immigrant who became collateral damage in a crackdown on MS-13 gang members.LOTERÍA 2.0There’s a new version of this classic Mexican game that reimagines the card names: “La Campana,” the bell, has become “El Notification.” La Calavera,” the skull, is now “El Gluten.” “El Paraguas,” the umbrella, has become “El Safe Space.” 😂ABOUT THE WALLEl periodista Jorge Ramos responded to President Trump’s national address on immigration in our Opinion section. “The wall has become a metaphor to Mr. Trump and his millions of supporters. It represents a divide between ‘us’ and ‘them,’” he wrote.SHADES OF BEAUTYDoes skin color influence skin care needs? Some brands are banking on it.La ÑapaThis story about a crop of Afrocentric schools in Brooklyn designed to empower black students gave me all the feels. The U.S. education system has been historically unkind to its students of color — excluding or sanitizing their history, over disciplining black students, showing insensitivity to diverse cultures — but these Afrocentric schools offer parents an alternative space where, in the words of one of the school founders, “You see you.”Do you have suggestions for El Espace? Want to receive it as a newsletter? Let me know: elespace@nytimes.comThere was much to celebrate last spring when Ariel Emanuel, the chief executive of the talent agency Endeavor, helped throw a splashy Hollywood party for Saudi Arabia’s crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman.The soiree, with guests including the Disney chief executive Robert A. Iger, the Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and the former N.B.A. star Kobe Bryant, took place as Saudi Arabia’s government investment fund was completing an agreement to invest $400 million in Mr. Emanuel’s firm. The deal was meant to finance Endeavor’s growth, while diversifying Saudi Arabia’s economy via the talent agency’s work in sports, events, modeling and television and film production.Less than a year after the star-studded party, Endeavor and Saudi Arabia have gone through a messy breakup, set in motion by the murder last October of the Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi.In recent weeks, Mr. Emanuel’s firm returned the $400 million investment, effectively severing Endeavor’s relationship with Saudi leaders, according to two people with knowledge of the transaction.It is one of the few instances of a major company halting business with the wealthy kingdom to protest its agents’ assassination of a journalist.A spokesman for Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund, or PIF, which made the investment in Endeavor, did not respond to repeated requests for comment. Neither did Mr. Emanuel.Prince Mohammed has worked to turn the fund into a global investment giant whose profits can reduce the kingdom’s dependency on oil. On a high-profile tour of the United States last spring, the prince met with politicians, business leaders and celebrities. Many hailed him as a valuable business partner and a potentially transformative figure in the Middle East.On the prince’s American trip, the fund signed deals with the movie-theater company AMC and the amusement-park operator Six Flags to expand into Saudi Arabia. And it completed the investment with Endeavor, an alliance that Prince Mohammed hoped would lift the kingdom’s nascent entertainment sector.Then Mr. Khashoggi’s murder in October led to an international outcry.Richard Branson, founder of the British media and technology conglomerate Virgin Group, suspended talks with the Saudi fund over potential investments in his space-travel businesses. Executives from the private-equity firm Blackstone Group, the ride-sharing service Uber and Goldman Sachs canceled plans to attend a major investment conference in Riyadh, the Saudi capital.Mr. Emanuel joined the chorus. At an industry event in Cannes, France, on Oct. 15, he called the Khashoggi disappearance, about which many details had not yet emerged, “very, very concerning, really concerning. It’s upsetting.”Privately, Mr. Emanuel informed officials with the Saudi fund that he intended to return the $400 million that it had invested. Worried about the Saudi reaction, he began traveling at times with bodyguards, according to a person briefed on the matter.Mr. Emanuel canvassed other investors, including some who already had put money into Endeavor, to help fill the void that would be left when the firm returned the Saudi money, according to the two people familiar with the talks, including one who is an Endeavor investor.The process wrapped up in the past few weeks, with Endeavor investors kicking in money and the company repaying Saudi Arabia.Endeavor’s clean break with the kingdom has made it an outlier in the business community.Despite the American sanctions against 17 Saudis said to have been involved with Mr. Khashoggi’s killing, on top of the public outcry, most of the kingdom’s overseas partnerships have remained intact. Blackstone is using billions of dollars of Saudi money to invest in United States infrastructure projects. The asset manager BlackRock has said it will continue to manage Saudi funds. And Uber and other companies that accepted money from the Saudi government have not indicated any plans to return it.“People still want sovereign wealth fund money,” said Michael Maduell, president of the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute, which provides research on government investment funds.Greg Fairchild, who teaches business ethics at the University of Virginia’s Darden School, said there was a strong argument for corporate leaders to follow Mr. Emanuel’s lead.While it might hurt in the short term, he said, “you can look in the mirror and say, ‘We’re just not involved in that.’”The children of the Saudi dissident Jamal Khashoggi have received tens of thousands of dollars and millions in real estate from the rulers of the kingdom as compensation for the murder of their father by a team of Saudi agents, according to a person close to the family and a former Saudi official familiar with the arrangement.The payments appear to be part of an attempt to deter the Khashoggi children from speaking out against the kingdom’s de facto ruler, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, whom American and other Western intelligence agencies have concluded ordered the killing.Mr. Khashoggi, a Virginia resident and Washington Post columnist, had four adult children, at least two of whom are American citizens. Saudi Arabia has now provided each of the four with a house in the family’s home city of Jidda worth about $4 million in addition to a steady stream of cash payments of $10,000 to $15,000 a month, according to the people familiar with the arrangement. All spoke on condition of anonymity because the arrangement is confidential.The former official said that the crown prince’s father, King Salman, had ordered the payments shortly after he had first learned that Saudi agents had ambushed and killed Mr. Khashoggi, and that the payments were intended as a form of financial support, without conditions, that would continue indefinitely.A current Saudi official compared the arrangement to royal payments to the families of soldiers killed in battle or to Saudis killed in a natural disaster.But the Khashoggi family members also have felt pressure to refrain from criticizing the rulers of the kingdom, several people close to them have said, driven in part by fear of official retaliation against relatives still inside the kingdom. Although the other siblings are now in the United States, Mr. Khashoggi’s eldest son, Salah, still lives primarily in Jidda, where he works as a banker, and after his father’s death he was initially barred for a time from leaving Saudi Arabia.All four of Mr. Khashoggi’s children have privately raged at the royal court over their father’s death, many people who have talked to them have said. But in their few interviews and public statements, all of his children have avoided directing any blame or resentment toward Crown Prince Mohammed and the Saudi royal family.In an interview with CNN last fall, for example, Salah Khashoggi disputed the characterization of his father as a dissident, described him instead as a loyal supporter of the monarchy and accused unnamed critics of the kingdom of exploiting his death “in a political way that we totally don’t agree with.”Mr. Khashoggi’s son Abdullah and daughter Noha did not respond to requests for comment. Neither did William Taylor, a Washington lawyer who has represented the family. The payments were first reported on Monday in The Washington Post.People close to Mr. Khashoggi’s children have said that, although they have now reconciled with one another, his two daughters initially took a more confrontational approach and criticized their brothers as “sellouts” for their willingness to accept the Saudi payments.The brothers’ outlook was more fatalistic, these people said. Mr. Khashoggi’s son Abdullah, for example, complained privately that it was of little use to fight, because the new rulers of the kingdom had both killed his father and taken control, one friend recalled.The family could soon receive additional payments in the form of so-called “blood money” in connection with a trial for Mr. Khashoggi’s murder that is now unfolding in Saudi Arabia.Under pressure from Western governments to hold accountable those responsible for the killing, Saudi Arabia has said that its public prosecutor has charged 11 officers or officials with involvement in the operation. Of those, five face potential death sentences on charges that they played a direct role at the moment when Mr. Khashoggi was killed. (Saudi officials have said he was given a tranquilizer and then suffocated or strangled to death inside a consulate in Istanbul.)The trial, however, may pose a dilemma for the Saudis. A guilty verdict could create the potential appearance of more severe punishment for obedient officers who carried out the operation than for more senior officials who ordered it — a group that may include the crown prince himself.That could send a demoralizing message to other security officers or intelligence agents, or trigger a backlash from the extended families of the accused.But the Saudi legal system sometimes allows the families of killers — or other benefactors who support the families — to pay “blood money” to the relatives of murder victims in exchange for an agreement to relinquish the right to demand the death penalty.If security officers are convicted of the killing, the payment of blood money to the Khashoggis could give the king or crown prince leeway to issue pardons or suspended sentences that could defuse internal dissent.Saudi Arabia has not disclosed the names of those accused or the details of the charges or evidence against them. But in a departure from Saudi custom, some Western diplomats have been allowed to observe sessions of the trial, in an apparent effort to show the world the kingdom is pursuing justice.More than 30 million people in the United States have diabetes. The vast majority of them have Type 2 diabetes. Some of those are testing their blood sugar at home, but the best research is telling us that they don’t need to — that in fact it’s a waste of money.It’s not a small problem. The waste is running into the billions of dollars, and it’s costing all of us money through the health care system.For people with Type 1 diabetes, blood glucose monitoring and insulin administration is the standard of care. Patients need to check their blood sugar a number of times a day, then give themselves insulin to replace what would have been made in the pancreas. Treatment for Type 2 diabetes, however, doesn’t involve these critical calculations of insulin. It’s usually maintained with a pretty regular administration of the same drugs on a set schedule.Self-monitoring for blood glucose, therefore, may be unnecessary for those not on insulin. This has been tested in well-designed studies.The Monitor trial, published two years ago in JAMA Internal Medicine, was a pragmatic trial that took place in 15 primary care practices in North Carolina. Patients with Type 2 non-insulin-treated diabetes were randomly assigned to one of three groups.People in the first group were told to check their blood glucose once a day. People in the second were told to check their blood glucose once a day, and then were given tailored advice depending on the results from the meter. The third group was told not to check blood sugar at all.After one year (a pretty impressive length for a study like this), there were no differences in the hemoglobin A1C levels (the best way to monitor long-term blood glucose control) between the three groups. There were also no differences in the health-related quality of life measures for the patients. There were no differences in the number of times they experienced hypoglycemia, how much care they needed, and how many progressed to the need for insulin.In other words, there were no measurable differences in how patients fared, whether they checked blood sugar or not.This evidence, while the best to date, confirmed what previous work had shown. A 2012 Cochrane review assessed all the randomized controlled trials through 2011 that had investigated how testing for blood glucose at home improved outcomes. It included 12 trials involving more than 3,200 patients. By 12 months, the overall benefit to testing, with respect to lab values, was statistically insignificant. There were never any benefits with respect to patient satisfaction.Still, not everyone is on board. Critics of this most recent trial said it didn’t prove that blood glucose monitoring couldn’t help: It’s possible that with better training, or more attention to detail, there might be ways to make this work.The point of pragmatic comparative effectiveness trials like this, though, is to test how practices work in the real world. In these high-quality primary care practices, even with customized help in interpreting the measurements (which is more than most patients get), testing blood sugar didn’t make a difference.Choosing Wisely, an educational campaign aiming to reduce unnecessary medical tests and procedures, advises against routine home glucose monitoring for patients with Type 2 diabetes who are not on insulin. It says there is no benefit, and that there are potential harms (a study has shown an association with increased anxiety and depression). This argument is supported by the American Academy of Family Physicians, the Society of General Internal Medicine and the Endocrine Society.Of course, there are exceptions. When patients are acutely ill, or changing regimens, or finding that their blood sugar is not well controlled, testing may be appropriate. Such decisions should be made in consultation with a physician.But for most people with Type 2 diabetes not on insulin, testing is inappropriate most of the time. That message is not getting through. At the end of last year, another study was published in JAMA Internal Medicine that quantified the prevalence of glucose testing in adults. Researchers examined a database that contained data on more than 370,000 commercial health insurance and Medicare Advantage beneficiaries who had Type 2 diabetes.Of the more than 23 percent of patients who were using testing strips, more than half were probably doing so in spite of widespread recommendations that they shouldn’t. They were using a median of two testing strips a day at a cost of more than $325 per year per patient.On another front, The New York Times has reported that “a surprisingly large number of people” who use insulin are using less because they can’t afford it, putting themselves in danger.With a health care system as complicated as ours, it’s hard to take money from one pot and shift it easily to another. Efficiency in each system is crucial. The fact that a necessary facet of diabetes care is increasingly out of reach — while unnecessary and potentially harmful care is easily overused — illustrates how much work still needs to be done.It’s rare for a movie to announce so bluntly and accurately what it’s about and why it exists, but the numbskull Bollywood caper “Total Dhamaal” wastes no time: “It’s all about the money.” These are the first words you hear, sung in English, in an opening musical number so shimmeringly gaudy it would make Las Vegas blush.So, yes, the plot involves suitcases full of rupees, coveted and chased by the usual assortment of bumblers, gangsters and civilians. But also, the makers of “Total Dhamaal” needlessly remind us, the movie exists to celebrate and, of course, to make money.The making part is probably a given. “Total Dhamaal” (“Total Fun”) is the third installment of a popular series, all directed by Indra Kumar, with a simple comic philosophy: No physical gag is too silly or too juvenile; and, repetition can only up the ante.This time around the guest stars include Madhuri Dixit, one of Hindi cinema’s biggest stars (and best dancers) of the late 1980s and ’90s, and Anil Kapoor. For long stretches, Ms. Dixit is the sole female in “Total Dhamaal” (“Bro,” uttered again and again in English, feels like a verbal tell), and she’s a welcome presence even if the movie drags her down more than she lifts it up.The shaggy story, a sort of a poor cousin to “It’s a Mad Mad Mad Mad World,” has its big climax in a zoo, where our hapless heroes wind up in their race to grab the cash. They pause to save the animals — a villain ex machina has poisoned their food — and, surprise, a lesson is learned: Kindness trumps greed.The moral seems as tacked on as the villain. But it’s a sweet thought and not entirely out of keeping with a movie that for all its crassness, comic and commercial, is basically good-spirited.And practical. One gag, in good Indian metaphysical tradition, has a man drowning in quicksand call for a rope; he’s handed a snake. There’s no perceptual error here, just this thought: Sometimes a snake is just a snake, but it’s not accidental that it can be used to pull a man from danger.The British bank Standard Chartered has agreed to pay $1.1 billion to settle allegations by the authorities in the United States and Britain that it violated money-laundering laws and economic sanctions.The authorities, including the Treasury and Department of Justice as well as New York State regulators and prosecutors, said that Standard Chartered had for years processed hundreds of millions of dollars in transactions from countries barred from participating in the American financial system, including Cuba, Iran, Sudan and Syria. Standard Chartered, which is based in London, has extensive operations in Africa and Asia, including the Middle East.The settlement is the latest to produce a large penalty against a European bank caught processing illicit transactions for countries and criminal enterprises.In 2012, HSBC agreed to pay $1.9 billion and to submit to years of heightened scrutiny after the authorities found that the bank had helped Mexican drug cartels launder money. In 2014, the French bank BNP Paribas paid a record sum of nearly $9 billion and pleaded guilty for violating American sanctions against Sudan and other countries. And two years ago, Deutsche Bank was fined $630 million for helping Russian investors secretly move $10 billion through branches in London, Moscow and New York.Standard Chartered itself had been punished in the recent past; it paid $330 million in 2012 after carrying out transactions for Iran in violation of United States sanctions.The conduct that led to the current fine against Standard Chartered — including failing to adequately vet its clients and the source of their money — occurred from 2009 to 2014. In one instance cited by Britain’s Financial Conduct Authority, a Standard Chartered office in the United Arab Emirates accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash that a foreign consul had taken into the country in a suitcase in 2011.The authorities gave Standard Chartered credit for moving to rectify its misdeeds. The bank has “taken significant remedial measures since 2014 to develop a more robust program to prevent these egregious activities,” Linda A. Lacewell, New York State’s acting financial services superintendent, said in a statement on Tuesday.The changes included the hiring of a new chief executive, William T. Winters. In a statement, he said: “We are pleased to have resolved these matters and to put these historical issues behind us.”COPENHAGEN — Regulators in Estonia have ordered Danske Bank to leave the country within eight months, arguing that the Danish bank’s $230 billion money-laundering scandal had tarnished the reputation of Estonia’s financial market.Danske Bank, which is facing investigations by the United States Department of Justice and other authorities, said it would comply with the order. Additionally, Danske, the largest lender in Denmark, said it would stop offering banking services in Russia, Latvia and Lithuania as part of a previously announced move to focus on its core Nordic market.An internal report by Danske revealed in September that the bank had failed for years to prevent suspected money laundering involving thousands of customers at its branch in Tallinn, Estonia. The report prompted Danske’s chief executive and chairman to step down. In December, the police in Estonia arrested 10 former Danske employees on charges that they had been involved in a network of money launderers.The scandal “has dealt a serious blow to the transparency, credibility and reputation of the Estonian financial market,” Kilvar Kessler, the chairman of the management board of the Estonian financial regulator, said in a written statement on Tuesday.Mr. Kessler also took a swipe at Danish financial regulators for having “handled the bank softly.” The two regulatory bodies have repeatedly blamed each other for not preventing or stopping the alleged fraud sooner.The Danish Financial Supervisory Authority declined on Wednesday to respond to Mr. Kessler’s comments, but referred to a statement last month that it had lived up to its responsibility to press Danske Bank about its efforts to prevent money laundering. The agency said “that the bank did not always provide the F.S.A. with accurate information.” The agency has asked Danish lawmakers to increase its powers and staff.On Monday, the European Banking Authority said it had begun an investigation into both the Danish and Estonian financial authorities for possible breach of their obligations toward Danske Bank.The scandal’s full size is not yet known, but at one point, in 2008, the tiny Estonian branch delivered close to 10 percent of Danske Bank’s annual profit seemingly without attracting scrutiny from the bank’s Danish headquarters.Danske Bank, responding to the Estonian order to leave the country, acknowledged that the money laundering case “has had a negative impact on Estonian society.”“We are sorry to be leaving Estonia against this background,” the bank said, “but we understand the severity with which the Estonian F.S.A. looks at this case, and we will close down our remaining activities as requested. We will continue our cooperation with the Estonian and other relevant authorities.”Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Welcome to a quick catch-up on this week’s news in business and tech, so you can sound smart and well-read on Monday even if you spent most of your weekend scrolling through strangely cute pictures of vermin. Here’s your cheat sheet. FEB. 24-MarCH 2What’s Up? Through the MudIf you didn’t spend your Wednesday glued to the riveting testimony of Michael Cohen, President Trump’s former lawyer and fixer, you’ve no doubt heard the more salacious details by now (hush money to a porn star, etc.). But Mr. Cohen also made new accusations about his former client’s business practices. He said that Mr. Trump inflated his net worth to qualify for bigger bank loans, misrepresented the value of properties to avoid taxes and exaggerated the value of his assets when insuring them — in other words, committed fraud. Those revelations could pose problems not only for Mr. Trump, but also for his inner circle, including his daughter Ivanka Trump and son Donald Trump Jr. Just Can’t Help HimselfTesla’s chief executive, Elon Musk, went rogue on Twitter — again. The Securities and Exchange Commission wants to hold him in contempt of court for tweeting about production forecasts last week, which violated the terms of a settlement he made with the agency last year. (The S.E.C. sued him over misleading Twitter posts about taking his company private, and his legal team is now supposed to review any tweets with material information before he sends them — which didn’t happen, in this case.) In related news, Tesla is finally taking orders for the long-promised $35,000 version of its Model 3 sedan. But it had to cut significant costs in other areas — like in its work force — to do so. A Breakup at the MallHopefully, they can still be friends. Gap Inc. said on Thursday that it would split into two companies, one that’s just Old Navy — the star moneymaker — and the other containing Gap, Banana Republic, and the newer labels Athleta and Hill City. Gap the brand has been dragging down Gap the company for quite some time (its sales fell 5 percent last year) while Old Navy has grown like gangbusters and can now proceed unfettered. So what’s Gap doing wrong? Analysts say it failed to hold onto the baby boomers who loved its turtlenecks and jeans in the ’90s, while millennials are turning to cheaper options — and Old Navy has the better deals. MARCH 3-9What’s Next? Is It Over Yet?American farmers are bearing the brunt of the China trade war, defaulting on their loans at the highest rate in nine years. But Mr. Trump has said he’s anticipating “some very big news over the next week or two” about a deal. Last Friday was supposed to be the hard deadline for an agreement between the two governments, or else Mr. Trump would raise tariffs on Beijing to more punitive levels. But the administration backed off its big-stick posturing last week, dropping the deadline in light of “significant progress” in negotiations. Mr. Trump’s advisers were more cautiously optimistic about striking a deal, while many members of Congress remain skeptical of its terms. Up and AwayWhat better name for a new spacecraft than “Crew Dragon”? NASA and SpaceX are sending the capsule on its maiden voyage to the International Space Station this week. No humans are aboard this test flight, but ultimately the Crew Dragon is intended to carry astronauts — making it the first passenger-friendly ship that NASA has launched since the Atlantis space shuttle completed its final mission in 2011. Since then, NASA has had to buy rides to the International Space Station aboard Russian spacecraft, an arrangement that the Crew Dragon is expected to end. Art With a Mind of Its OwnIt looks weird, and it should — it’s artwork “curated” by artificial intelligence, and it will be the first of its medium sold at auction this Wednesday at Sotheby’s. Created by the artist Mario Klingemann, the installation consists of two framed screens that use neural networks to “think” for themselves, shifting into an endless stream of (rather creepy) portraits that the machine “imagines” in real time. No two faces that it depicts are alike, so every viewer gets a unique show. The piece is expected to fetch up to $52,000 — and perhaps whet the art market’s appetite for more of its kind. What Else?HBO’s chief executive, Richard Plepler, who ushered in a heyday for cable with shows like “The Sopranos” and “Sex and the City,” abruptly stepped down after 27 years at the network. Millions of people in Uganda have quit the internet after the government imposed taxes on the use of social media platforms like Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter. Walmart is doing away with its greeters — those people in blue vests who stand at the store entrance and seem way too happy to see you — which may put many employees with disabilities out of a job. And a new report showed that economic growth in the United States is not as peppy as some people (including Mr. Trump) predicted, as the effects of tax cuts and other economic stimuli fade.LONDON — Tate, which runs some of Britain’s most important art museums, announced Thursday night that it will no longer accept financial donations from the Sackler family, whose pharmaceutical interests have been linked to the opioid crisis.“The Sackler family has given generously to Tate in the past, as they have to a large number of U.K. arts institutions,” a Tate statement said."We do not intend to remove references to this historic philanthropy. However, in the present circumstances we do not think it right to seek or accept further donations from the Sacklers.”Tate’s trustees made the decision after advice from the institution’s independent ethics committee, a spokesman said in an email.The news is the latest sign of the changing climate in the art world toward the Sacklers, who are major donors to museums. Family members own Purdue Pharma, which makes the painkiller OxyContin and is facing hundreds of lawsuits as a result of the epidemic of opioid addiction.Tate’s statement came two days after Britain’s National Portrait Gallery said it would not accept a long-discussed $1.3 million donation from the London-based Sackler Trust, one of the family’s charitable foundations. It said the decision was taken jointly by the gallery and Trust.But the Thursday announcement, affecting Tate Modern and Tate Britain in London, as well as Tate Liverpool and Tate St. Ives in Cornwall, could have a bigger impact in the art world. All these galleries are major tourist attractions as well as home to large, high-profile exhibitions.In an email, a spokesman for the Mortimer and Raymond Sackler family said, “We deeply sympathise with all the communities, families and individuals affected by the addiction crisis in America. The allegations made against family members in relation to this are strongly denied and will be vigorously defended in court.” He did not comment on Tate’s decision.Much of the focus on the Sacklers’ donations to art institutions has been in the United States, where deaths and addiction associated with prescription opioids have become an unrelenting crisis. But awareness of the crisis is high in Britain, and that has led to pressure on galleries, with the news media asking frequent questions about donations from the Sacklers.Tate has received over $5 million from Sackler family trusts, including the Dr. Mortimer and Theresa Sackler Foundation based in Britain, according to the BBC. The trust helped finance the 2016 extension to Tate Modern known as the Blavatnik BuildingThere was little immediate reaction to the news from other institutions in Britain or the United States. Ken Weine, vice president and chief communications officer for the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, said it was aware of Tate’s announcement but that the museum had nothing to add to a statement issued last month by Daniel Weiss, the Met’s president and chief executive.“The Sackler family has been connected with the Met for more than a half century,” Mr. Weiss’s statement said. “The family is a large extended group and their support of The Met began decades before the opioid crisis.”“The Met is currently engaging in a further review of our detailed gift acceptance policies, and we will have more to report in due course,” it went on to say.The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum said in a statement it had received $9 million from members of the Mortimer D. Sackler family since 1995. It did not comment on Tate’s decision, but added “no contributions from the Sackler family have been received since 2015 and no additional gifts are planned.”“It’s like you’re on the front lines and you’re being shot in the back by your own forces. That’s how it feels.”CHIEF JUDGE RUBÉN CASTILLO, of the Federal District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, on fears that veteran employees will decide to quit if federal courts run out of money during the government shutdown.MAASTRICHT, Netherlands — How can we tell it’s a real Canaletto?“It’s the way he characterizes the figures, just with a few squiggles,” said Charles Beddington, a London-based dealer in old-master pictures, standing in front of a painting, “Old Somerset House From the River Thames,” that he was offering at Tefaf Maastricht, Europe’s biggest and most prestigious international art and antiques fair.“Like that dog,” Mr. Beddington added, pointing to the cheeky detail of a hound squatting to do its business on the terrace of the mansion where Henrietta Maria, wife of King Charles I, once lived.That was one of the telltale details that persuaded Mr. Beddington, an authority on 18th-century Italian painting, to include this long-lost picture in his catalog of the 2007 exhibition, “Canaletto in England: A Venetian Artist Abroad, 1746-1755,” at the Dulwich Picture Gallery in London. Before then, it was thought that the original Canaletto of this subject was a canvas sold in 1988 at Christie’s in New York. But that picture is now considered to be a copy by another artist.“That version doesn’t have the dog,” said Mr. Beddington, who added that the work available at Tefaf on behalf of its British owner was one of just three known paintings by Canaletto executed on mahogany panel. It was priced at six million pounds, or about $8 million. Mr. Beddington said he was “working” on its sale.The Canaletto is the sort of discovery that draws as many as 75,000 visitors a year to Tefaf. But the dealer-organized event, whose origins date to 1975, faces challenges. In recent years, old masters, the traditional mainstay of the fair, have fallen out of fashion; sister Tefaf events have been established in New York, at the risk of diluting the appeal of the European mother ship; and Tefaf Maastricht has struggled to attract and retain exhibitors that draw in contemporary collectors.The success of the Dutch fair depends on the ability of dealers to come up with museum-quality objects that haven’t been seen before. This year, visitors could admire a newly discovered painting by the 18th-century British artist Joseph Wright of Derby, shown by a London dealership, Lowell Libson & Jonny Yarker.The work, “Two Boys with a Bladder,” showing inquisitive children inflating a balloonlike membrane in front of a candle, is an addition to an admired group of paintings by Wright imbued with the Enlightenment spirit of scientific inquiry. Made in Liverpool in about 1769, it emerged from an English private collection and was, according to Mr. Libson, the last of the artist’s “science” pictures available for sale. It was priced at £3 million to £4 million and sold to an undisclosed institution, Mr. Libson said.“It’s the kind of masterpiece you used to see here, but hardly see any more,” said George Wachter, chairman of Sotheby’s North and South America, admiring the way the innovative Wright had painted the bladder on silver foil to enhance its translucence.Dealers at Tefaf did unearth other gems. The international gallerist Bob Haboldt had recently found an exceptionally well-preserved portable devotional painting of the Madonna and Child by Paolo Veneziano, a 14th-century artist, in a house in France. Remarkable for the originality of its gilding, this precious relic of medieval Venice was offered at 1.45 million euros, or about $1.64 million, and quickly sold to a European collector.Further down the price scale, the Berlin-based print dealer Nicolaas Teeuwisse brought a rare early 19th-century lithograph of a Brazilian rain forest by Johann Moritz Rugendas, whose pioneering South American studies were praised by the Prussian naturalist and explorer, Alexander von Humboldt. Priced at €12,000, the Rugendas piece was bought by the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam. And over in the Showcase section, devoted to up-and-coming dealers, Martin Doustar from Paris was offering an ancient greenstone funerary mask and necklace from the Olmec culture of Mesoamerica, dating from about 300 B.C. and priced at €250,000. The necklace comprised massive stone beads, weighing in total more than 20 pounds, intended to be worn by the dead in the afterlife.Dealers in ancient classical and ethnographic pieces can usually be relied on to bring the exceptional to Tefaf. Contemporary art has been more of a problem. Heavyweight dealerships such as Gagosian and Hauser & Wirth exhibited for a year or two, but not anymore. This year, for the first time, Tefaf managed to assemble a significant group of international galleries that regularly exhibit at fairs such as Art Basel and Frieze.Among the newcomers was Fergus McCaffrey of New York, showing boldly reimagined classical sculptures by the Brooklyn-based artist Barry X Ball. A piece by Mr. Ball in pink Iranian onyx called “Sleeping Hermaphrodite,” based on a Roman sculpture in the Louvre, caught the eye — it had been carved using 3-D imaging and robotics. The pink version was not for sale, but $1.9 million will buy another in a stone of the client’s choice.Big-league collectors such Ronald Lauder of the United States and Mimi Dusselier of Belgium were at the V.I.P. preview, which was probably a reassuring sign for the 14 new exhibitors reinvigorating Tefaf’s Modern section.But, according to Heinrich zu Hohenlohe, a consultant at the London dealership Dickinson and a longtime exhibitor at Tefaf, it can take time to earn the confidence of buyers at Maastricht.“The first year, they notice you’re here. The second, they notice you’re still here. Then in the third, they take you seriously,” he said.But can contemporary dealers used to the bustle of Art Basel wait that long?With a new editor in chief, a new staff and a new look, the February issue of Out magazine represented a fresh start for the groundbreaking queer publication. Two young Hollywood stars, Hari Nef and Tommy Dorfman, made for lovely cover subjects. Splashy ads from Louis Vuitton, Cadillac and Gucci seemed like good omens for a prosperous future.And the magazine’s 27-year-old editor, Phillip Picardi, a recent arrival from Condé Nast, where he was a protégé of Anna Wintour, sounded a note of renewal in his message to Out’s readers. “Every page you see here has been put together by a brand-new team of editors, photographers, stylists, journalists and designers — all of whom are keen on documenting queer stories and being a part of queer history,” he wrote in his first editor’s letter.But all was not well behind the facade.Executives involved in the influential publication, which started in 1992, have been in a bitter dispute for months. And more than 40 writers, editors and photographers have complained publicly that they did not receive compensation for their work. In addition, Pride Media, the company that oversees Out, has laid off five employees and instituted an across-the-board pay cut of 8 percent, according to its chief executive, Nathan Coyle.A spokesman for Pride Media — which is owned by the boutique hedge fund Oreva Capital — said payments had been sent to 89 of the freelancers who had not been compensated in a timely fashion. But many contributors are still awaiting their checks.Austin Dale, a writer in Los Angeles, was instrumental in drawing attention to the unpaid freelancers. He said he was owed $1,775 for movie reviews published in 2018 and did not get paid until recently.“It’s not a substantial amount of money,” he said. “But it would pay six weeks of my rent.”Mr. Dale, 28, started his effort to get paid for his work by sending a number of emails to Mr. Coyle. When those emails went unanswered, he pleaded his case on Twitter. That led to other Out freelancers going public with their complaints.To keep track of those who said they had been stiffed, Mr. Dale also created a Google spreadsheet. The invoices he logged ranged from $150 to almost $14,000 for a total of more than $100,000, he said. His next step was to enlist the help of the National Writers Union, which had recently won an $80,000 settlement after filing a lawsuit against Ebony magazine on behalf of 45 unpaid contributors.Larry Goldbetter, the president of the National Writers Union, said he would go the same route on behalf of the Out contributors, if necessary.“We want the publisher to straighten this out,” Mr. Goldbetter said. “They can go from being derelict to being a hero and setting an example. Or we’ll go to court. And we’re not afraid to go to court.”On Feb. 8, unpaid Out contributors published an open letter on Medium. “Our position as a group of freelancers is simple: Pay us, and pay us now,” the letter said. It was signed by 42 people.Mr. Coyle, the Pride Media head, published a contrite reply on the same platform. “We share in your outrage and have prioritized the resolution of this issue,” he wrote. The executive added, “To our contributors, we apologize,” before going on to cite Out’s formerly byzantine corporate structure as a reason for the missed payments.For the six years that ended on Sept. 1, the editorial division was run by an outside agency founded by Aaron Hicklin, a former editor in chief of Out. Mr. Hicklin started the agency, Grand Editorial, as a cost-cutting measure at a time when the publication was in financial trouble.Under the system, Out staff members became contractors, and Pride Media (and its predecessor company, Here Media) paid a monthly fee to Grand Editorial. From that pool of money, the agency sent checks to contributors.Things changed in 2017, when McCarthy Media, a company run by Evanly Schindler, the founder of the glossy magazine BlackBook, acquired Grand Editorial.In interviews, Mr. Coyle (of Pride Media) and Mr. Hicklin (formerly of Grand Editorial) blamed Mr. Schindler for the missed payments; Mr. Schindler disputed those claims.Last June, the problem at Out became so pronounced that editors refused to go into the office as a print deadline approached. Photo editors struggled to book photographers, who were owed money for previous jobs.“We couldn’t function as a team anymore,” said Mr. Hicklin, who was the top editor until June. “People were feeling increasingly bitter and frustrated by the broader situation.”In mid-August, Mr. Coyle decided to end the partnership with McCarthy Media. To get out of the agreement, he said, Pride Media negotiated to pay 18 percent of its monthly fee of $90,000 for a 90-day period. But then, Mr. Coyle said, he had second thoughts and decided against paying up.“We were like, ‘This is crazy! There’s over $100,000 of funds of the $800,000 given him this year that didn’t go to paying people, and now we’re paying him all this money?’” Mr. Coyle said.Mr. Schindler said Pride Media had failed to make several of the scheduled monthly payments to McCarthy Media. He also said that the company had never properly terminated the contract, and that it owed McCarthy Media roughly $300,000. “That’s why we are in this situation,” Mr. Schindler said.Financial records reviewed by The New York Times show that, from January through August 2018, Pride Media transferred nearly $800,000 to an account held by McCarthy Media.In addition to his complaints about Pride Media, Mr. Schindler said Mr. Hicklin bore some responsibility for the unpaid Out contributors. Mr. Hicklin disputed that claim, saying that he had tried to persuade Mr. Schindler to pay the Out freelancers, without much success.ImageThe February issue of Out was the first under its new editor, but a lingering fight simmered behind the scenes.“I would sit with him for sometimes three hours to try and get a series of checks and would maybe walk away with a couple,” Mr. Hicklin said. “It was an enraging experience.”As Pride Media started the process of taking over the editorial operation from the outside agency, it hired Mr. Picardi as the new top editor, along with new staff members who would replace longtime contractors.In November, Bernard Rook, an executive vice president of Pride Media, tried to assuage the unpaid freelancers: “Despite the fact that we’ve already paid Grand/McCarthy for this work — who were contractually obligated to pay you but did not — we are committed to making sure your invoices are remedied,” he wrote in an email.That came as welcome news to the contributors awaiting payment. But Pride Media wasn’t prepared for the many requests for payment that followed. Soon the company stopped replying to invoices, including those filed by freelancers whose work was published after Sept. 1, when Pride Media had taken on the task of paying them.“I didn’t realize the magnitude of the problem,” Mr. Coyle said. “We repeatedly asked for McCarthy’s ledgers for accounts payable, which they’ve never done. And so we’re kind of in the dark.”The continued back-and-forth has annoyed the writers, photographers and editors who are owed money. They don’t care who is to blame. They just want their money.For those who have yet to be paid, it may be a long wait. Pride Media said it had decided against making payments to freelancers who, in the company’s view, should have received checks from McCarthy Media.Mr. Schindler has been successfully sued for nonpayment in recent years. In a case filed in 2009, which reached its end last year, the New York State Supreme Court ordered him to pay more than $125,000 to Maurizio Marchiori, the former head of marketing at Diesel, because of a money dispute involving a magazine called Tar. In another case, the court ordered Mr. Schindler to pay 50 percent of the $202,000 he owed two Italian businessmen who had invested in the magazine. Mr. Schindler has been sued for nonpayment in at least two other cases, court records show.The unpaid freelancers have kept up the pressure. “The issue we have now is that there is a repeated pattern of a failure to pay and a failure to communicate with us, which is basic respect,” Anne-christine d’Adesky, a founding editor of Out, said.Michael Musto, the veteran Village Voice columnist and longtime Out contributor, said: “I feel at times we can be our own worst enemy. Queer people get mistreated by non-queers, so when we get second-class treatment by ourselves, it really hurts.”The corporate clash ruined what should have been a honeymoon period for Mr. Picardi, who made his name at Condé Nast as the top editor at Teen Vogue and the founding editor of the website Them. In an interview, he tried to sound hopeful about the future of the venerable publication he now oversees.“For all of us — these past and present regimes — we can be aligned in saying it’s vitally important that Out exists on newsstands and on a website,” Mr. Picardi said. “And that Out stands by queer creators and stands by them being paid for their work. We need to value each other, because there are so many people who don’t value us.”Maybe you read the story. I saw a man drop $90 on the subway last week, but he disappeared before I could return it. I wasn’t sure what to do next, so I did what I know: I wrote about it.I spoke to a philosophy professor, a lawyer and a transit official, asking each what to do. I published what they said, hoping the story might reach the owner. Then I waited.[Read what they had to say.]Since then, I’ve heard from dozens of readers, but not the man. Improbably, my moral dilemma expanded: On Tuesday, I found even more money, a pair of $20 bills, on a sidewalk near my home.So what am I going to to do with all this cash?When I found the $40, it was nighttime and I was walking my dog, Kevin, with a friend. Nobody else was around. With no way to confirm a claim to ownership, I plan to donate the money to GiveWell, a nonprofit that maintains a short list of charities that make especially effective use of donations.As for the $90? That I’ll hold onto a little longer, in case my previous story — or this one! — reaches the owner. If no one comes forward with a legitimate claim, I’ll donate that money, too. Most likely it will go to The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, a nonprofit that, for more than a century, has provided direct assistance to troubled children, families and older people.[Here’s how to give to the Neediest Cases Fund.]In the meantime, I did enjoy the dozens of responses I received.While a few people made half-baked attempts to claim the money (nice try), more wrote in to ask for an update (here you are). Most, however, wanted to share their own stories of finding valuables and wrestling over what to do with them.These are their stories.The cross and the chainOn a Sunday afternoon about a dozen years ago, the Rev. Boniface Ramsey, of St. Joseph’s Church on the Upper East Side, was walking up First Avenue near the United Nations on his way to see his family.In the street, the priest found a small, diamond-studded gold cross. A block later, he found an accompanying gold chain. Father Ramsey was “thrilled” with the find, he said, until he showed it off to his mother and brother.“Their concern was entirely the person who lost it and what the loss must have meant to him or her,” Father Ramsey wrote. “Sheepish at this reaction, a day or two later I called the appropriate police precinct, where the officer on the line couldn’t have cared less.”The officer had made him feel stupid for even bringing it up, but Father Ramsey walked the same route the following two Sundays in search of posted signs about the missing items. He found nothing and still has the cross and chain to this day.“They are indeed the real thing,” he wrote. “A jeweler offered to buy the cross from me for $500, which I am told means that it is probably worth double that.”A $2,020 bundle of cashCaroline Hopkins, a 24-year-old journalism student at Columbia University, shared a column she wrote for class about finding a large sum of money on an Amtrak trip — and her disappointing experience trying to return it.The money, 20 $100 bills and a single $20 bill, had been left behind by a man who was her seatmate from New York to Philadelphia. She hadn’t noticed the cash until a passing conductor, assuming the money was hers, chastised Ms. Hopkins for leaving it out.After realizing what had happened, Ms. Hopkins chased down the conductor, who said she would meet her back at her seat. When the conductor returned with a colleague, Ms. Hopkins asked if they could look up her seatmate’s name. They took the money and asked what he looked like, so she described him: middle-aged, tall and black.“I saw it then,” she wrote in the essay. “A subtle side glance between the two conductors. Barely discernible eyebrow raises. They’d made the drug dealer assumption, I just knew it.”What if he was a musician who had just been paid for a set, she thought. “He could have been anything,” she wrote. Soon after, Ms. Hopkins departed the train, wondering whether the conductors would even try to find the man, having already written his story in their heads.‘The universe returned my $60’A few years ago, Kelli Butenko, a reader in Helena, Mont., lost $60 at a concert. When she called the venue the next day to see if it had turned up, the person on the phone laughed at her.In 2017, Ms. Butenko found herself at the other end of the situation. After finishing the New York City Marathon, she came across $60 in a discarded phone holder. She called the marathon office the next day and left a message reporting the find.“I got a return call from race personnel, again, laughing, telling me that no one would ever report missing cash, so just keep it, and congratulations on finishing the marathon,” she wrote in her email. “So, the universe returned my $60.”Instead of keeping it, Ms. Butenko exchanged the bills for 60 singles and distributed them to buskers and the homeless.“That part was such a fulfilling experience that, when we return to N.Y.C. in a few weeks, I plan to bring a bunch of singles for just that purpose,” she said.The value of a Picasso or a Ferrari typically rises in a strong economy, as do shares in a consumer staple like Procter & Gamble.But when the economy sours, those shares may be easier than the other possessions to shed. As wealthy collectors pull back on extravagances, investors could get stuck holding an asset they might have to unload at a loss.In 2012, when the market was roaring for passion assets — those in which you put money where your heart is — I wrote a series of columns on why people invested in things like vineyards, racehorses and sports teams.This time, I will look at five nontraditional asset classes that are popular with wealthy investors and with an eye on what to expect in a market downturn. Art is the first of five valuable but illiquid assets I plan to examine in the coming weeks. The others are cars, collectibles like wine and jewelry, private equity and real estate.Collecting fine art is as much about beauty and desirability as it about the investment value. Given how strong the art market has been over the past few years, many collectors may not be prepared if the economy slows and the appetite for art cools.Roy Sebag, a hedge fund analyst turned entrepreneur, has a collection that includes a drawing by Pablo Picasso and works by 17th-century Dutch masters. He said he took an objective view of his collection’s value: looking at both the art’s intrinsic value — how an artist’s work has appreciated — and its social currency.“It’s subjective,” but it still allows for analysis on historical pricing, said Mr. Sebag, founder of Goldmoney, a site for buying and selling precious metals, and co-founder of Mené, a jewelry line. “It isn’t a coincidence that Picasso is viewed by every high-net-worth individual as an asset they want to own.” There are supposedly 5,000 works by Picasso, he said, a stock large enough to build a network of interested parties.By his analysis, avoiding emerging artists and buying works of a well-known artist like Picasso, despite having to pay millions of dollars to do so, is like buying a hedge against recession. “We know trends change quickly,” he said.Such beliefs could be tested in the next few years.In 2018, works by the 100 top-selling artists, as measured by the market research firm Artprice, rose 4.3 percent in value, but the art market as a whole lost 1.9 percent. The company explained that buyers were becoming more demanding.“While happy to pay big money for rare and high-quality works with irreproachable provenance, they often ‘pass’ on other works,” its report said.In 2008, the art market was not immune to huge swings in value. Sales of postwar and contemporary art fell by more than two-thirds from 2008 to 2009, according to data collected by Athena Art Finance, which lends against art portfolios. It took until 2012 for sales to surpass pre-recession levels.To guard against seeing the value of an art collection plummet, dealers advise prudence and, not surprisingly, connoisseurship.If there is a lesson to be drawn from the recession, it is that buyers become more discerning in both the artists they favor and the price they will pay, said B. J. Topol, co-president of Topol Childs Art Advisory, which works on behalf of wealthy clients.“There’s a reshuffling in a recession,” she said. “The trendy artist of the time, people aren’t looking at him. People want to make sure they’re buying a known commodity and not taking risk.”Ms. Topol said she saw signs of a slowdown in the art market at the Art Basel international art fair in Miami Beach in December. Art wasn’t being snapped up in the first few minutes. Instead, buyers had a chance to digest what they were seeing and negotiate on price.Regardless of the climate, she advises not to buy on trends, yet she stops short of the adage to buy what you love. That could be financially disastrous.“If you combine your passion with an informed decision,” she said, “you’ll have something you love every day and maybe it goes up one day.”Other collectors amass idiosyncratic collections whose value is greater together than apart. Peeling off several pieces in a downturn could depress the value of the collection as a whole, said Jean Pigozzi, a venture capitalist and art collector.“I’m not at all like all the other hedge fund collectors,” said Mr. Pigozzi, who has amassed a significant collection of contemporary African art. “I’ve never collected thinking what I collect would be a good investment.”He said most of his pieces were not worth more than $100,000. Compare that with a work by Jean-Michel Basquiat, among the best-selling contemporary artists today. Mr. Pigozzi paid $1,000 for an artwork by Basquiat in 1982 and sold it last year for $3.2 million.What he has is a unique collection that is often included in museum shows and sought after by auction houses. In its totality, it offers a window into sub-Saharan art of the past 30 years.But Mr. Pigozzi knows selling it would be difficult without breaking it apart. Instead, he hopes to create a museum for it.Approaching art as a pure investment can be difficult, because values of an artist’s work can change substantially in ways not associated with typical capital markets investing.The value of works by Wifredo Lam, for instance, has doubled or even tripled in the last decade because of a reappraisal of his place in art history, said Isabelle Bscher, the third-generation owner of Galerie Gmurzynska, which has represented artists including Yves Klein, Joan Miró and Picasso.Lam, who died in 1982, was Cuban by birth and grouped with other Latin American artists at auctions, which drew a specific collector. But he was later seen as a modern artist, because he was a friend of Jackson Pollock, Willem de Kooning and other midcentury artists. As his artworks moved to more popular auctions, their value has doubled or tripled in a decade, Ms. Bscher said.A similar shift happened with Picasso about 15 years ago, she said. Collectors did not want to buy his work created after 1965, when the artist was in his 80s and seen as past his prime. At the time, the artworks were inexpensive, but they have since risen in value.Her advice: “If you buy the period of an artist that is not in fashion, you can make a great investment.”There are of course plenty of collectors with enough wealth to not really care about the short-term hit in value that the work on their walls may take. Hilary Geary Ross, an art collector and the wife of Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, said she had always loved the work of René Magritte, the Belgian surrealist, and began buying his work when she and Mr. Ross married in 2004.She has 36 pieces by Magritte, worth in excess of $100 million. They include famous works like “La Clairvoyance.” The billionaire couple have rarely sold any of their works, but Mrs. Ross said they did take advantage of the 2008 downturn to buy paintings.“People come to us with them, because they know we like them,” she said.In distressed markets, social concerns may keep some people from working with auction houses. They can try private sales — as happened with the Ross’s acquisitions in 2008 — to sell something quietly.But Ms. Topol said that even then, discerning collectors were going to drive a hard bargain. If that happens, she said, dealers and auction houses can step in to help. But her advice echoes that of others: Don’t sell art in a downturn unless other sources of liquidity have dried up.Mr. Sebag said that the art he owned had increased in value far more than other investments he had made, but that he would sell it only if he ceased to enjoy it.“I think art is something you purchase without an exit strategy,” Mr. Sebag said. “My idea of liquidity is in other investments.”Having those other buckets to draw from is important — otherwise, you could be forced to sell a prized work for less than you would want to when the economy sours.On a muggy afternoon in October 2017, Jamie Tillman walked into the public library in Corinth, Miss., and slumped down at one of the computers on the ground floor. In recent years, Tillman, who is slight and freckled, with reddish blond hair that she often wears piled atop her head, had been drifting from her hometown, Nashville — first to southern Tennessee, to be with a boyfriend and their infant son, and then, after she and the boyfriend split, across the state border to Corinth to look for work. The town, to Tillman, represented a chance for a turnaround. If she was able to get a part-time job at a big-box store, she could put a deposit on a rental apartment and see a psychiatrist for what she suspected was bipolar disorder. She could take steps toward regaining custody of her son from her boyfriend’s mother. “I needed to support myself,” she told me recently. But potential employers weren’t calling her back, and Tillman was exhausted. In the hushed calm of the library, she closed her eyes and fell asleep.When she awoke, a pair of uniformed police officers were standing over her. “I was terrified,” she recalled. “I couldn’t figure out what was happening.” (Library patrons had complained about her behavior.) Ignoring Tillman’s protests that she wasn’t drunk — she was just scared and tired, she remembers saying — the officers handcuffed her wrists behind her back and took her to the jail in Corinth to await a hearing on a misdemeanor charge of public intoxication. Five days later, clad in an orange jumpsuit, her wrists again cuffed, Tillman found herself sitting in the gallery of the local courthouse, staring up at the municipal judge, John C. Ross.Tillman did her best to stay calm. She had been arrested on misdemeanor charges before — most recently for drug possession — and in her experience, the court either provided defendants with a public defender or gave them the option to apply for a cash bond and return later for a second hearing. “But there was no lawyer in this courtroom,” Tillman says. “There was no one to help me.” Instead, one after another, the defendants were summoned to the bench to enter their pleas and exchange a few terse words with Ross, a white-haired, pink-cheeked Corinth native who dismissed most of them with the same four words: “Good luck to you.” Many of the defendants were being led back out the way they came, in the direction of the jail.Around 11 a.m., the judge read Tillman’s name. She stood. “Ms. Tillman, you’re here on a public drunk charge,” Ross said. “Do you admit that charge or deny it?”Tillman told me that she thought she had no choice but to plead guilty — it was unlikely, she believed, that the judge would take her word over that of the arresting officers. “I admit, your honor,” she said. “I just want to get me out of here as soon as possible.” Under Mississippi state law, public intoxication is punishable by a $100 fine or up to 30 days in jail. Ross opted for the maximum fine. Tillman began to cry.The Federal Reserve Board has estimated that 40 percent of Americans don’t have enough money in their bank accounts to cover an emergency expense of $400. Tillman didn’t even have $10. She couldn’t call her family for help. She was estranged from her father and from her mother, who had custody of Tillman’s two young daughters from a previous relationship.“I can’t — ” Tillman stammered to Ross. “I can’t — ”Ross explained the system in his court: For every day a defendant stayed in the Alcorn County jail, $25 was knocked off his or her fine. Tillman had been locked up for five days as she awaited her hearing, meaning she had accumulated a credit of $125 toward the overall fine of $255. (The extra $155 was a processing fee.) Her balance on the fine was now $130. Was Tillman able to produce that or call someone who could?“I can’t,” Tillman responded, so softly that the court recorder entered her response as “inaudible.” She tried to summon something more coherent, but it was too late: The bailiff was tugging at her sleeve. She would be returned to the jail until Oct. 14, she was informed, at which point Ross would consider the fine paid and the matter settled.That night, Tillman says, she conducted an informal poll of the 20 or so women in her pod at the Alcorn County jail. A majority, she says, were incarcerated for the same reason she was: an inability to pay a fine. Some had been languishing in jail for weeks. The inmates even had a phrase for it: “sitting it out.” Tillman’s face crumpled. “I thought, Because we’re poor, because we’re of a lower class, we aren’t allowed real freedom,” she recalled. “And it was the worst feeling in the world.”No government agency comprehensively tracks the extent of criminal-justice debt owed by poor defendants, but experts estimate that those fines and fees total tens of billions of dollars. That number is likely to grow in coming years, and significantly: National Public Radio, in a survey conducted with the Brennan Center for Justice and the National Center for State Courts, found that 48 states increased their civil and criminal court fees from 2010 to 2014. And because wealthy and middle-class Americans can typically afford either the initial fee or the services of an attorney, it will be the poor who shoulder the bulk of the burden.“You think about what we want to define us as Americans: equal opportunity, equal protection under the law,” Mitali Nagrecha, the director of Harvard’s National Criminal Justice Debt Initiative, told me. “But what we’re seeing in these situations is that not only are the poor in the United States treated differently than people with means, but that the courts are actually aggravating and perpetuating poverty.”Why they do so is in part a matter of economic reality: In areas hit by recession or falling tax revenue, fines and fees help pay the bills. (The costs of housing and feeding inmates can be subsidized by the state.) As the Fines and Fees Justice Center, an advocacy organization based in New York, has documented, financial penalties on the poor are now a leading source of revenue for municipalities around the country. In Alabama, for example, the Southern Poverty Law Center took up the case of a woman who was jailed for missing a court date related to an unpaid utility bill. In Oregon, courts have issued hefty fines to the parents of truant schoolchildren. Many counties around the country engage in civil forfeiture, the seizure of vehicles and cash from people suspected (but not necessarily proven in court) of having broken the law. In Louisiana, pretrial diversion laws empower the police to offer traffic offenders a choice: Pay up quickly, and the ticket won’t go on your record; fight the ticket in court, and you’ll face additional fees.[Read how thousands of innocent people are sent to jail only because they can’t afford to post bail.]“What we’ve seen in our research is that the mechanisms vary, depending on the region,” says Joanna Weiss, co-director of the Fines and Fees Justice Center. “But they have one thing in common: They use the justice system to wring revenue out of the poorest Americans — the people who can afford it the least.” Aside from taxes, she says, “criminal-justice debt is now a de facto way of funding a lot of American cities.”The jailing of poor defendants who cannot pay fines — a particularly insidious version of this revenue machine — has been ruled unconstitutional since a trio of Supreme Court cases spanning the 1970s and early 1980s. The first, Williams v. Illinois, involved a petty thief who was forced to remain in prison to pay off a fine, even after he had served his term. The second, Tate v. Short, hinged on a man in Texas named Preston Tate, who was assessed $425 in fines for several traffic violations. Because Tate couldn’t make the payments, a judge sentenced him to 85 days in jail — the amount of time it would take him, at a rate of $5 a day, to pay his entire fine. Tate took his case to the Supreme Court, which found that the punishment violated the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution, which requires that the government not discriminate on criteria like race or background. The court found that Tate was imprisoned “solely because of his indigency.”In a majority opinion for an analogous case from 1983, Bearden v. Georgia, in which a man received probation and a fine when he pleaded guilty to burglary and theft, Justice Sandra Day O’Connor called it “fundamentally unfair” to send him to prison for nonpayment without “considering whether adequate alternative methods of punish[ment]” — like community service or a payment plan — were available. To do otherwise was to deprive a person of his freedom simply because he happened to be poor.Still, decades after those cases were decided, the practice of jailing people who cannot pay persists, not least because Supreme Court decisions do not always make their way to local courts. “Precedent is one thing,” says Alec Karakatsanis, executive director of Civil Rights Corps, a Washington-based nonprofit. “The way a law is written is one thing. The way a law is actually experienced by poor people and people of color is another.”Moreover, Karakatsanis argues, jailing poor defendants has proved to be an effective way of raising money. By threatening a defendant with incarceration, a judge is often able to extract cash from a person’s family that might otherwise be difficult to touch. “A typical creditor,” he says, “can’t put you in a steel cage if you can’t come up with the money.”In 2010, the American Civil Liberties Union detailed evidence of what it calls “modern-day ‘debtors’ prisons’ ” — essentially, courts operating in the same way as Judge Ross’s in Corinth — in Georgia, Michigan, Louisiana, Ohio and Washington State. “If you spent a few weeks driving from coast to coast, you might not find similar policies in place in every single county,” Sam Brooke, the deputy legal director of the Southern Poverty Law Center’s economic-justice program, told me. “But every other county? Probably. This is a massive problem, and it’s not confined to the South. It’s national.”In 2014, in the wake of the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager named Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., President Barack Obama’s Justice Department opened two investigations into policing in the city. Among the findings, released the following spring, was evidence that the city had been routinely jailing residents for failure to pay criminal-justice-related debt and that “the court’s practices impose unnecessary harm, overwhelmingly on African-American individuals.” In 2016, the Justice Department issued what is known as a “dear colleague” letter, reminding courts that they are obligated to take into consideration a defendant’s financial standing before levying fines. Although not legally binding, the letter was met with approval from many civil rights activists, as was the willingness of states including New Hampshire and Illinois to proactively train judges and clerks on the pertinent legal precedents.The “dear colleague” letter, along with two dozen others, has since been rescinded by former Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who argued that his predecessors overstepped their bounds and that it should be left to Congress to arrive at solutions through legislation. “Last month, I ended the longstanding abuse of issuing rules by simply publishing a letter or posting a web page,” Sessions said in a statement in December 2017. Any guidance, he went on, that “improperly goes beyond what is provided for in statutes or regulation should not be given effect.”But Congress has been slow to act — no current major bill addresses the jailing of poor defendants. “At this point, I’m convinced that sunlight — a lot of it — is going to have to be the solution,” Brooke told me.In recent years, the Southern Poverty Law Center and other organizations, including the A.C.L.U. and Karakatsanis’s Civil Rights Corps, have been filing class-action lawsuits against dozens of courts across the South and Midwest and West, arguing that local courts, in jailing indigent defendants, are violating the Supreme Court rulings laid down in Williams, Tate and Bearden. The lawsuits work: As a settlement is negotiated, a judge typically agrees to stop jailing new inmates for unpaid fines or fees. “No one wants to admit they’ve knowingly acted in this manner,” says Brooke, who partnered with Karakatsanis on lawsuits in Alabama and filed several elsewhere in the South. “So they tend to settle quickly.” The trouble is locating the offending courts.In January 2017, two S.P.L.C. staff members, Micah West, a senior staff attorney, and Sara Wood, a senior paralegal, drove from the organization’s headquarters in Montgomery, Ala., to Southern Mississippi, to look into claims that the state was suspending — without due process — the licenses of thousands of residents for failure to pay overdue traffic tickets. For a couple of days, West and Wood made visits to various D.M.V.s and court offices. But even when they could get someone to talk to them, the clerk was sometimes unable or unwilling to share any details of individual suspensions. “Eventually, I was like, ‘All right, let’s save ourselves some time,’ ” West recalled. “So we got out a map, and we started calling every place on it.” One morning, his finger landed on the city of Corinth.A Municipal Court staff member picked up on the third ring. “Could you answer a question for me?” West asked the woman. “I’m wondering what would happen if I was unable to pay a speeding ticket. Would I lose my driving license?”“What do you mean?” she responded. And then: “You’d go to jail.”Corinth occupies an important place in Mississippi history. During the Civil War, the South lost two bloody battles trying to defend the rail lines that bisected the city, which Confederate leaders regarded as second only to Richmond, their capital, in terms of strategic importance. Today the rails remain, as do the battlefield and a handful of grand antebellum homes, but driving around the area, you get a sense that the place has been hollowed out. As of 2016, a quarter of the 14,600 residents, 70 percent of whom are white, lived at or below the federal poverty line (about $12,000 in annual income for an individual).Drug use is endemic — primarily opioids and methamphetamine. So, too, are the hallmarks of a specific kind of rural, Southern poverty: stray dogs in the streets, sun-blasted trailers that seem to be sinking back into the earth, yards occupied by rusting school buses and old sedans. “You grow up around here, and you have two options,” one resident told me. “You can either get the hell out, go on up to Tupelo or wherever. Or you stay and try to figure out a way to live without having the cops on you all the time. Which sure ain’t easy.”Corinth’s infrastructure runs so leanly as to be almost invisible: There are no public buses, and Alcorn County recently announced that it would stop funding the local railroad museum. Tax rates in Corinth have dropped slightly in recent years, while the percentage of revenue generated by criminal-justice-related debt has grown. According to the annual audit submitted by Corinth to the state, in fiscal year 2017, the year Jamie Tillman was arrested for public intoxication, general fund revenues for the city were just $10.8 million. Total revenue for the year was $20.3 million, half of which came from taxes; close to $7 million came from “intergovernmental revenue,” or grants and funds from the state and federal authorities. And approximately $623,000 came from what the city defines as “fines and forfeitures.”The Corinth city clerk declined to answer questions about the breakdown of the budget or how the revenue from fines compares with those of neighboring towns, referring questions to the city attorney, Wendell Trapp, who did not respond to emails seeking comment. But a report completed in 2017 by the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights offers some answers. Combing Census Bureau data and city audit documents, the commission noted that of nearly 4,600 American municipalities with populations above 5,000, the median received less than 1 percent of their revenue from fines and fees. But a sizable number of cities, like Doraville, Ga., or Saint Ann, Mo., a suburb of St. Louis, have reported fines-and-fees revenue amounting to 10 percent or more of total municipal income.Corinth’s revenue from fines in 2017 was 5.7 percent of its general fund revenues, putting it — if not quite at the Saint Ann level — at the high end when compared with the municipalities in the Commission on Civil Rights’s report. When I sent Joanna Weiss, of the Fines and Fees Justice Center, a copy of the 2017 Corinth audit, she noted that this would be dismaying enough in itself. “But you can also see,” she added, “that the biggest expenditure, by far, for the city of Corinth is public safety” — including court and police services, or the very people extracting the fines.In 2017, Micah West and Sara Wood of the S.P.L.C. drove to Corinth to open an investigation into the Municipal Court, with an eye toward later filing a lawsuit — the most effective way, they believed, to halt Judge John C. Ross’s jailing of low-income defendants. During court sessions, they would often walk down the hall to the clerk’s office, where defendants were permitted to use a landline phone to make a final plea for the cash that would set them free. The space amounted to an earthly purgatory: Secure the money, and you were saved. Fail, and you’d be sent to jail. “All around us, people would be crying or yelling, getting more and more desperate,” Wood recalled.That October, she watched a 59-year-old man named Kenneth Lindsey enter the office, his lean arms hanging lank by his side, his face gaunt and pale. Lindsey had been in court for driving with an expired registration, but he hadn’t been able to afford the fines: He was suffering from hepatitis C and liver cancer, and he had spent the very last of his savings on travel to Tupelo for a round of chemotherapy. Until his next state disability check arrived, he was broke. “Can you help?” Lindsey whispered into the phone.A few seconds of silence passed. “All right, then. Thanks anyway.”Finally, around 1:45 p.m., Lindsey managed to get through to his sister. She barely had $100 herself, but she promised to drive it over after her shift was through.Wood caught up with Lindsey in the parking lot later that day, and after identifying herself, asked if he would consider being interviewed by the S.P.L.C. “I don’t know,” Lindsey said, studying the ground. But soon enough, he called Wood to say he had changed his mind. “I’ve been paying these sons of bitches all my life,” he told her. “It’s time someone did something about it.”Traveling around Corinth, Wood found that nearly everyone she met had experience with the local courts or could refer her to someone who did. Soon her voice mail inbox filled with messages from people who wanted to share their stories. The callers were diverse in terms of age and race. They were black and white; they were young and old. But they shared with Kenneth Lindsey a precipitous relationship to rock-bottom poverty. If not completely destitute, they were close — a part-time job away from homelessness, a food-stamp card away from going hungry.There was the man who couldn’t read and hadn’t said a word until he was 5 years old. Not long after his 35th birthday, he was arrested for public drunkenness. When he got in touch with Wood, he had been in jail for three days, unable to decipher the charging documents filed against him or figure out a way to access his disability check — his lone source of income.There was the woman, Latonya James, with a daughter who had been intentionally scalded with boiling water by her stepmother as an infant; now a teenager ashamed of the scars that covered her chest and neck, the girl had stopped going to her high school. The city charged James, then living in a home without electricity or running water, with truancy, on her daughter’s behalf, and Judge Ross ordered her to pay $100 of the $163 fine or go to jail. (She managed to scrape together the money.)And there was Glenn Chastain, who owed $1,200 for expired vehicle tags — and, because he had missed one hearing, was denied the chance to pay a partial fine. Chastain spent 48 days at the Alcorn County Correctional Facility. He said he was in a unit occupied by accused rapists and murderers and was beaten by inmates until his ribs were bruised and his face was a mask of blood. He smiled to show me where one of his teeth had been knocked out. (Alcorn County authorities offered no comment on the fight.)Starting in October, with West in Corinth and his boss, Sam Brooke, in Montgomery, the S.P.L.C. set about drafting the lawsuit, which accused Ross of “wealth-based detention.” The Corinth court had done more than violate the Constitution, the attorneys wrote. It had broken state law, which says that “incarceration may be employed only after the court has conducted a hearing and examined the reasons for nonpayment and finds, on the record, that the defendant was not indigent or could have made payment but refused to do so.” Ross, they asserted, had never bothered to ask for that information.A few months ago, I found Kenneth Lindsey standing on the porch of his home in Corinth, dressed in faded jeans and a shirt that was mostly unbuttoned, exposing the thin gold chain around his neck. The house had belonged to his mother, he confessed, and he hadn’t messed around much with the decorating since she died — the place, a converted double-wide trailer, was full of old family photos. He plummeted into a reclining armchair with a sigh.Theoretically, he explained, his liver cancer was in remission, although he acknowledged he had no concrete proof. In the time since his first conversation with Wood, he had been back and forth to jail two more times, and he had been to the hospital in Tupelo just once. “I would estimate that I’ve spent a quarter of the last year behind bars,” he told me. Could he calculate exactly what he owed? “$10,000?” he responded. “$11,000?” The way he said it, it might as well have been a million dollars. “I ain’t never going to pay it down,” he said. “Never, ever. I’m going to be paying it down until I die.”Rummaging in his bedroom closet, he produced a cardboard box, which he upended onto his bed. A blizzard of documents spilled out: tickets and warnings and second warnings and court summons. I picked one up at random. It dated back to 2005. “Now you’re getting the idea,” Lindsey said.Nearly every one of Lindsey’s court fees related, in one way or another, to his vehicle: expired registration fees, expired driver’s licenses. He couldn’t pay for the right paperwork or pay down his fines, but he couldn’t stop driving either, because driving was how he got to the auto body shop where he picked up the odd shift. Hitchhiking scared him, and he didn’t want to bother his friends more than he had to. “My pride gets in my way a lot,” Lindsey told me. “They’re not embarrassed by you wanting their help, but you are.”We returned to the living room. Lindsey propped open the door. It wasn’t yet bug season; a fragrant breeze blew through the room. “Maybe they should investigate why they end up picking on the same damn people all the time,” he said. “Why is it us? Tell me that: Why is it us?”In early December 2017, the S.P.L.C. and the MacArthur Justice Center filed their lawsuit against Corinth. That same month, the city ordered the jail emptied of all inmates incarcerated for nonpayment of fines. “There was no explanation,” says Brian Howell, one of the lawsuit’s plaintiffs, who was then incarcerated, sitting out $1,250 in fines and court costs for three unpaid traffic tickets. “It was just, ‘All right, get up and go.’ ”Howell is 29, with watery blue eyes and freckled cheeks. Years ago, he was struck by a drunken driver while riding his motorcycle; he lost one leg and suffered extensive nerve and spinal damage. It is hard for him to walk, let alone play with his three children, without the aid of crutches. But the guards at the jail wouldn’t lend him a pair. Nor would they give him a ride home. The best they would offer was a lift across the street, to the gas station. From there, Howell began scooting on his buttocks along the side of the road, using his hands to haul himself forward. Soon his forearms were sore, his fingertips bloody. A police cruiser pulled up alongside him. “The guy looks over, and he just busts out laughing,” Howell recalled last spring. Howell is extremely soft-spoken, and when he told me what the cop said to him, I was certain I’d misheard. He repeated it more loudly: “He said, ‘Hell, I thought you was a damn dog.’ ”Later that day, as a rare early-spring snowstorm settled over Alcorn County, I drove across town to the modest home that serves as the offices and personal residence of Judge John C. Ross. The roads were empty, with all local schools and most local businesses shut, and as I pulled into Ross’s driveway, my rental car noisily skidded; by the time I’d shifted into park, the judge was at the door, a hand raised in greeting.“Come in, come in,” he said, without asking what I wanted. When I told him I was a reporter, he smiled broadly. “Well, you’ll have to stay at least until you’re all warmed up.”He led me down a hallway, past a framed drawing of the first Battle of Corinth — he found it in an old edition of Harper’s Weekly, he explained — and into the sun-washed living room that doubles as his office. On the shelves around us were history books and leather-bound novels by Hemingway. “I was an English major in college,” Ross said. He guided me to a chair. “Sit, sit, sit. Let’s talk.”Ross was not the only target of the lawsuit — the city of Corinth was named, too — and he had received specific instructions from attorneys not to directly discuss it. Still, there were things the judge felt he could say: Both entities, he said, had consented to put a temporary hold on the policy of jailing indigent defendants, and incarceration in many cases would be replaced with payment plans or community-service opportunities. “I intend to abide by that settlement,” he said.He spoke of his time at Ole Miss, his matriculation into the university’s law school and his decades in private practice. He talked about those decades in a way that made clear he regarded his more recent stint as a Municipal Court judge as something other than the crowning achievement of his legal career. But he had accepted it out of a sense of duty to the place he grew up. “Outside of school and an early job, I’ve never lived anywhere else but Corinth,” he said. “I love the people, and I love the place. And I don’t think I’ll ever leave.” He sometimes worked as an administrator for the cemetery across the street, and in retirement, that’s where he planned to spend some of his days.Ross was sitting with his back to a large picture window, and behind him, through the glass, wet snow was falling on the oak tree in his backyard. As politely as he had shown me in, he showed me out again — he and his friends had plans to visit New Orleans that weekend, and there was packing to be done. As I shook Ross’s hand, I was reminded of the taxonomy of municipal judges that Sam Brooke of the S.P.L.C. had laid out for me. “I’d split them into camps,” Brooke said. “The first are the ones that respect the law. The second are the vindictive ones, who see every defendant as a bad person in need of punishment. But the biggest group are judges who are part of the retail industry of processing a whole lot of people. They’re just doing what the judges before them did.”In July, a U.S. district judge finalized the temporary policy Corinth and the S.P.L.C. had agreed to regarding indigent defendants. “Nothing in this says poor people don’t have to obey the law or pay their fines,” Cliff Johnson of the MacArthur Justice Center told The Associated Press at the time. “They just get additional time to pay their fines and don’t have to go to jail because they’re poor.”In June, Ross announced his retirement; this fall, he was replaced on the municipal bench by Rebecca Phipps, a judge who worked for 40 years as an attorney in Corinth, and who was briefed on the terms of the settlement before accepting the job. After lobbying by the S.P.L.C. and the A.C.L.U., both houses of the State Legislature unanimously passed a bill prohibiting any resident from being jailed for a failure to pay either court costs or fines. The bill went into effect in July of last year.But the modest progress in Mississippi has not necessarily been mirrored in other states — in recent months, attorneys in Arkansas and Pennsylvania have filed lawsuits accusing a judge and the Commonwealth of facilitating “debtors’ prisons,” and in Missouri, Ferguson officials are still fighting a class-action suit first filed in 2015. In the few places where one aspect of the fines-and-fees apparatus has been eliminated, that does not mean poor residents are suddenly free of towering amounts of criminal-justice debt. Nor does it mean they will not continue to come in regular contact with law enforcement, which remains robustly subsidized even as other city services go underfunded. Kenneth Lindsey, for example, was arrested last spring for missing a hearing related to unpaid fines. The judge at the Alcorn County Justice Court sent him to jail for 12 days when he couldn’t pay.“They come out of jail with absolutely nothing but more problems, and then it just keeps on going and going, and it’s like they’re bound, and they feel like they can’t escape,” Andrea Hurst, Glenn Chastain’s girlfriend, told me about her boyfriend and others who find themselves in similar circumstances. “Their license gets taken, and hey, you get pulled over one day, because the cop knows you got no license, and then back to jail again. You just lost that job again.”Not long ago, I met Jamie Tillman for lunch at the Corinth Cracker Barrel. After leaving jail, she explained, she started staying in a friend’s trailer, but she and the friend had a falling out, and now she was back to drifting from one place to the next. A shelter for battered women down in Tupelo, the bedroom of an acquaintance, the streets, the forest. She looked wan and tired. Her hands fluttered as she spoke.“I’ve been waiting to get together enough money for some mood stabilizers,” she told me. “Because if I can get stable, I can start showing people that I’m fit to have my kid back. That I’m the person I know I can be.”She had a part-time job cleaning a couple of houses in the next town over, and a plan: She could use her birth certificate, the only official document she still possessed, to obtain a Social Security card, and with her Social Security card, she would be able to get a driver’s license and then a bank account. “I’ll pay off the rest of what I owe to the courts” — a few thousand dollars — “and then I can start saving like a real person,” she said.We walked out to the parking lot, so she could show me the entirety of her belongings, stored for now in a plastic laundry hamper in the back of a friend’s car: three changes of clothes, a hair dryer and various envelopes, many bearing the seal of the Alcorn County Court.As she dug through the hamper in search of her birth certificate, which she was now worried she had misplaced, a sheet of paper fluttered out. It was inscribed, in cursive, with a poem titled “Money,” by the American writer Richard Armour. Tillman couldn’t remember who gave it to her — she thought it might have been a friend from jail. Clearing her throat, she started to read aloud: “Workers earn it, spendthrifts burn it, bankers lend it.”Then she sighed and skipped to the last line: “I could use it.”It’s January and you’ve gone and done it: You’ve resolved to keep better track of your personal finances. But deep down, you’re not sure where to start. Sure, you can buy accounting software, sign up for a service or poke around your bank’s online offerings for money management. But don’t overlook what is probably the best option of all: a simple and free spreadsheet you make yourself.Never used spreadsheet software before and not quite sure what it does? Relax, using it to make a budget is easy, because someone has already done most of the work. Here’s how to get started.Step 1: Pick Your ProgramFirst, select an application that can create and edit spreadsheet files. Microsoft Excel has long been a core component of the Microsoft Office suite for Mac and Windows ($70 a year). If you don’t have it already, you can also find versions for Android and iOS or the free basic version that runs in a web browser.Other free or preinstalled spreadsheet programs may already be on your device. Google Sheets (for Android, iOS and web) and Apple’s Numbers software for iOS, macOS and web are two examples.If you don’t care for the offerings from Microsoft, Google or Apple, there are alternatives. Apache OpenOffice has a Calc spreadsheet program, as does LibreOffice, and both are free open-source suites that run on Windows, Mac and Linux systems. And there are plenty of other options in the app stores if you want to shop around.Step 2: Select a TemplateSpreadsheet programs for home computers have been around for 40 years, giving developers plenty of time to make them more intuitive. Most have a version of the “personal budget” template — with the spending categories, design and formulas already formatted. Take advantage of them. Just type over the sample numbers with your own information and the software does the math.Open your program of choice and look for the “Template” or “Project” gallery. Select the template that best matches your needs, like “Monthly Home Budget,” to create a new spreadsheet.Don’t see a template that suits you? With a quick search, you can find plenty more to download online, like the selection at BudgetsAreSexy.com, which has specialized templates for those aiming for early retirement, or recent college graduates. The Measure of a Plan personal finance site also has a detailed budget-tracking template that works in Microsoft Excel and Google Sheets. Online video tutorials and software guides can also help you build your own spreadsheets.Step 3: Enter Your Own NumbersOnce you open a template, you’ll see the boxes (called “cells” in spreadsheet lingo) to fill in your own numbers. Gather up pay stubs, bills, statements and any other forms that show what you made or spent that month.Enter the information into the designated place. Along with your salary, your pay stub should show the money taken out for things like taxes, retirement savings and health insurance. Add in monthly expenses, like phone, credit card and power bills; car loans; gas, insurance, rent and mortgage costs; gym fees; restaurant meals; and shopping sprees.Step 4: Check Your ResultsOnce you have all your numbers punched into the spreadsheet, you can see two things. First, you have a line-by-line accounting of your finances for the month.Second, most spreadsheet templates give you added totals in your columns for income and expenses, so you can see your cash flow in action. Some templates even include charts to help you better visualize your situation.Step 5: Keep Going or Move Up to a Specialized AppIf using a simple spreadsheet to record your monthly budget inspires you to keep tracking it over the year — or take even more control — you can move up to a dedicated tool that shows spending trends, provides financial coaching and offers tips.Wirecutter, a product review site owned by The New York Times, has a roundup of budgeting apps and tools to recommend, like the YNAB (You Need a Budget) service ($84 a year, but with a free trial period available); Mint.com and others are also reviewed.No doubt, being diligent and updating your chosen budgeting tool takes time and effort, but it pays off. Just think of it as a map to follow the money.WASHINGTON — Private donors put up $107 million to usher Donald J. Trump into office in style two years ago, and it is now clear just how enthusiastically his inaugural committee went to town with it.There was $10,000 for makeup for 20 aides at an evening inaugural event. There was another $30,000 in per diem payments to dozens of contract staff members, in addition to their fully covered hotel rooms, room service orders, plane tickets and taxi rides, including some to drop off laundry.The bill from the Trump International Hotel was more than $1.5 million. And there was a documentary, overseen by a close friend of Melania Trump’s, that was ultimately abandoned.The details of the expenditures, gleaned from interviews and from documents reviewed by The New York Times and not previously made public, show that the committee spent heavily on nearly every aspect of the events surrounding the inauguration.In 72 days, it laid out about $100 million, roughly twice as much or more than was raised by Barack Obama or George W. Bush for their first and second presidential inaugurations.The expansive spending reflected Mr. Trump’s desire to make a grand entrance, with roughly 20 events around Washington, people familiar with the events said. It also had the hallmarks of previous Trump efforts, such as the campaign, with some Trump-family friends circumventing existing chains of command.Disclosure of the spending details comes at a time when the inaugural committee is facing legal scrutiny over the donations that funded it.Inaugural committees are required to document every donation with the Federal Election Commission, and the Trump team’s reports are now under investigation by federal prosecutors in Manhattan and Brooklyn. Investigators are also looking into whether any foreign donations, which are illegal in the United States, were passed through Americans, and whether any donations went unrecorded, people familiar with the inquiries said.People involved with the committee have said that they vetted all donors, but that they could do only so much to prove someone’s money was their own. False statements to the Federal Election Commission can be a crime.The investigation by federal prosecutors in Manhattan was prompted at least partly by a recording that Mr. Trump’s former lawyer and fixer, Michael D. Cohen, made of a conversation he had with a central figure in the inaugural planning, Stephanie Winston Wolkoff, shortly after Mrs. Trump ended Ms. Winston Wolkoff’s role as an unpaid adviser to the first lady. Ms. Winston Wolkoff was dismissed after initial reports about the amount of money taken in by the entity she formed to help produce the inaugural.There is no indication of any investigation into the inaugural committee’s spending. For the most part, inaugural committees are free to spend the money they raise from private donations as they wish.The bulk of the money for the inaugural committee came from big corporations, like AT&T, Bank of America and Pfizer, and wealthy Republicans donors, like Sheldon G. Adelson and Andrew Beal.Given the short time frame between Election Day and Inauguration Day, inaugural committees cannot always seek out the lowest bidder. In the case of Mr. Trump’s inaugural, some staff members and major vendors were veterans of previous inaugurations.Much of the spending, while outsize, was mundane. Documents reviewed by The Times accounted for the entire $107 million raised for the inaugural, with most of the money going to payroll expenses and roughly 40 entities, the bulk of which were hotel chains and other vendors.Roughly $5 million went to charity, which organizers have noted is the most ever for an inaugural committee.But millions were written off in lost revenue. That included $6.4 million for blocks of hotel rooms booked for guests who ended up arranging their own accommodations. The Republican National Committee booked the excess hotel rooms before the inaugural staff was even formed, but the committee had to pony up when only half as many rooms were used as the party organization had expected.Another $1.2 million in revenue that the committee expected to recoup for a media center never materialized.Other arrangements by the inaugural committee also proved unusual.Ms. Winston Wolkoff, then a close friend of Mrs. Trump’s, was initially signed to a $1.6 million contract. Along with a friend, Jonathan Reynaga, she formed WIS Media Partners, a firm that oversaw broadcast rights for the inaugural events and worked on the documentary project featuring interviews with top inaugural committee officials.The idea was to sell the rights to a major distributor. The project was later abandoned, although the interview footage still exists, as do copies, according to three people familiar with the effort.WIS Media Partners became the inaugural committee’s top vendor, acting as a kind of general contractor and overseeing a series of events. It received nearly $26 million, much of which was paid out to other vendors.Steve Kerrigan, who was chief of staff for Mr. Obama’s first inaugural committee, said that the firm’s $1.6 million “supervisory fee” was the equivalent of “roughly one-fourth of what we paid our entire 450-person staff” in 2009. Even if Ms. Winston Wolkoff shared the fee among more than a dozen other top managers, as she and others say she did, the charge itself, Mr. Kerrigan said, was “outrageous.”Greg Jenkins, the executive director of Mr. Bush’s second inaugural, said, “I have never heard anybody getting that kind of fee associated with any inaugural, ever.”Ms. Winston Wolkoff often fought with other top aides, according to people with direct knowledge of events. She was known to threaten to have senior officials fired, at times brandishing a cellphone and saying she would text Mrs. Trump or Ivanka Trump, the president’s elder daughter, conveying a sense of authority that people later came to realize she did not have, three people with direct knowledge of the events said.A lawyer for Ms. Winston Wolkoff declined to comment.A spokesman for WIS Media Partners said all of the firm’s charges “were vetted, authorized and signed off on” by the committee’s top officials, including Thomas J. Barrack Jr., the committee’s chairman; Rick Gates, the deputy chairman; and Sara Armstrong, the chief executive.He said the firm’s fees were “significantly below” the customary charges “for equivalent productions,” and that officials provided the inaugural committee with “all its audited records and receipts.” He said the company could not reveal more because it is legally barred by the inaugural committee from discussing its work on the inaugural events.In a statement, Mr. Barrack said he continues “to be proud of the incredible work of all those that were part of the committee” and that it “complied with all laws and regulations, and its finances were fully audited internally and independently. The donors were fully vetted and disclosed to the Federal Election Commission as required.”Mr. Trump’s inaugural committee has come under scrutiny in the past for its high administrative and logistical costs. The new details help flesh out how the inaugural spent the money. Among the payments was more than $2 million spent on the firm of the Trump campaign official Brad Parscale for online advertisements to drum up inaugural crowds.Another $2.7 million was spent on flying in a performance group working with Steve Wynn, the casino magnate and friend of Mr. Trump.The Trump International Hotel was paid more than $1.5 million for services including the use of a ballroom, an “annex” and a space called the townhouse, according to records and people familiar with the payments.While two other hotels, the Willard and the Fairmont, collected as much or more, Mr. Trump’s hotel was also favored by vendors who billed their expenses directly to the committee.Over all, the Trump team’s spending appears “astronomical,” said Emmett S. Beliveau, who was chief executive of Mr. Obama’s first inaugural committee.Mr. Jenkins, who handled the Bush inaugural, said the scale of the Trump team’s spending “blows me away.”Ms. Winston Wolkoff and Mr. Reynaga brought in nearly three dozen staff members, some of whom flew in from Los Angeles or other cities and remained on the East Coast for weeks. WIS also helped bring in a New York-based party planner named David Monn, who refused to sign a contract, according to two people familiar with the arrangement. Mr. Monn charged the committee a total of $3.7 million, from which he paid subcontractors.Among other tasks, Ms. Winston Wolkoff and colleagues managed the 500-person black-tie dinner hosted by Mr. Barrack at the neo-Classical Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium and a 1,500-person “candlelight” dinner at Union Station. They decided the decorations were not elegant enough and needed to be enhanced.Mr. Monn spent $924,000 on seven-foot-high wreaths, moss-covered obelisks, flowers and other decorations to dress up Union Station. Makeup was provided for 20 staff members at a cost of $500 per person. For the dinner at the auditorium, table menus, table numbers and place cards, including an on-site calligrapher to correct last-minute mistakes, amounted to $91 per guest. Mr. Monn did not respond to repeated requests for comment on Monday.The handling of expenses for contractors like WIS Media Partners was also unusual. Mr. Kerrigan, who also served as chief executive of Mr. Obama’s second inaugural committee, said officials negotiated fixed-price contracts that limited how much vendors could charge for expenses.If a vendor’s staff member ran up a big room service bill, “that was on them,” said David Cusack, who was the executive director of the second committee. “They had a per diem, and they were supposed to eat on that.”For Mr. Bush’s second inaugural, too, vendors were required to build their expenses into their contracts, Mr. Jenkins said. He said his committee did not even hire vendors from outside the Washington area because “there was no need to.”The Trump inaugural committee covered not only a fixed per diem for the people brought in by WIS Media, but picked up expenses including room service, cab rides for assistants who dropped off laundry and an order of McDonald’s. All told, those expenses came to $227,511.In less than two months, WIS billed $31,000 for hotel rooms described as Mr. Reynaga’s, including nearly $18,000 for rooms at the Trump International Hotel, according to detailed expense documents reviewed by The Times. He also billed thousands of dollars for meals, room service and travel. On one day, he charged a $560 Amtrak train ticket from New York to Washington, plus a $251 first-class upgrade to meet with Mr. Barrack. That was followed by a $100 Uber ride the next day to “get to Tom’s plane,” the records show.The spokesman for WIS said WIS expenses were paid through business cards tied to a few senior officials of the firm, including Mr. Reynaga, meaning that Mr. Reynaga could have been paying for other employees’ costs.He also said staff members stayed at the Trump International Hotel “at the explicit direction” of inaugural committee officials. A former official of the inaugural committee denied that the WIS employees were required to stay at the Trump hotel.“Wait —” is a weekly newsletter that brings you fresh and frisky updates on things you 100% want to know. Please! Come and take a little journey with us, into a the silly or the serious.Sometimes the most interesting things are lurking in plain sight or sound, like the mysteries of glitter or the incidental music of reality television. Yes please, sign up right here.NEWCASTLE-UPON-TYNE, England — Bill Corcoran is in his usual spot, in the shadow of St. James’ Park, opposite Shearer’s bar, rattling his bucket, when a pack of a dozen Manchester United fans marches past.They are wearing black jackets, hoods raised to stave off the cold. Just as they reach Corcoran, they launch into a deeply unflattering, mildly profane chant about the man after whom the bar is named: Alan Shearer, favorite son of both Newcastle the city and Newcastle the team. A few home fans jeer in response. The heckling just makes the interlopers sing louder.Toward the tail of the group, one man spots Corcoran, and veers in his direction. He pulls his wallet from his pocket, and leafs through a fistful of green, orange and purple notes.“Who are you collecting for, mate?” he asks. His accent is broad Mancunian. “Newcastle fans’ food bank,” Corcoran replies, his vowels unmistakably North Eastern.The man pauses. He shuffles the bills, and chooses a purple £20. He slips it inside the bucket, and hurries after his group. He picks up the refrain effortlessly. He is back to taunting Shearer, and Newcastle, before Corcoran has even had a chance to thank him.Over the next hour or so, dozens of fans stop at the same spot. Some donate money. Some come bearing bags of groceries, filled to the brim with canned fruit and breakfast cereals and dried pasta, to be dropped off at the makeshift booth behind Corcoran.Today is not a special occasion: the same thing happens every time Newcastle plays at home. So acute is the hunger in Newcastle now, so intense is the demand, that Corcoran, and a handful of other volunteers, do this every two weeks.Everything they raise — and they have raised a lot, somewhere in the region of £200,000 ($258,000), they believe — is sent to the West End Food Bank, in one of Newcastle’s most deprived areas. It is the largest institution of its kind in Britain. “We can’t have people in this city starving,” Corcoran said. “It is a badge of shame.”That dire state of affairs is not, though, unique to Newcastle. The demand for food banks in Britain has soared in recent years: the Trussell Trust, which runs more than 400 such programs, said it distributed some 1.3 million food parcels from its centers in the fiscal year ending in March, an increase of 13 percent.The spike, the charity’s chief executive, Emma Revie, said last year, can be attributed to the fact that too many people do not have “enough money coming in to cover the rising cost of absolute essentials like food and housing.”Earlier this month, the government’s Environmental Audit Committee warned lawmakers that more than two million people in Britain could be considered “food insecure,” meaning they struggle to eat regularly and healthily. Philip Alston, the United Nations’ special rapporteur for extreme poverty and human rights, described the problem as a “social calamity” on a fact-finding mission to Britain last year.And so, across the country, the same thing has happened: soccer, and in particular its fans, has stepped into the breach. Newcastle’s is not the only food drive; Corcoran and his colleagues said they took their inspiration from a similar initiative that started in Liverpool in 2015. Celtic fans have been running one in Glasgow for years. In recent months, fans in Manchester, Sunderland and London — among others — have done the same.In front of stadiums filled with multimillionaire superstars,  fans have taken it upon themselves to help those who need it most.“I like to feel I am doing my bit to give something back,” said Sandra Farn, as she dropped off a donation at the booth behind Corcoran. She and her son, Alex, drive the two hours from Nottingham for every Newcastle home match. They stop at a supermarket first, and load up. That, now, is part of the ritual of going to a game.Jonathan Yaseen comes to Newcastle games with his 15-year-old son, Zain, but also, usually, only after stopping at a local store for rice, cookies and canned fish. “He has asked me before why we are having to do this,” Yaseen said. “It is hard to explain.” John McCorry, the chief executive of the West End food bank,  believes there has been a surge in demand for his organization’s services in the years since Britain’s Conservative government introduced a trial version of its Universal Credit welfare system in Newcastle in 2015.The program rolls a number of social security payments into one benefit, but claimants face a five-week wait to receive their money while their application is assessed. Others in need, McCorry said, have been cut out by technology: Universal Credit must be applied for online, and not all of those who seek it have internet access. “These policies have been designed by people who have no experience of the realities of life for those who are affected by them,” he said.The new system was designed to replace its “complex, outdated and wildly expensive” predecessor, as Iain Duncan Smith, a Conservative lawmaker, said when it was launched. His colleague Esther McVey has said it helps move more people into employment, and remain in work longer, than the previous approach. In his report, however, Alston, the U.N. rapporteur, described some of the government’s social security policies as “punitive, meanspirited and often callous.”If Universal Credit helped provide the impetus that sparked Corcoran and others into action, Liverpool offered the blueprint for how to help. Fans Supporting Foodbanks had been created in 2015 by fans of Liverpool and Everton, troubled by the sight of long lines for a local food bank and reports that it was struggling to cope with the demand, according to Dave Kelly, one of the founders.Kelly — an Everton fan — and Ian Byrne, a Liverpool supporter, had been part of a campaign to persuade the Premier League to cap prices on away tickets, and its success had convinced them that fans possessed an untapped power if they acted in unison. “It’s really important to take that tribal element out of it,” Kelly said.They promote their work under the slogan “Hunger Doesn’t Wear Club Colors;” their volunteers collect food before every home game in the city, whether at Anfield, the home of Liverpool, or Everton’s Goodison Park.“The first game we collected food, we were standing outside the Winslow Pub opposite Goodison, and donations were going into a wheelie bin,” Kelly said. “Now, we have the logistics in place to transport food and store it at warehouses. Everything we do is audited. The amount it has grown is incredible.”The program’s reach has extended, too. Samuel Spong, a fan of the southeast London club Charlton Athletic who had read about the work Fans Supporting Foodbanks were doing, wondered if it could be replicated in his city. Encouraged by Kelly, he ran a food drive before a game last year. “The food bank was overwhelmed by how much we raised,” Spong said.All of those running the food drives are quick to praise their clubs for their support. Corcoran and the others have been granted, effectively, a permanent permit to fund-raise outside Newcastle’s stadium on match days. Players have volunteered at the food bank, too. There have been publicity drives and, perhaps more powerful still, private donations. Rafael Benítez, the club’s manager, has been a vocal backer of the work the food banks do, even visiting the volunteers immediately before games.On Merseyside, Peter Moore — Liverpool’s chief executive — paid for the van that Fans Supporting Foodbanks uses to transport its donations. At Christmas, Liverpool’s captain, Jordan Henderson, invited volunteers to Anfield for a meal to say thank you for their efforts. Charlton Athletic sent players to assist at the Greenwich Food Bank to publicize Spong’s initiative.The bulk of the work, though, is done by the fans.To Spong, fans have long possessed a natural political activism. “We have seen at Charlton that people will protest a bad owner relentlessly,” he said. “Or come together when ticket prices are too high.” That activism can be harnessed, he said, “if you take the issue of the indecency of the existence of food banks to a space where people do not normally think about it.”Mostly, though, it is something much more obvious. The Premier League — all soccer, in fact — may now be a global enterprise, but the teams that comprise it remain, at heart, not just representative of but rooted in the local. “Football teams are about a place,” Corcoran said, as fans buzzed past him on their way into St. James’ Park. “Increasingly, they’re the only thing cities like this have. Newcastle used to have the shipyards, the mining. They have even taken Newcastle Brown Ale away. They don’t brew it here any more. Now it is just the team. Teams symbolize cities in a way that nothing else does.” [What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]In testimony before Congress this week, Michael Cohen cast himself as a central figure in schemes that could threaten the presidency of Donald J. Trump.But Mr. Cohen said he didn’t work alone, unexpectedly mentioning by name the involvement of another member of Mr. Trump’s inner circle, Allen Weisselberg, more than 20 times. The revelations are set to intensify the scrutiny on Mr. Weisselberg, Mr. Trump’s unassuming 71-year-old chief financial officer, who already is a focus for federal prosecutors in New York.On Wednesday, Mr. Cohen specifically identified Mr. Weisselberg as helping mastermind a strategy to mask reimbursements to Mr. Cohen for his payment to Stormy Daniels, the pornographic film actress who said she had an affair with Mr. Trump.Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform, said after Wednesday’s hearing that he “probably will” want to call additional witnesses, including Mr. Weisselberg, to gather additional evidence about the hush-money payment.A Democratic official said that the House Intelligence Committee anticipates calling Mr. Weisselberg to testify, as well.Mr. Cohen said in the hearing that the payment was ordered by Mr. Trump, which violated campaign finance laws because it was intended to buy Ms. Daniels’s silence so that she could not hurt Mr. Trump’s prospects right before the election.Mr. Cohen said he had paid Ms. Daniels with his own money, and then was repaid by the Trump Organization.“Allen Weisselberg made the decision that it should be paid over the 12 months so that it would look like a retainer,” Mr. Cohen told lawmakers, describing how reimbursements were made monthly.Mr. Cohen submitted to Congress a copy of a $35,000 check — labeled exhibit 5b — that he said was one of those monthly payments.It was signed by Mr. Weisselberg and Donald Trump Jr.Mr. Weisselberg declined to comment through his lawyers. But it is clear why lawmakers and investigators might home in on him as they examine the Trump Organization’s finances.After Mr. Cohen pleaded guilty to campaign finance fraud and other crimes in August, federal prosecutors in Manhattan began focusing on what role the Trump Organization and its executives, including Mr. Weisselberg, played in the campaign finance scheme, according to people briefed on the matter.As part of the investigation, Mr. Weisselberg was granted limited immunity to testify before a federal grand jury last year. But there has been no indication that he has cooperated with prosecutors.Mr. Weisselberg, an accountant, began his career doing the books for Mr. Trump’s father in a dingy building in Brooklyn. For decades, he has represented Mr. Trump on paperwork for everything from complex real estate deals to the operations of the antique carousel in Central Park, which the Trump Organization runs.In 2015, a lawyer representing students who alleged they were defrauded by Mr. Trump’s education venture, Trump University, questioned Mr. Weisselberg during a deposition, describing him as “Mr. Trump’s eyes and ears for his investments.”Mr. Weisselberg replied, “Am I his eyes and ears? From an economic standpoint,” court records show. In 2016, Mr. Trump settled the case for $25 million.Corey Lewandowski, a former Trump campaign official, wrote in a book that he co-authored, “Let Trump Be Trump” that Mr. Weisselberg “knows of every dime that leaves the building.”Aside from Mr. Weisselberg, several other Trump associates may now be asked to testify before the House in the wake of Mr. Cohen’s hearing, including three executives at the Trump Organization: Matthew Calamari, Alan Garten and Ronald C. Lieberman.But Mr. Cummings said the committee would have to proceed carefully to avoid interfering with the investigation by federal prosecutors in the special counsel’s office and the United States attorney’s office in Manhattan.Still in an indication of what may come, Mr. Cummings has sent letters to two lawyers he said were involved in preparing Mr. Trump’s federal financial disclosure filing, which originally omitted payments he made to reimburse Mr. Cohen for the payment to Ms. Daniels.The letters requested that the lawyers, Sheri A. Dillon and Stefan C. Passantino, appear for interviews with the committee in March.Ms. Dillon is a tax lawyer who represents Mr. Trump. Mr. Passantino was a deputy White House counsel at the time focused on ethics, but has since left and now advises the Trump Organization on how to deal with House investigations.Mr. Weisselberg has previously been questioned under oath, in a lawsuit filed last year by the New York attorney general against the Trump Foundation, Mr. Trump’s charitable organization, where he served as treasurer. In late December, the foundation was dissolved after the attorney general accused it of fraud.The United States attorney’s office in Manhattan and the New York attorney general’s office declined to comment.Mr. Weisselberg’s involvement in the hush money payments to women first surfaced last year, when federal prosecutors seized recordings from Mr. Cohen’s office. On one of the recordings, Mr. Cohen was heard saying, “I’ve spoken to Allen Weisselberg about how to set the whole thing up.”For his part, Mr. Trump has expressed confidence that Mr. Weisselberg will not turn on the president.“100 percent he didn’t,” Mr. Trump told reporters for Bloomberg when asked last year whether Mr. Weisselberg had betrayed him. “He’s a wonderful guy.”Others are not so certain.“I am sure Allen does not want to hurt Donald, I am sure there is an affection there,” said Barbara Res, a former executive with the Trump Organization who is a critic of the president. “But he’s in a terrible position — and Donald put him there.”One secret to Mr. Weisselberg’s lifelong career with the Trump family is his earthy modesty, according to friends and biographers of Mr. Trump. He wears dark, unflashy suits and cultivates a salt-and-pepper mustache. He still shows up to his desk in Trump Tower every day, watching over the organization’s finances.“He did whatever was necessary to protect the bottom line,” Mr. Trump wrote about Mr. Weisselberg in his book “Think Like a Billionaire.”As a child in Brownsville, Brooklyn, Mr. Weisselberg played punchball until dark and rode the city bus to school for 15 cents. In “The Aurora,” the green, clothbound yearbook of the Thomas Jefferson High School class of 1965, he appears as a cowlicked teenage boy, and names his dream profession: accountant.President Trump’s father made that dream come true: In 1973 he hired Mr. Weisselberg to do his accounting at an office in Gravesend, Brooklyn.Mr. Weisselberg never lost his Brownsville humility, even as his employer lavished him with things like private jet rides to the pool at Mar-a-Lago and at least one advantageous real estate deal.“He is the embodiment of an accountant,” said Gwenda Blair, who interviewed Mr. Weisselberg for her 2000 book, “The Trumps.”Mr. Weisselberg’s lifestyle has remained modest, even as he rose to an office on the 26th floor of Trump Tower.He lived in a ranch-style house in Wantagh, Long Island with his wife of nearly 50 years, Hilary, before selling it in 2013 for $468,000. In 2002, they spent $282,000 for a vacation property — a low-slung house that backs up to a lagoon in Boynton Beach, Fla.Most recently, the Weisselbergs rented an apartment in a Trump-branded building on Riverside Boulevard. (In 2016, over 800 residents voted to strip the Trump name from its facade.)Mr. Weisselberg’s loyalty has been well-compensated, and his whole family has benefited from the relationship with Mr. Trump.One of Mr. Weisselberg’s sons, Barry, has been the property manager of Trump Wollman Rink for the past 17 years, according to his LinkedIn profile. There, he once hosted Hanukkah on Ice, dialing up his dad and putting him on speaker phone so he could hear the holiday songs. Barry Weisselberg declined to comment.Mr. Weisselberg’s other son, Jack, works at Ladder Capital, a real estate investment trust that is one of the Trump Organization’s biggest creditors.Jack has benefited in other ways: In 2000, his father purchased a one-bedroom apartment in the Trump Parc East building overlooking Central Park. It cost $152,500, which appears to have been purchased profoundly under market value, according to property records. He transferred the deed to his son Jack, according to property records, who flipped it for more than four times the original price in 2006.Jack Weisselberg did not respond to email or phone messages.Aside from an awkward cameo on the second season of Mr. Trump’s television show, “The Apprentice,” Mr. Weisselberg has until recently stayed out of the limelight, focusing on serving his boss.In his books and in interviews, the president has described Mr. Weisselberg as his go-to man, whether it was to help pick carpet swatches for a development, or to strong-arm firms with which he contracted.In Mr. Cohen’s testimony on Wednesday, Mr. Trump’s reliance on his C.F.O. was on display. When it came to paying back his fixer for the hush money, Mr. Cohen said the president turned to Mr. Weisselberg.“He acknowledged to Allen that he was going to pay the $130,000,” Mr. Cohen said, “And that Allen and I should go back to his office and figure out how to do it.”Neil and Kathinka McKeown’s home in Calaveras County, Calif., burned down in a 2015 wildfire that regulators believe started when a power line made contact with a tree. Late last year, they thought they were finally close to rebuilding after reaching a seven-figure settlement with Pacific Gas & Electric, whose line was involved.But PG&E never sent the money, and because the company filed for bankruptcy protection in January, the couple will have to wait even longer. The McKeowns cannot expect payments until PG&E emerges from bankruptcy, something that may not happen for at least two years, according to legal experts. “It’s been devastating,” said Mr. McKeown, a consultant who works on renewable energy systems. “It’s like the fire happened all over again. We were looking forward to resolving everything.”And while they wait, the bankruptcy may at times put the McKeowns and other wildfire victims in conflict with PG&E and other parties with claims against the company.The McKeowns had insurance, but the proceeds were used to pay off the mortgage on their destroyed home. They had counted on the settlement with PG&E to finance a new one. (The couple’s lawyer said the terms barred them from disclosing the exact amount of the payout.) In the meantime, they are living with their two children in a 400-square-foot trailer.Their predicament highlights how corporate bankruptcies can leave some parties at a big disadvantage. Parties owed money by a company before it files for bankruptcy, like the wildfire victims, will have to wait until the bankruptcy proceedings are complete, and ultimately may get only a portion of what they hope to collect. By contrast, employees of the company, or anyone doing business with it while it is being reorganized, can expect to be paid. That divide became even starker in recent days. PG&E filed a motion last week asking the bankruptcy court in San Francisco to approve the payment of $235 million in employee cash bonuses this year. After a series of deadly wildfires in 2018, the company decided not to pay its bonuses for the year. But PG&E says it wants to pay bonuses this year to ensure that employees remain motivated to achieve its operational and financial goals. Bankruptcy experts say the judge, Dennis Montali, will almost certainly approve bonuses in some form. “In general, courts are extremely deferential to managers who say they need to pay bonuses,” said Jared A. Ellias, a professor at the University of California’s Hastings College of the Law.At the end of last year, PG&E had $77 billion in assets and $64 billion in liabilities, including $14 billion in wildfire claims. But the figures on the liability side continue to grow. PG&E has estimated that it faces wildfire claims of at least $30 billion, a sum that reflects the devastating fires of 2017 and 2018. Among them was the Camp Fire, the deadliest in state history, which killed at least 85 people in November. PG&E said last month that its equipment had probably caused the fire, making the utility liable for property damage under state law even if it was not negligent.There is widespread sympathy for the wildfire victims in California. Gov. Gavin Newsom has asked the bankruptcy court to give strong representation to the victims. But even if PG&E offered to make payments to some wildfire victims, other parties with claims might successfully block such a move. Legal scholars struggled to think of any large bankruptcy case in which individuals’ claims were paid before others. “All these fire victim claims are unsecured claims,” said Kenneth Ayotte, a law professor at the University of California, Berkeley. The wildfire victims have an organized voice in the proceedings through an official committee set up last month. Another committee represents other unsecured creditors, including investors, contractors, union members and wholesale power suppliers. Though the committees have equal standing in the court, the groups may not always want the same thing.The company’s bonus plan has become an early focus of the competing interests. Lawyers for the victims’ committee filed a brief this week urging the court to reject the proposal. “Implementing effective and proven safety measures should be the paramount focus of the company, not seeking discretionary bonus payments triggered by PG&E’s own vague interpretation of protecting public safety,” they argued. But employees contend that the bonuses are not excessive and say they rely on the payments for basic needs. John Mader, an engineer and union official who joined PG&E 21 years ago, said losing the 2018 bonus translated into a 10 percent pay cut for him and other union members. A similar reduction this year, he said, would mean some employees would not be able to pay for items like child care. Another concern is that PG&E might lose employees to other utilities, making it harder for the company to meet crucial goals. “It’s in the interest of the people of California to operate this business,” said Mr. Mader, president of the Engineers and Scientists of California Local 20, which represents 1,200 PG&E employees. “If you’re going to confiscate their pay for performance, which is an industry standard, it’s going to have an effect.”Judge Montali is expected to approve the bonuses in some form, long before other issues are settled. But the judge may balk at the compensation package if he concludes that it is overly generous or its performance targets are too easy to meet. “They can’t be layups,” said Robert K. Rasmussen, a law professor at the University of Southern California. “I am sure he’s going to make sure these things are designed in the right way.”Certain features of the bonus package, known officially as the short-term incentive plan, may get particular scrutiny. The $235 million budgeted for the 2019 bonuses is 81 percent more than the $130 million that the company had sought to pay out for 2018 before withdrawing the proposal. In addition, the company wants to pay out the bonuses each quarter, rather than annually. The change may make it easier to hit performance targets, which include goals related to safety and financial results. And while the company is not paying long-term stock awards this year, it is proposing that half of that compensation be paid out as cash bonuses. Pertinently, the bonuses are shielded from many of the costs of wildfires. PG&E intends for 40 percent of the bonus to be determined by a financial benchmark known as earnings from operations, up from 25 percent last year. The calculation excludes many expenses that are not considered core to the company’s operations, including the claims relating to recent wildfires. Matt Nauman, a PG&E spokesman, declined to say whether the 2019 plan would also exclude the wildfire costs.Lauren Hepler contributed reporting.Nonprofit hospitals across the United States are seeking donations from the people who rely on them most: their patients.Many hospitals conduct nightly wealth screenings — using software that culls public data such as property records, contributions to political campaigns and other charities — to gauge which patients are most likely to be the source of large donations.Those who seem promising targets for fund-raising may receive a visit from a hospital executive in their rooms, as well as extra amenities like a bathrobe or a nicer waiting area for their families.Some hospitals train doctors and nurses to identify patients who have expressed gratitude for their care, and then put the patients in touch with staff fund-raisers.These various tactics, part of a strategy known as “grateful patient programs,” make some people uncomfortable. “Wealth screenings strike me as unseemly but not illegal or unethical,” said Arthur Caplan, a bioethicist at the New York University School of Medicine.Mark Rothstein, a bioethics professor at the University of Louisville, said, “Getting physicians involved in philanthropy is something fraught with danger.” He added that it could make patients worry that their care might be affected by whether they made a donation.Despite such concerns, these practices are becoming commonplace, particularly among the largest nonprofit hospitals. A 2016 survey of 108 hospitals found that 68 had grateful patient programs, according to the Advisory Board, a consulting firm.“In the last 10 years we’ve seen a pretty dramatic uptick in strategic attention in the formation of these programs,” said Nicholas Cericola, a senior consultant with the firm.Large hospitals that say they screen patients’ wealth include those run by MedStar Health in Columbia, Md.; the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore; Cedars-Sinai in Los Angeles; and NYU Langone Medical Center in New York.Donations from patients and their families supplement income streams from private and public insurance programs as well as money raised through traditional methods like charity golf tournaments, dinners or gala balls.“It’s a way to get money to the hospital’s bottom line like nothing else they are doing,” said Bill Tedesco, chief executive officer of DonorSearch, a Maryland company that supplies hospitals with software that helps them conduct wealth screenings.Patients and their families were responsible for two-thirds of the $34 million donated to the Sharp HealthCare hospital system in San Diego last year, said Bill Littlejohn, chief executive officer of the system’s fund-raising foundation.Wealth screening and the participation of the hospital’s doctors are crucial, Mr. Littlejohn said. Sharp screens up to 400 patients each night, he said, and adds about 10 to 20 to its database of potential donors.When he approaches wealthy patients in the hospital, they are unlikely to know that they were selected with the aid of the wealth screening, Mr. Littlejohn said.“I’m not asking them for money, but I tell them we appreciate them choosing Sharp and hope they have a wonderful experience,” he said. “I use this as a get-to-know-you opportunity and let them know Sharp is a nonprofit and philanthropic-supported institution.”Mr. Littlejohn estimates that doctors prompted 20 percent of patient donations through conversations with their own patients. The practice has helped Sharp triple its annual fund-raising totals from a decade ago, he said.Nationwide, donations to hospitals exceeded $10.4 billion in 2017, up from $6 billion in 2004, according to the Association for Healthcare Philanthropy.“Grateful patients have always been there, but we did not always do as good a job of inviting them to be part of our missions as we are now doing,” Alice Ayres, the trade group’s chief executive officer, said. She attributed the increased fund-raising to grateful patients programs as well as to a shift away from event-driven efforts, a focus on larger gifts and overall economic growth in the United States.A 2013 change in federal health privacy law made it easier for hospitals to target their patients for donations. It enabled hospital records departments to share with staff fund-raisers some personal details of patients, including their health insurance status, the department treating them, the name of their physician and the outcome of their care.When patients are admitted, they typically sign a raft of papers that include permission for the hospital to use this information for fund-raising. While the 2013 law required hospitals to inform patients that they could decline to be solicited by fund-raisers, few patients are aware of this, said Deven McGraw, a former deputy director of health information privacy at the federal Department of Health and Human Services. And, she said, few appear to realize that their wealth may be assessed for fund-raising.Many hospitals send solicitation letters to all of their insured patients, including those with little desire — or ability — to make donations.St. Clair Hospital in Pittsburgh treated Marcy Grupp in its emergency room for three hours in May for a painful kidney stone, providing a computerized tomography scan, among other tests. Medicare paid the bill.A month later, the hospital sent Ms. Grupp, a retired television engineer, a letter asking for a donation to honor a doctor or other caregiver. “We encourage you to please consider honoring their efforts with a ‘gift of gratitude,’ by making a donation to St. Clair Hospital,” the letter said.Ms. Grupp, 66, said she wasn’t rich, and was disturbed by the letter.“I kind of resent it,” she said. “I don’t think they need the money.” The hospital last year reported nearly $48 million in net income and paid its chief executive officer $1 million.“I thought the care I got was good and the doctors I had were good, but I don’t see why I need to pay in addition to what I’ve already paid,” Ms. Grupp said. St. Clair executives declined to comment.Dr. Patricia Lech, a retired surgeon, underwent a successful joint replacement operation at New England Baptist Hospital in Boston in August 2017. Several months later, she received a letter from the hospital asking her to make a donation to honor one of her doctors.Dr. Lech, 58, said the letter had left the impression that her doctor would directly benefit from the donation, which was not the case. “I did not like the implication that doctors would get rewarded when they really aren’t,” she said.Morgan Herman, vice president of philanthropy at New England Baptist, acknowledged that the hospital solicited former patients but said that did not affect patient care. “There is no connection,” she said.Many doctors are uneasy about being asked to help raise money from their patients, studies show.“It makes doctors very uncomfortable for a lot of reasons — No. 1 is that the doctor is there to see the patient for a problem they have and not to ask the patient for money,” said Dr. Rosalyn Stewart, an internist at Johns Hopkins who has researched physician attitudes at Hopkins toward the practice.She said she worried that if a wealthy patient made a large donation, doctors would feel obligated to treat them differently, perhaps by returning their calls more quickly.“I feel like the risk is we are setting up a two-tiered health care system — one for wealthy patients and one for everyone else,” Dr. Stewart said.While wealth screenings have been used for decades for fund-raising by universities and other nonprofits, ethicists said they raised different concerns for hospitals.“Needing health care is different than choosing to go to college or going to the opera,” said Nancy Berlinger, a bioethicist with the Hastings Center, a think tank in Garrison, N.Y. “When you are sick, you need a trusting relationship to be formed and focused on your health. There is a vulnerability there that is not present in other nonprofits.”Dr. Frederick Finelli, a surgeon and the vice president of medical affairs at MedStar Health’s Montgomery Medical Center in Maryland, said that while he used to feel uncertain about fund-raising, he now saw it as part of the healing process.“When someone says ‘Thanks’ to me, it feels incomplete for me to just tell them, ‘No problem’ or ‘I was just doing my job,’” he said. “Talking to patients about philanthropic or volunteer needs is good for patients.”Some patients say they are happy that they were asked for money.For example, Martin Faga, 77, was treated at Inova Fairfax Hospital in Virginia last year for serious heart problems. A retired president of Mitre, a large nonprofit federal contactor, Mr. Faga repeatedly praised his bedside nurses for their care, he said.When one of those nurses sent an email about this to Mary Myers, a hospital fund-raiser, she visited Mr. Faga’s room to chat about the role of philanthropy and arranged to meet him at his home a few weeks later, Ms. Myers said.Mr. Faga wasn’t initially interested in making a large donation, he said, because he didn’t believe that the nonprofit health system — the largest in Northern Virginia, with five hospitals and $3 billion in annual revenue in 2016 — needed the money. But he said he had changed his mind after Ms. Myers told him that such donations were essential for staff training and buying equipment, and has donated $200,000 to the hospital.“I would still have been in the small-donation category of a couple hundred dollars if not for Mary and the educational process,” he said.SAN FRANCISCO — Paul Chou was among the many Bitcoin aficionados who thought big Wall Street institutions were about to become heavy hitters in the cryptocurrency markets.Mr. Chou came from one of those institutions, Goldman Sachs, and created a cryptocurrency exchange, LedgerX, that would cater to big investors with sophisticated financial contracts.Now, in the wake of last year’s Bitcoin crash, Mr. Chou is being forced to confront how few of the big finance companies acted on their cryptocurrency plans.“It was definitely part of the original plan that institutions would be a big part of this market,” he said. “We were wrong.”Goldman Sachs said it was opening a Bitcoin trading operation to serve clients. A year later, customer interest has been weak, and the bank has not received regulatory approval to buy and hold actual Bitcoins for customers, according to a person familiar with the operation, who was not authorized to comment on it publicly and spoke on the condition of anonymity.The parent company of the New York Stock Exchange has been forced to delay the opening of the cryptocurrency exchange it announced last year, and there is still no clear sign of when it will get the approval needed from regulators. The exchange declined to comment.And the Chicago Board Options Exchange said last month that it was going to stop offering a Bitcoin trading contract that it started with great fanfare in late 2017.The faltering efforts among big financial outfits are part of a retrenchment in the cryptocurrency industry after last year’s bust, when the price of a single Bitcoin fell from nearly $20,000 to around $4,000. It has lingered there for months, but had an unexpected jolt on Tuesday, briefly exceeding $5,000.Some cryptocurrency enthusiasts had hoped that the entrance of Wall Street institutions would give them legitimacy with traditional investors. But their struggles — and waning interest — illustrate the difficulty in bringing Bitcoin from the fringes of the internet into the mainstream financial world.“The smart money knows that crypto is not ready,” said Ciaran Murray, a cryptocurrency trader in London.Mr. Murray tried to set up a hedge fund focused on digital tokens, but he found that when investors dug into the technology they were turned off.“Once you get into the details, it scared them off,” he said.Mr. Murray and other cryptocurrency believers are adamant that the problems are not a death blow for Bitcoin and the technology it introduced. Mr. Chou, for example, is retooling LedgerX and applying for regulatory approval to open trading to small retail investors, whose interest in cryptocurrencies has held up a bit more.And the big companies haven’t entirely walked away. Goldman and the parent company of the New York Stock Exchange, Intercontinental Exchange, are moving ahead with their cryptocurrency trading operations despite tepid interest from customers. The giant asset manager Fidelity recently began working with a small number of big clients that want to hold cryptocurrencies.In Silicon Valley, Jack Dorsey, the chief executive of Twitter and the online payments company Square, announced last month that he was looking to hire three or four Bitcoin developers. He compared the technology to the early internet, both in its problems and its potential.Even in this “crypto winter,” as some are calling it, the depressed price of Bitcoin is still four times higher than it was at a peak in 2013, before an earlier crash.But few of the more practical ambitions for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have been realized, and it can still be hard to determine what is real and what is not real around digital tokens.An American company looking to set up Bitcoin investment funds, Bitwise Asset Management, recently said it had determined that 95 percent of the trading activity reported by Bitcoin exchanges around the world was fake.The structure of Bitcoin makes it hard to maintain control. All Bitcoins are accounted for on a decentralized ledger, known as the blockchain, which no single institution controls. Anyone can have access to it, giving free rein to bad actors.Regulators have not approved investment products tied to Bitcoin because of the likelihood that prices are being manipulated. But exchanges where investors can bet on the price movement of Bitcoin through futures contracts, without having to hold Bitcoins, have gained approval.The Chicago Mercantile Exchange, or C.M.E. has introduced a Bitcoin futures contract that has gained moderate traction with traders. Still, the market has been small enough that the C.M.E.’s competitor, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, said recently that it would stop issuing its own Bitcoin futures contract.Many market watchers have said that for Bitcoin to gain deeper traction with big investors, those investors will have to be able to buy and hold actual Bitcoins.Intercontinental Exchange had initially said it hoped to open up its cryptocurrency exchange, Bakkt, last fall, with the ability for investors to end up holding the Bitcoins they bought. Goldman Sachs also said last year that it was hoping to allow its customers to buy and hold Bitcoins.The Bakkt and Goldman Sachs efforts are still in limbo because of questions from regulators about how the institutions would hold Bitcoins for clients. Bakkt and Goldman Sachs declined to comment on the delays. Bakkt’s difficulties were recently detailed in The Wall Street Journal.For most traditional investments, like stocks or bonds, there are clearly established methods for securing customer accounts. But the design of Bitcoin means that if a Bitcoin is stolen from a Bitcoin wallet, where the digital tokens are stored, it is hard to get back.This has already been a big problem for many Bitcoin exchanges that have suffered crippling thefts and losses.“There is a lot of new ground being covered, and the regulators’ job is to be satisfied, not just to be fast,” said Thomas Chippas, the chief executive of another exchange hoping to cater to big investors, ErisX, which has also been held up by the regulators.Even if the authorities are able to get comfortable with the security arrangements at Bitcoin exchanges, there is the question of what application Bitcoin and other digital tokens might have outside of speculation.Many Bitcoin enthusiasts have argued that the original cryptocurrency is useful as a place to store value outside the control of any government or institution, as if it were a digital version of gold. But that narrative has been tested as the value of Bitcoin has bounced around. And other applications for Bitcoin, like using it to pay for things online, have not taken off.“I think it will be years and years before it will be ready for nonspeculative use cases,” Mr. Murray said. “Until now, it’s just been people buying it and hoping it’s going to go up. I think that’s not going to end for three or four years.”Samia was an influencer before she could talk.Her parents, Adam and LaToya Ali, are influencers themselves and began chronicling Samia’s impending arrival on YouTube and Instagram in 2014, once Ms. Ali learned she was pregnant. “Samia’s birth video is on YouTube, so she’s pretty much been born into social media,” Mr. Ali said. Samia is now 4 and has 143,000 followers on Instagram and 203,000 subscribers on YouTube. Her feeds are mostly populated with posts of her posing and playing, but they also feature paid promotions for brands like Crayola and HomeStyle Harvest chicken nuggets. There are instances when “Samia can’t verbatim get the message out,” Mr. Ali, who lives in the Atlanta area, said of the promotional posts. “Sometimes, their talking points are not kid talk, so LaToya would need to appear, or myself, to relay those because those are key deliverables that the brands want.” Welcome to the world of kidfluencers. Brands have flocked to influencers — individuals, famous or not, with large followings on social media — for years, hoping their online popularity will prompt their fans to buy the products they vouch for. Then child influencers started appearing on their parents’ profiles, a surreal but seemingly harmless offshoot of this phenomenon. Now, advertisers like Walmart, Staples and Mattel are bankrolling lucrative endorsements deals for toddlers and tweens with large followings and their own verified profiles on YouTube and Instagram. As a result, children too young to make their own accounts on the platforms are being turned into tastemakers. Instagram, owned by Facebook, and YouTube, which is part of Google, are designed for adults in large part because of a federal privacy law that protects children under 13. Bios for many of the younger influencers on Instagram note that the pages are “run by parents,” and YouTube channels are presumably registered to their guardians.Because they say their platforms are 13-and-older zones, technology companies do not have to comply with federal rules that limit targeted advertising and data collection. But Josh Golin, executive director of the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood, said the companies had no incentive to keep children off the sites. And as TV ratings continue to fall and children spend more time online, advertisers are spending more money to reach them there. “The fact that brands are using actual children as influencers is a very clear sign that they’re targeting children that they know are on these platforms,” Mr. Golin said. That can mean big money for the families of kidfluencers. Kyler Fisher, the father of 2-year-old identical twins who have more than two million followers on Instagram, said a sponsored post on the girls’ account could fetch between $10,000 and $20,000. The twins, Taytum and Oakley, have promoted car seats and Carnival Cruise Lines on Instagram. They are also central to the success of their parents’ YouTube channel, Kyler & Mad, which has about three million subscribers. Promotions on the family YouTube channel can draw $25,000 to $50,000.Fans are so interested in the family that their third child, due the first week of March, already has 112,000 Instagram followers.  “My kids complete the package, man,” Mr. Fisher said. “If we didn’t have the girls, I can’t imagine being as far as we are.”Another parent shared the prices commanded by the parent’s child on the condition of anonymity, citing concern that the disclosures could harm negotiations with brands. The parent said brands might pay $10,000 to $15,000 for a promotional Instagram post while a sponsored YouTube video might earn $45,000. A 30- to 90-second shout-out in a longer video can cost advertisers between $15,000 and $25,000. Brands are also pursuing children with smaller followings. The toy company Melissa & Doug emailed parents about a six-week influencer campaign last summer, offering payments and free toys for weekly Instagram posts of their children “having fun with the toys!” The company said it would pay $10 per 1,000 followers for individual Instagram posts and $5 per 1,000 followers for Instagram Story posts. The rise of this kind of advertising has raised questions involving fair compensation, oversight and work permits, especially since child labor guidelines vary by state.Andrea Faville, a YouTube spokeswoman, said that the site didn’t allow anyone under 13 to make or own accounts and that it worked “closely with experts, nonprofit organizations and others in our industry to protect families using our services.” YouTube came under fire last month after lewd comments by pedophiles were discovered on innocent videos of children; the company has since said it will suspend comments on most videos of minors. Some channels that can “demonstrate a low risk of predatory behavior” will keep comments but require moderators, the company said. It remains to be seen if disabling comments will hurt the kind of connections kidfluencers try to establish with their fans. Sravanthi Dev, a spokeswoman for Instagram, said that while the platform prohibited users 12 and under, their parents or representatives could create profiles for them “as long as it is clear in the bio information that the account is run by the parent or representative.” Michelle Foley’s 6-year-old daughter, Ava, and her best friend, Everleigh, also 6, have more than a million followers on their shared Instagram and YouTube accounts. YouTube’s analytics say Ava and Everleigh’s viewers are largely between the ages of 25 and 44, Ms. Foley said, but she said she thought the core audience was between 8 and 18. “When we go out, parents never know who we are, but kids do,” Ms. Foley said. Alex Chavez-Munoz, a founder of Viral Talent, which works with child influencers, also disputed the data.“When you see the analytics of a kidfluencer channel, the dominant audience is 25- to 34-year-old women,” Mr. Chavez-Munoz said. “That’s obviously not the case. The case is that the child is watching it on their parents’ device.”In December, a 9-year-old kidfluencer known as Txunamy shared a photo on Instagram and asked her more than two million followers to comment on it and share their ages. Thousands of replies flooded in: 9, 10, 11 years old.Captiv8, which connects brands with influencers, found more than 3,100 Instagram influencers, from a sample of 1.2 million accounts, who are likely under 13 based on terms in their bios like “managed by mom.” (Instagram has more than a billion users.) Each account had at least 1,000 followers. On YouTube, the much bigger kid influencer destination, there are toy accounts like Ryan ToysReview, whose young star earned $22 million in a year, according to Forbes. But children, under their parents’ watch, are also building followings on YouTube and Instagram as gamers, video bloggers, fashionistas, mischievous toddlers and personalities who anchor family channels, which are often a cross between reality TV, pranks and random skits. YouTube accounts can also bring in serious ad dollars without brand deals, which are shared with the site.Everleigh’s grandmother, whom Ms. Foley met when they worked together, came up with the idea of making an Instagram account for the girls when they were 10 months old, calling them “besties” and dressing them in matching outfits. The girls went “viral” eight months later after the account helped them land a modeling campaign for the Kardashian Kids line, Ms. Foley said. At that point, “we were like, ‘We should start a YouTube,’ but they couldn’t talk,” she said. “So then we kind of waited for them to start talking.”The girls also have their own separate Instagram accounts. Everleigh’s sponsored posts have included promotions for toys (“I’m excited to share that the new PAW Patrol Mighty Pups line is available exclusively at Walmart!”) and Disney dolls (“Everleigh is in LOVE with her Fancy Nancy dolls!”). The girls have made celebrities out of the rest of their families. Ava’s 1-year-old brother has 148,000 Instagram followers, and Everleigh’s newborn sister has a million. Recently, Everleigh started a YouTube channel, Everleigh Opens Toys, and Ava is interested in making one, too, Ms. Foley said.“If it wasn’t for Everleigh and Ava, I would not have what I have today,” she said. Brands want to team up with children for the same reasons they want to work with older social media personalities  — their follower counts, the ability to post more quickly than traditional ad agencies, the way the posts feel like recommendations from a friend. But advocates say these techniques can deceive children, who are in the early stages of understanding and recognizing advertisements. Children’s television, overseen by the Federal Communications Commission, has rules that separate ads from content and limit product placement and promotions by a program’s host or characters. The internet doesn’t. YouTube has its own guidelines for children’s advertising, but they are often hard to police. For example, the YouTube Kids app, designed for children 12 and under, is not supposed to contain sponsored content, but The New York Times found several paid advertorial videos from influencers there for companies like Walmart, Dreamworks and Claire’s. (YouTube removed the videos after The Times asked about them.)“It is very manipulative of young children,” said Kathryn Montgomery, a professor emerita at American University’s School of Communications. “With this form of promotion and advertising, there is a purposeful blurring of those lines.”Ava and Everleigh’s YouTube channel peppers sponsored videos among dance battles and hangouts with other influencers. Ms. Foley said the family could get 10 email requests a day from brands. The girls posted a 10-minute sponsored video for Mattel in November titled “First Sleepover Opening Giant Presents!” An adult asked the children, clad in matching pajamas, about their holiday wish list, which was “Barbie everything!” They appeared to sleep, then woke up, squealing, to wrapped Barbie merchandise. Mattel declined to comment on its child influencer strategy.In an advertorial video for Staples,  Txunamy declared her excitement about back-to-school shopping at the chain, then showcased her “haul.”“Whenever we work with younger influencers, all contracts and negotiations are conducted through their parents or talent agencies directly representing them,” said Meghan McCarrick, a spokeswoman for Staples.Social media stars aren’t typically considered actors under the law. In California, a portion of child actors’ earnings are set aside in a trust based on the decades-old Coogan Law, named for a former child star whose parents spent all his money by the time he turned 21. Similar trusts are required by New York, Louisiana and New Mexico. For kidfluencers, it's usually a voluntary decision by parents to create these accounts. Several families said they had established the accounts after working on traditional TV shows or national commercials. As for the children, it can be tough for them to understand how much of a fuss they’re creating. Samia’s father, Mr. Ali, said, “She doesn’t have a concept of viral or ‘views,’ so it’s almost like, for her, walking into an experiment to learn something — it’s more of us giving her a task or assignment, where she has something to conquer.”He added, “We’ll know when she gets a sense of her following and let her know what this all means.”WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court announced Monday that it would not hear a case about whether a New Jersey county could allow churches to participate in grant programs for historic preservation even though the State Constitution forbids using tax money “for building or repairing any church.”From 2012 to 2015, Morris County, N.J., gave more than $4.6 million to 12 churches to fix facades, stained-glass windows and aging roofs under a historic preservation program limited to local government, charitable conservancies and religious institutions.Last year, the New Jersey Supreme Court halted payments to the churches, saying the State Constitution specifically prohibits them. The court also ruled that the prohibition in the State Constitution did not run afoul of the federal Constitution’s guarantee of free exercise of religion.As is the United States Supreme Court’s custom, its brief order gave no reasons for turning down appeals from a county board and a church. Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh filed an opinion agreeing with the court’s decision not to hear the case but noting his view that “the decision of the New Jersey Supreme Court is in serious tension with this court’s religious equality precedents.”Justices Samuel A. Alito Jr. and Neil M. Gorsuch joined Justice Kavanaugh’s opinion, which said the New Jersey case was not the right vehicle in which to decide the question, partly because “the factual details of the Morris County program are not entirely clear.”The case, Morris County Board of Chosen Freeholders v. Freedom From Religion Foundation, No. 18-364, could have given give the United States Supreme Court an opportunity to explore the limits of its 2017 decision in Trinity Lutheran Church v. Comer. That decision said that Missouri could not exclude religious institutions from a state program to make playgrounds safer even though the state’s Constitution called for strict separation of church and state.“The consequence is, in all likelihood, a few extra scraped knees,” Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. wrote for the majority in the Missouri case. “But the exclusion of Trinity Lutheran from a public benefit for which it is otherwise qualified, solely because it is a church, is odious to our Constitution all the same, and cannot stand.”At the same time, then writing for four justices, Chief Justice Roberts emphasized the narrowness of the court’s decision. “This case involves express discrimination based on religious identity with respect to playground resurfacing,” he wrote. “We do not address religious uses of funding or other forms of discrimination.”A 2004 Supreme Court decision, Locke v. Davey, allowed Washington State to offer college scholarships to all students except those pursuing a degree in devotional theology. That case involved direct support for religion, Chief Justice Roberts wrote. Playgrounds, he argued, were a different matter.Writing for the New Jersey Supreme Court, Chief Justice Stuart Rabner said the grant program amounted to impermissible state support of religion.“This case does not involve the expenditure of taxpayer money for nonreligious uses, such as the playground resurfacing in Trinity Lutheran,” Chief Justice Rabner wrote. “The appeal instead relates to grants that sustain the continued use of active houses of worship for religious services and finance repairs to religious imagery. In our judgment, those grants constitute an impermissible religious use of public funds.”On Monday, Justice Kavanaugh wrote that the New Jersey case resembled the one from Missouri. “In this case,” he wrote, “New Jersey’s ‘No religious organizations need apply’ for historic preservation grants appears similar to, for example, Missouri’s ‘No religious schools need apply’ for school playground grants.’”Other kinds of religion cases can pose hard questions, Justice Kavanaugh wrote. “This kind of case, by contrast,” he wrote, “should not be as difficult: Barring religious organizations because they are religious from a general historic preservation grants program is pure discrimination against religion.”“At some point,” Justice Kavanaugh added, “this court will need to decide whether governments that distribute historic preservation funds may deny funds to religious organizations simply because the organizations are religious.”Ask for advice about finding a career path and it likely won’t be long before you hear “find your passion” or “do what you love and you’ll never work a day in your life.”But what if that dream career won’t pay enough for you to avoid making sacrifices about material comforts, having additional jobs or both? Does money matter if people feel strongly that they are doing what makes them happy and fulfilled?In “Does It Pay to Be a Writer?” Concepción de León considers these questions as they apply to professional writers:Writing has never been a lucrative career choice, but a recent study by the Authors Guild, a professional organization for book writers, shows that it may not even be a livable one anymore.According to the survey results, the median pay for full-time writers was $20,300 in 2017, and that number decreased to $6,080 when part-time writers were considered. The latter figure reflects a 42 percent drop since 2009, when the median was $10,500. These findings are the result of an expansive 2018 study of more than 5,000 published book authors, across genres and including both traditional and self-published writers.“In the 20th century, a good literary writer could earn a middle class living just writing,” said Mary Rasenberger, executive director of the Authors Guild, citing William Faulkner, Ernest Hemingway and John Cheever. Now, most writers need to supplement their income with speaking engagements or teaching. Strictly book-related income — which is to say royalties and advances — are also down, almost 30 percent for full-time writers since 2009.Students, read the entire article, then tell us:— What information from the article, if any, surprises you? Why?— In light of what you just read, why do you think people still pursue careers in writing or other industries that typically do not pay much?— What importance, if any, do you think people should put on potential earnings when choosing a career?— What sort of job do you think you will seek someday? How important to you is the salary that you would earn in that job?— What is your response to advice like “do what you love,” when it comes to choosing a career? Explain.Students 13 and older are invited to comment. All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public.The best way to understand Mike Trout, the outfielder for baseball’s Los Angeles Angels, who on Tuesday reportedly agreed to the richest contract in North American sports, is as the perfect reflection of his sport.Little known to many Americans, including some sports fans, Trout, 27, is the best player in a game that has frequently been mocked as a fading form of entertainment with primarily regional audiences.Baseball is often dismissed as far less enticing than the N.F.L., which is believed to bring in more than $14 billion annually even with its health and safety issues. Baseball also is called less dynamic than the N.B.A., even though it had about $2 billion less in revenue than M.L.B. last year.So when Trout’s 12-year, $430 million contract was revealed, it prompted an obvious question: How could a sport that is struggling to attract a new generation of fans, and that is facing a potentially bruising labor fight with its players in two years, afford yet another nine-figure contract?News of Trout’s deal came about three weeks after outfielder Bryce Harper accepted a 13-year, $330 million contract  with the Phillies and a month after infielder Manny Machado got a 10-year, $300 million deal from the San Diego Padres.The answer has more to do with the mechanics of the collective bargaining agreement between players and owners than with anything that might constitute a referendum on the game’s popularity. There are several dynamics at work in the sport, where huge wealth still flows to the best of the best, while there is less money left over for the so-called middle class, despite continuing growth in baseball’s revenues.Owners, it seems, have figured out how to keep costs down by using younger players, who are cheaper than veterans, thus freeing up cash for the occasional megadeal. Players like Trout, Harper and Machado benefit, while others are forced to accept less.“In the past, teams were valuing players differently,” said James Paxton, a starting pitcher for the Yankees. “For a long time, that system was fine. Now that the teams have changed the way they’re valuing players, especially older players, it’s kind of broken the system and it is forcing us to take a look at it.”In a study that has not yet been published, J.C. Bradbury, an economics professor at Kennesaw State University, calculated that baseball revenue rose at an average rate of 6.6 percent from 2003 to 2015, while player salaries rose at an average rate of just 4.4 percent.Major League Baseball revenues reached $10.3 billion last year. The sources include evermore money from guaranteed sources, like multibillion-dollar media deals for the entire sport and other lucrative media contracts, many at the local level. Less important have been ticket sales, which generally fluctuate with wins and losses.With the shift in valuation of players, the average salary went down in 2018 for the first time in 14 years (to a little more than $4 million), according to the players association. It was just the fourth time in the last 50 years that the average has gone down.Dan Halem, the deputy commissioner of M.L.B., said there was no evidence of teams not trying to win, and he painted a very different picture of baseball’s economics.Salaries have gone up on average 5.3 percent each year since 2012, keeping pace with baseball’s revenue growth during that time, he said, and while the pay may have been slightly down or flat in 2018, one year does not make a trend. He also said that over the last decade the players had received a consistent percentage of the game’s revenue, from 52 to 57 percent.“In a market-based system, depending upon the year and how our clubs are valuing players,” said Halem, “certain players do better than others.”Yet words like “collusion” and “strike” — once the third rails of the sport, especially after the ruinous strike of 1994-1995 — are now regularly uttered by players and agents — despite the huge contracts.Focusing on giant deals misses the bigger picture, according to Jeff Borris, a longtime baseball agent who has represented stars like Barry Bonds, and is now the general counsel of the Ballengee Group, a sports representation agency.“Contracts like Trout’s and Harper’s are aberrations,” Borris said. “The focus should be more on things like why isn’t Dallas Keuchel signed or the contract that Gio Gonzalez just signed. Those are the areas that are of concern.”Keuchel, a two-time All-Star starting pitcher for the Houston Astros, remained unsigned one week before opening day, while Gonzalez, a solid, durable starting pitcher, has signed a minor-league deal with the Yankees.“I think the owners are manipulating the system to their advantage,” Borris said.For decades, baseball players have been represented by what is widely considered to be the strongest union in all of professional sports. As a result, baseball has no limits on salaries, though its luxury tax, which penalizes a team after its payroll rises above $206 million, can function as a de facto cap.The problem now, at least as articulated by players, is that while teams reward superstars, they no longer feel compelled to spend to win if they do not believe they already have the pieces in place to compete for a championship.“Why is there not an interest in players that can help teams win, particularly as we get to the last two weeks of spring training?” Tony Clark, the executive director of the players association, said before the Trout deal was reached.Despite baseball’s strong union, certain provisions that kept salaries rising for decades turned out to be norms, not hard and fast rules.Baseball players do not become free agents until they accrue six years of service time. They are generally paid at the league minimum for their first three seasons, while in the next three they can receive higher salaries through negotiation or arbitration. This leads to odd situations like Trout’s being voted the American League most valuable player in his third full season while earning just $1 million.This used to be acceptable to players because they made up for it on the back end of their careers. There are the infamous albatross contracts given to veterans, like the $125 million extension signed by Ryan Howard in 2010, but most of the time it was veteran players being paid a fair wage, or being slightly overpaid, well into their 30s, and sometimes 40s.It’s not a coincidence that Trout, Harper and Machado all got their megadeals at the age of 27 or younger. But as the circumstances of older players like Gonzalez and Keuchel demonstrate, teams have been working on the assumption that a veteran’s abilities are likely to decline soon after his salary peaks and that it makes sense to use younger players, who can fill out a roster at lower costs and risks — even if the chance to make the playoffs is also reduced.“I don’t think that we thought that teams all of a sudden were going to just stop competing to the degree that they are now,” said Adam Ottavino, a Yankees pitcher. “A lot of things changed really fast.”LOS ANGELES — Matt Kuchar had heard enough. Battered by criticism that he had essentially stiffed a caddie who helped him win a tournament last November in Mexico, he took action to make amends on Friday, issuing a statement in which he apologized for his initial actions and also said he had now paid the caddie a good deal more money.In the 15-line statement, which was released while he was playing the rain-delayed first and second rounds of the Genesis Open in Los Angeles, Kuchar said he had now given the caddie, David Giral Ortiz, a much bigger sum than the $5,000 he originally paid him after capturing the first-place prize of $1.296 million at the Mayakoba Golf Classic.In issuing the statement, Kuchar clearly hoped to put an end to the bad tidings that had sullied his image and cast him as a tone-deaf American with a let-them-eat-cake attitude.“Golf is a game where we call penalties on ourselves,” Kuchar said in the statement. “I should have done that long ago and not let this situation escalate.”The statement did not specify how much more Kuchar had sent Ortiz’s way, but it appears an additional $45,000 was paid out.Ortiz had been asking for a total of $50,000, according to Marc Graubart, a Houston businessman working on the caddie’s behalf, and Kuchar, in his statement, said Ortiz had now been paid what he was seeking.Kuchar’s apology came at the end of a trying week for him, and after a challenging first round on Friday at the Riviera Country Club, where he heard the usual genial chants of “Kooooch” from some of his fans but also a number of barbs from others about his perceived parsimony.Kuchar, 40, has earned more than $45 million as a professional golfer, but his problems began when he won a tournament in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, that he had basically entered on a whim.In a typical PGA Tour arrangement, a caddie receives a flat rate of $1,500 for a tournament, which helps cover expenses, and a bonus worth 10 percent of the golfer’s winnings. For Ortiz, a local caddie who is also known as El Tucan, that would have amounted to about $130,000.Instead, Ortiz told Michael Bamberger of Golf.com, he and Kuchar had agreed on a $3,000 payment plus an unspecified amount of whatever money Kuchar won at the tournament.Kuchar, meanwhile, said he had promised Ortiz $1,000 if he missed the cut, $2,000 if he made the cut, $3,000 for a top-20 finish and $4,000 for a top-10 finish, with no specifications for how much more he would pay Ortiz if he finished first.Which Kuchar proceeded to do, ending a four-year winless drought. At that point, Kuchar gave Ortiz $5,000 — the $4,000 he said they had agreed upon for the top-10 finish and a $1,000 bonus. Kuchar confirmed that total to Golf.com and added, “For a guy who makes $200 a day, a $5,000 week is a really big week.”But the tone and content of that comment were quickly pounced on, particularly by people from outside the insular world of golf. And some golf fans weren’t too pleased by Kuchar’s attitude, either. As Kuchar walked down the first fairway on Friday morning, one fan stopped walking and shouted in Kuchar’s direction. “Frugal, just frugal,’’ the fan yelled. “I pay my caddie more.”The fan, Brent Weiss, who described himself as a kindergarten teacher, said Kuchar had been his favorite player. But not anymore.“How do you tip a caddie $1,000 when you’ve made $1.3 million?” Weiss said. “To me, I think that’s called discrimination.”Weiss added, “I can’t even look at the guy.”Not surprisingly, Kuchar also found himself the target of increasing indignation on social media.In his statement on Friday, Kuchar, who is considered one of the more affable players on the tour, said he viewed his initial comments in defense of the $5,000 payment as “out of touch and insensitive.”“They made it seem like I was marginalizing David Ortiz and his financial situation, which was not my intention,’’ the statement added. “I read them again and cringed. That is not who I am and not what I want to represent.”Kuchar declined to comment as he walked off the course on Friday. When play was halted for the day, he still had five holes to complete in the second round.A nine-time Tour winner, Kuchar serves as a brand spokesman for several companies, including Skechers shoes, Bridgestone Golf and Royal Bank of Canada. Before turning professional in 2000, Kuchar, who had starred at Georgia Tech, worked for a year as an investment banker.Ortiz, a father of two, lives in a rented house and takes the bus to his job at the golf course. And the fact that he was paid only $5,000 by Kuchar might not have become as widely known as it did were it not for the efforts of Graubart, who regularly employs Ortiz during golf vacations in Mexico.In a telephone interview on Thursday, Graubart said he happened to be with Ortiz in Mexico last month when questions about how much Kuchar had paid him surfaced. They saw Kuchar on television during a tournament in Hawaii, telling reporters that he had paid Ortiz more than $3,000 for his services but less than 10 percent of his total earnings.Graubart said he then quizzed Ortiz about the details of his unwritten agreement with Kuchar. At which point, Graubart said, he explained the typical pay scale to Ortiz, who seemed unaware that he could have earned more money.Graubart said he and a friend helped Ortiz write emails to Kuchar’s agent, Mark Steinberg, requesting more compensation. In a Jan. 23 email, which The New York Times obtained, Ortiz wrote that he had asked Kuchar for a percentage of his first-place check if he were to win. The existence of the emails was first reported by Golf.com.“Matt said ‘sure’ with a smile,” Ortiz wrote in the email, “not believing that he would actually win the tournament.”A few days later, Graubart said, Ortiz received an offer of $20,000 from a tournament director who appeared to be acting on behalf of Kuchar’s agent. But Graubart said Ortiz had requested $50,000, and the caddie then wrote an email asking if he could deal directly with Steinberg, who replied: “I am out of the country. What Matt has offered is fair.”Some golf fans clearly disagreed. A GoFundMe account had been set up on Ortiz’s behalf and late on Thursday night, the total had reached $2,226.But Kuchar had a significant change of heart, and now Ortiz has a lot more than that in his bank account.Soon after Jayme Closs, 13, disappeared in Wisconsin in October, officials offered a $50,000 reward for information that would lead to her safe return. Now Jayme, who escaped from a kidnapper after she was abducted and her parents were killed, will receive at least half of it.That $25,000 was donated by Hormel Foods, the Minnesota-based company that owns Jennie-O Turkey Store, where Jayme’s parents had worked in Barron, Wis., for 27 years.“First and foremost, Jennie-O Turkey Store is a family,” Steve Lykken, a senior vice president of Hormel and the president of Jennie-O, said on Wednesday. “Here in Barron, our Jennie-O family is dealing with a very tragic situation.” The goal, he added, is to set up a trust fund for Jayme.The girl’s parents, James Closs, 56, and Denise Closs, 46, were killed on Oct. 15 when an intruder entered their home, shot them and kidnapped their daughter. Jayme was held for 88 days in a cabin 70 miles from her home by a man, identified as Jake T. Patterson, who forced her to hide under a bed whenever he left, trapping her in with heavy items, the authorities said.She managed to escape on Jan. 10, clawing her way out from under the bed, putting on a pair of men’s shoes and running to a nearby road where she asked a woman for help.[After her kidnapping, Jayme Closs endured horror, the police said.]“I’m Jayme Closs,” the woman recalled the girl saying. “I don’t know where I am.”Jayme has been staying with relatives since she was found.The kidnapping upended the rural community where the Closses lived. The authorities received thousands of tips. Last month, Jennie-O organized a “Tree of Hope” lighting ceremony for Jayme’s safe return.“While we are still mourning the loss of longtime family members Jim and Denise, we are so thankful for Jayme’s brave escape and that she is back in Barron,” Mr. Lykken said this week.The other $25,000 in reward money had been put forward by the F.B.I. Leonard Peace, a public information officer for the agency in Wisconsin, declined to comment on whether it would pay Jayme the money, given that she saved herself.“Our general practice is to refrain from disclosing details on the final decisions in these matters due to privacy considerations,” he said in a statement. “The F.B.I. evaluates the information provided along with the unique circumstances of the case and its resolution, and determines whether it is appropriate to award reward money.”[A Georgia case involving escaped inmates and slain prison guards shows that doling out reward money can get complicated.]But others have chipped in to help Jayme. A representative for GoFundMe confirmed that a campaign started on Jan. 11 to help the girl was verified. So far, the organizer, who is a family member of Jayme’s, has raised more than $34,000.The scraps of paper swirled through the Guggenheim Museum in New York on Saturday night like confetti, thrown from an upper walkway into the central rotunda before floating to the ground.Designed to look like prescription slips for OxyContin, the powerful opioid painkiller, they were part of the latest protest targeting cultural institutions that accept donations from members of the Sackler family who own Purdue Pharma, the maker of the drug.Education facilities at the Guggenheim, including a theater and an exhibition gallery, are housed inside the 8,200-square-foot Sackler Center for Arts Education, identified by the museum as “a gift of the Mortimer D. Sackler Family.”The cloud of white slips, created by a group founded by the photographer Nan Goldin, was a response to a recently disclosed statement by Richard Sackler, the son of a Purdue founder, who said years ago that OxyContin’s launch would be “followed by a blizzard of prescriptions that will bury the competition.”“The prescription blizzard will be so deep, dense and white,” added Mr. Sackler, then a Purdue senior vice president, according to a lawsuit filed by the Massachusetts attorney general’s office.The lawsuit says some Sackler family members directed years of efforts to mislead doctors and patients about the dangers of OxyContin, which has generated enormous profits while more than 200,000 people in the United States have died from overdoses related to prescription opioids.Purdue has denied wrongdoing and said the court filings contain inaccuracies, adding that the company is working to curtail the misuse of prescription painkillers. A representative for members of the Sackler family who own Purdue could not immediately be reached.Those members of the Sackler family with connections to Purdue have been largely reticent about that relationship. Some have held positions within family foundations that have given tens of millions of dollars to institutions like the Guggenheim and the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.Other members of the Sackler family, including some who donate to art organizations, have said they have no ownership stake in Purdue and have not profited from OxyContin.Recent reports suggesting that the family was far more involved than the company has long contended led to Saturday’s event by Prescription Addiction Intervention Now, the group Ms. Goldin founded after recovering from three years of addiction to OxyContin.Last year the group staged a protest inside the Metropolitan Museum of Art, which has received donations from members of the Sackler family.“The Sacklers have premeditatedly gotten people addicted for profit,” Ms. Goldin said after the Guggenheim demonstration. She added that protests would continue until museums stopped accepting money from members of the Sackler family, stopped using the family’s name and made “strong statements” acknowledging those decisions.Members of the group said they were starting a campaign to lobby organizations, including the Guggenheim, the Met, the American Museum of Natural History and the Dia Art Foundation, to take those steps.After leaving the Guggenheim, several dozen people marched down Fifth Avenue carrying a banner that read “Shame on Sackler.” They stopped outside the Met, where some of them spoke about the toll that opioid addiction has taken.The Guggenheim did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Last month the Met issued a statement saying the Sackler family has been connected with the museum for more than a half-century, decades before the opioid crisis.“The Met is currently engaging in a further review of our detailed gift acceptance policies,” the statement added. “And we will have more to report in due course.”The future success of the Democratic Party depends on the crucial — but unsettled — allegiance of the nation’s growing Hispanic electorate.Fernand Amandi, a Democratic pollster and podcast host based in Miami, addressed the party’s Latino quandary in a December interview with The Associated Press:The question is not are Democrats winning the Hispanic vote — it’s why aren’t Democrats winning the Hispanic vote 80-20 or 90-10 the way they are winning black voters?In an interview earlier this week, Amandi told me that Democrats “want and hope for this magical osmosis to happen but that’s not how politics works.”In the 2018 midterms, Democrats showed gains among Hispanic voters in most states, compared with 2014. Party operatives are concerned, however, about the slow rate of growth of these improved Democratic margins. They are equally worried about turnout — at a time when many thought that President Trump’s rhetoric and policies would produce impressive gains among Latino voters for the Democratic Party.Take turnout. Hispanics are one of the fastest growing ethnic constituencies in the United States, but their level of political participation is not keeping pace with their overall population numbers.As the accompanying Pew chart demonstrates, the number of Hispanic voters in midterm elections has grown steadily, from 2.9 million in 1986 to 6.8 million in 2014. At the same time, however, turnout — measured as a percentage of total eligible adult citizens 18 and over — has experienced a relative decline.In 1986, the Latino turnout rate was 38.7 percent; in 2014, that rate fell to 27.1 percent. If the 2014 turnout rate had been as high as it was in 1986, Hispanics would have cast 9.7 million ballots instead of 6.8 million. (Complete numbers for 2018 are still being compiled.)In a preliminary analysis of Hispanic voter turnout last year, Catalist, a Democratic firm that builds voter lists, found significant increases in turnout of three to five percent, comparing 2018 with the 2014 midterms. Texas, Nevada and California saw five percent increases, Florida four percent, New Mexico and New York three percent.Turnout rates and levels of support are two key (but quite different) political measures. While Latinos had a turnout rate of 27.1 percent in 2014, their support for Democratic House candidates that year was 62 percent. Their support for Republican House candidates was 36 percent, according to exit polls.While Democratic support among Hispanics has improved over the past decade, from the low 60s to the high 60s, there is evidence suggesting that those gains cannot be relied upon in future elections.In the midterm elections, Florida became the prime example of such unreliability, as Republicans demonstrated they could buck state and national trends to make substantial gains among Hispanics.Republicans won two close statewide races in Florida in 2018, one for senate and one for governor — despite the gradual erosion of Republican support among Cuban-Americans in the state and despite the continuing influx of pro-Democratic Puerto Ricans in the wake of Hurricane Maria in 2017.Simon Rosenberg, president of NDN, formerly the New Democrat Network, a pro-Democratic think tank, wrote, “In All Important Florida, Democrats Lose Ground With Hispanic Voters” a month after the 2018 election:In an election where Democrats had one of their best years ever with Hispanic voters across the country, Florida Democrats saw their Hispanic numbers decline. Nationally, Democrats went from 62-36 (26 pts) in 2014 to 69-29 (40 pts) this election. In Florida, Democrats went from 58-38 (20 pts) in 2014 to 54-44 (10 pts) this year.As Rosenberg pointed out, this shift occurred despite the fact that Trump did everything possible to alienate Latinos, along with undercutting Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis, the winning Republican candidates for Senate and governor.Rosenberg noted that Trump hadrelentlessly attacked immigrants and Hispanics in particular. He grossly mismanaged the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, sending hundreds of thousands of Puerto Ricans fleeing to Central Florida. He revoked the temporary status of many immigrants in Florida. Given all this, one would have imagined the environment for Democrats to make gains among Hispanics was present in Florida this year, gains which were made elsewhere. Yet we fell back.By all accounts, Scott and DeSantis campaigned almost daily in Hispanic precincts, while their Democratic opponents, Bill Nelson and Andrew Gillum, took the Hispanic vote for granted.“We had no infrastructure,” Christian Ulvert, Gillum’s director for Spanish-language media, told Politico:And honestly, Democrats have been playing catch-up on Hispanic outreach for two decades, because Republicans have invested in it. You can’t close that gap overnight.Politico described Nelson’s bid for a fourth term as “a uniquely lazy campaign that made laughably ineffectual attempts to engage with Hispanics.”Melissa Michelson, a political scientist at Menlo College in California and president of the Latino caucus of the American Political Science Association, described in an email the changing political orientation of Florida’s Cuban-Americans.In a 1989-90 survey, Michelson wrote, 68.8 percent of Cuban-Americans identified with Republicans. Since then there have been significant changes: Over the years, she continued, Pew has documented a steady decline in Cuban-Americans’ Republican identification, from 64 percent in 2002 to 56 percent in 2006 to 47 percent in 2013.Despite the decline in Republican support among Cuban-Americans, Michelson emphasized thatThere has always been a contingent of Latinos who identify as Republican and are more interested in Republican/conservative (or anti-Communist) policies than in immigration issues or racism. Recall that 40 percent of Latinos voted for Bush in 2004. Reagan also enjoyed considerable Latino support. I think many Democrats are continually perplexed by this — that there could be Latino voters who are willing to support a president (or candidate) like Trump whose rhetoric and policies are so clearly anti-Latino and racist.While Scott and DeSantis revived Cuban-American willingness to support Republicans, two of the three Florida House seats that had been represented by Cuban-American Republicans switched parties in 2018.Revealing a contrast to Florida, Matt A. Barreto, a political scientist at U.C.L.A. and a co-founder of Latino Decisions, analyzed turnout and voting patterns in Texas. In a March report, Barreto described a huge pro-Democratic turnout increase there, ranging from 105 to 125 percent in eight counties where Hispanics make up more than 90 percent of the population. There were significant gains in counties with white majorities of 83 to 91 percent too, but these upturns were smaller, in the 35 to 55 percent range.The ability of two conservative Florida Republicans to make such inroads simply by campaigning diligently suggests that the Democratic hold on Latinos is less firm than many believed.So where do Latinos stand politically?The NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll surveyed 918 Hispanics during 2018 and found that Trump’s job approval rating was a relatively dismal 30 percent, 21 points below his 51 percent favorability rating among whites, but 18 points higher than his 12 percent approval rate among African-Americans.The data, provided to The Times by Public Opinion Strategies, one of the two firms that conducted the survey, found that Trump’s approval among Hispanics was highest among men and among the affluent — 40 percent for both — and among men without college degrees, at 39 percent.A 2018 Pew report, “Key takeaways about Latino voters in the 2018 midterm elections,” found that Hispanics cast a decisive majority of votes for Democratic congressional candidates (69-29), a smaller percentage of votes, however, than African-Americans (90-9) and Asian-Americans (77-23). Whites backed Republicans, 54 to 44.In a state-by-state breakdown, Pew found that in the Texas Senate race, Latinos backed Democrat Beto O’Rourke over Ted Cruz by nearly two to one, 64-35, while Greg Abbott, the incumbent Republican governor, lost the Hispanic vote to Democratic challenger Lupe Valdez, 53-42.In Florida, Democrats Gillum and Nelson won the Hispanic vote by nearly equal percentages (54-44 and 54-45) — but in both cases by margins that were inadequate to produce overall victory.The Democratic winner in the Nevada Senate race, Jacky Rosen, did far better among Hispanics, who backed her over Dean Heller, the Republican incumbent, 67-30.While many Democrats expected Trump’s anti-immigrant rhetoric and policies, especially the family separation debacle, to produce a decisive shift to the left among Hispanics, that has not proved to be the case.An October 2018 Pew report found that almosthalf of Latinos (48 percent) believe there is about the right amount of immigrants living in the U.S., while a quarter say there are too many immigrants and 14 percent say there are too few. Three quarters of Hispanics opposed Trump’s proposal to build a wall along the Mexican border, while one in five favors construction.In an email, Barreto, of Latino Decisions, argued that Democratic support among Hispanics remains solid:I do not see anything since November 2018 to suggest Dems are losing any support at all. Trump continues on the same path of bashing immigrants and bashing Latinos without evidence and this only further decreases his favorability among Latinos.Asked about the declining share of eligible Hispanics turning out on Election Day, Barreto countered that the growing numbers of eligible Latinos arealmost entirely driven by U.S. born young Latinos turning 18 and entering the eligible voter pool.In a common pattern, Barreto pointed out, “young people have very low rates of voter registration and voter turnout — especially in midterm elections.”Because of that, Barreto said that in order to get a better picture, the data should be age-adjusted so that turnout levels of older voters of different races and ethnicities could be compared.Barreto is also sharply critical of most polling of Hispanics and of exit polls in particular, arguing that the lack of Spanish-speaking interviewers results in an undercount of Hispanic turnout as well as inaccurate estimates of Republican and Democratic votes.In addition, candidates and political parties have to make a much stronger case to young Hispanics that their vote matters, according to Barreto:Otherwise, you will only get incremental growth each year — which still puts Latinos as a larger and larger share of the electorate, but perhaps not as large as we could be.Rosenberg, of NDN, argues that the Democratic Party did not start targeting the Hispanic electorate “with modern campaign tactics and communications” until the 2006-8 period. Those efforts immediately bore fruit, Rosenberg contended in an email:Remember that in 2004 Bush won Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Nevada. Now Colorado and New Mexico are no longer really competitive at the presidential level, Nevada is slipping away from the Republicans, and Democrats elected a Senator in 2018 in Arizona.Texas, according to Rosenberg, “is about to hit a tipping point,” in large part because of the Hispanic vote.What conclusions and what questions remain in the wake of these complex and sometimes conflicting trends in the Hispanic electorate?First and foremost, Latinos remain a decisively Democratic constituency, with important caveats.Brian Schaffner, a political scientist at Tufts and co-principal researcher at the Cooperative Congressional Election Study, wrote in an email that nationally, Hispanic support for Democrats has been relatively consistent.Schaffner provided the accompanying graph, which shows the level of voting for Democrats in House contests in the six elections from 2008 to 2018 for whites, blacks, Asian-Americans and Hispanics. The Hispanic Democratic vote shows a significant 8.6 point increase from 2014 to 2016 and a 13.6-point increase from 2014 to 2018 — call it the Trump jump — although the increase in the percentage of Asian-Americans voting for Democrats was even larger at 20.2 points.Latinos’ partisan loyalties are much less hard and fast than, say, those of either African-Americans or white evangelicals. The results in Florida demonstrate that Democrats risk defeat if they fail to campaign heavily in Hispanic communities, and Republicans stand to gain at the margins if they are prepared to invest time, money and energy.The major question mark going into 2020, assuming Trump is the Republican nominee, is whether Hispanic opposition to his presidency will prevent a recurrence of the Florida 2018 phenomenon. Will Trump’s presence so nationalize the election that down-ballot Republicans will face a brick wall when they try to make modest inroads among Hispanics?To date, Trump has shown every intention of turning the election into a referendum on himself, and all the baggage he carries, with no regard for the political survival of fellow Republicans. If anything, he appears determined to drive up hostility to him among Latinos. For the past two days, for example, the president has ranted on Twitter, attacking Puerto Rico and its political leaders.On Monday, he told his Twitter followers:Puerto Rico got far more money than Texas & Florida combined, yet their government can’t do anything right, the place is a mess — nothing works.On Tuesday, he was still at it:All their local politicians do is complain & ask for more money. The pols are grossly incompetent, spend the money foolishly or corruptly, & only take from USA.Behaving this way, Trump may succeed in driving up support among “his people,” as he likes to call his voters. But if he keeps it up, he will be doing both his Democratic opponent and the Democratic Party as a whole a huge favor as far as the Latino vote goes.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.President Trump’s 2020 budget request of an extra $291 million to fight the spread of H.I.V., experts said on Tuesday, will not be remotely sufficient to meet the goal he announced in his State of the Union address: to nearly eliminate the AIDS epidemic in the United States within 10 years.Mr. Trump’s plan focuses on 48 counties where about half of new infections occur, and seeks to cut the rate of new infections by 90 percent — from about 40,000 a year to about 4,000. Virtually all H.I.V. experts agree that his plan is medically sound. People living with H.I.V. cannot transmit the virus if they are taking a daily triple-therapy drug cocktail. And a two-drug regimen, in a single daily pill known as PrEP, makes it almost impossible to get H.I.V., even through unprotected sex or needle use.But the plan requires a vast two-pronged attack. All Americans with H.I.V. must be found, put on antiretroviral drugs and kept on them for life; and all those at high risk of infection must be put on PrEP for as many years as they are sexually active or using drugs.The cost of doing that will be daunting. About 1.1 million Americans have the virus, and about one million are in danger of getting it. Finding, treating and keeping them all in treatment, experts estimated, could add another $25 billion a year to the $20 billion a year that the federal government, by its own estimates, already spends on H.I.V. prevention and treatment.Calculating the total price is complicated, because so many expenses are tucked into so many budgets. One government agency does vaccine research, another does public education, and many pay for medical care. Mr. Trump’s $291 million is discretionary spending; for example, it would help the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention do more testing and would assist local clinics in reaching more people at risk.But one way or another, the drugs must be paid for, and private insurers will not foot the whole bill. Many of those affected are uninsured or covered under Medicare, Medicaid, the Veterans Affairs department, the Indian Health Service, the Ryan White H.I.V./AIDS Program or other government programs.Mr. Trump’s budget request envisions giving the Ryan White program another $120 million next year — but simultaneously cutting Medicare and Medicaid by more than $2 trillion over 10 years. That’s why Mr. Trump’s attacks on Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act are “so problematic,” said Jeffrey S. Crowley, a director of the White House Office of National AIDS Policy during the Obama administration. Programs like those foot the biggest bills.Over the years, several administrations have announced plans to halt the spread of H.I.V. In 2001, the C.D.C. said it would cut new infections in half within five years. (The rate did not budge.) In 2010, President Obama laid out his strategy, updating it in 2015.The Obama administration did not estimate the strategy’s cost, Mr. Crowley said.But an analysis of it in 2017 by experts at Massachusetts General Hospital concluded that the effort would require an additional $120 billion over 20 years, and that new infections would be cut by only 40 percent during that time.By contrast, Mr. Trump’s plan envisions cutting infections by 90 percent in half that time, noted Dr. Rochelle P. Walensky, the lead author of the Mass General analysis. Mr. Trump’s plan would use PrEP to protect the uninfected, while Mr. Obama’s plan envisioned using only condoms.Because those medications are so expensive, Dr. Walensky estimated that the total additional cost of Mr. Trump’s plan could easily reach $250 billion over a decade.When antiretroviral triple therapy was adopted in 1996, it cost about $20,000 a year. Since then, the Food and Drug Administration has approved 30 antiretroviral drugs and a dozen one-pill combinations. But the price has only gone up. A typical treatment regimen is now as much as $50,000 a year. Truvada, the only pill now approved for H.I.V. prevention, is $20,000 a year.At those prices, the drug bill alone for 2.1 million people would be $75 billion a year.The next biggest item, Dr. Walensky said, would be laboratory testing. Finding most of the 1.1 million infected people in the American population of 325 million would require tens of millions of H.I.V. tests. They cost only $10 each, “but the manpower costs are not trivial,” she said. And various lab tests would cost about $325 per person per year. Doctor’s bills would also mount. Relatively healthy H.I.V. patients cost about $3,600 a year in medical expenses; sick patients needing hospitalization cost $40,000, on average.“Adherence” costs — paying case managers and counselors to track reluctant patients and keep them on their pills, which can even include personally escorting them to medical visits — add about $400 a year per patient.“That’s ballpark,” Dr. Walensky said. “It’s kind of a squirrelly figure.” A representative for the Department of Health and Human Services shown a summary of Dr. Walensky’s cost calculations declined to comment on it.Deep cuts in drug prices “would be a huge win in controlling the epidemic,” Dr. Walensky said, because those savings would cover the counseling, testing, doctor’s visits and other costs. The actual costs of making H.I.V. medications are far lower than their retail prices might suggest.Triple-therapy drug cocktails considered state-of-the-art here as recently as two years ago are now available as generics from India for as little as $72 a year. (American taxpayers buy at those prices for patients in Africa through the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief.)Generic versions of Truvada are as little as $50.Even when the sky-high costs in the United States can be covered by one program or another, the paperwork baffles patients. Many, feeling overwhelmed, just drift off and never start on medication.“Every glitch is a chance for the health system to fail,” Mr. Crowley said.Only about a tenth of all Americans who should be on PrEP are on it. In a recent poll of gay men in California, 87 percent said they would take PrEP if it were free; almost 60 percent believed they could not afford it.Clinicians treating H.I.V. patients are frustrated.Dr. Leandro Mena, medical director of Open Arms Healthcare, a Mississippi clinic focused on reaching gay black men in the rural South, argued that “the U.S. should buy the license for PrEP and give it free to every person who needs it.”Legally, the government does not need to buy the license. By law, it can simply take patent licenses away, as it can driving or hunting licenses. Various federal statutes allow officials to do so in return for paying royalties or, sometimes, while paying nothing.That threat can be wielded to pressure a drug company to slash prices, said James P. Love, an expert on patients and director of Knowledge Ecology International, an advocacy group focusing on intellectual property.In 1917, the government exercised this authority against the Wright Brothers to force their company to lower the price of airplanes for the Army and Navy. Today, however, the federal government almost never uses that power. In 2001, during the anthrax scare that followed the World Trade Center attacks, Tommy G. Thompson, the secretary of health and human services, pressured Bayer A.G., which held the patent on Cipro, an antidote to inhaled anthrax, to sharply cut prices. Mr. Thompson threatened to seek congressional permission to import generic ciprofloxacin for the government stockpile. (Alex M. Azar II, the current secretary of health and human services, was the department’s general counsel at the time.)Additionally, government has “march-in rights” under the 1980 Bayh-Dole Act, Mr. Love said, because it paid for much of the original research on Truvada’s component drugs. Those rights allow officials to “march in” and reassign the patent to other manufacturers without compensation if the medicine is needed for government purposes. Behind the scenes, the pharmaceutical lobby is fighting to cancel march-in rights. At the lobby’s request, Mr. Love said, the National Institute of Standards and Technology has proposed limiting march-in rights only to “declared national emergencies” — which would not include using them just because the prices were too high.ISTANBUL — For 17 years, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan won elections by offering voters a vision of restoring the glories of Turkey’s Ottoman past. He extended his country’s influence with increased trade and military deployments, and he raised living standards with years of unbroken economic growth.But after a failed 2016 coup, Mr. Erdogan embarked on a sweeping crackdown. Last year, the economy wobbled and the lira plunged soon after he won re-election with even greater powers. As cronyism and authoritarianism seep deeper into his administration, Turks are voting differently — this time with their feet.They are leaving the country in droves and taking talent and capital with them in a way that indicates a broad and alarming loss of confidence in Mr. Erdogan’s vision, according to government statistics and analysts.In the last two to three years, not only have students and academics fled the country, but also entrepreneurs, businesspeople, and thousands of wealthy individuals who are selling everything and moving their families and their money abroad.Some 113,000 Turks emigrated in 2018, a sharp increase over the previous year, when more than 69,000 left the country, according to the Turkish Institute of Statistics.Turkey has seen waves of students and teachers leave before, but this exodus looks like a more permanent reordering of the society and threatens to set Turkey back decades, said Ibrahim Sirkeci, director of transnational studies at Regent’s University in London, and other analysts.“The brain drain is real,” Mr. Sirkeci said.The flight of people, talent and capital is being driven by a powerful combination of factors that have come to define life under Mr. Erdogan and that his opponents increasingly despair is here to stay.They include fear of political persecution, terrorism, a deepening distrust of the judiciary and the arbitrariness of the rule of law, and a deteriorating business climate, accelerated by worries that Mr. Erdogan is unsoundly manipulating management of the economy to benefit himself and his inner circle.The result is that, for the first time since the republic was founded nearly a century ago, many from the old moneyed class, in particular the secular elite who have dominated Turkey’s cultural and business life for decades, are moving away and the new rich close to Mr. Erdogan and his governing party are taking their place.One of those leaving is Merve Bayindir, 38, who is relocating to London after becoming Turkey’s go-to hat designer in the fashionable Nisantasi district of Istanbul.“We are selling everything,” she said in an interview during a return trip to Istanbul last month to close what was left of her business, MerveBayindir, which she runs with her mother, and to sell their four-story house.Ms. Bayindir was an active participant in the 2013 protests against the government’s attempt to develop Taksim Square in Istanbul. She said she remains traumatized by the violence and fearful in her own city.Mr. Erdogan denounced the protesters as delinquents and after enduring arrests and harassment many have left the country.“There is so much discrimination, not only cultural but personal, the anger, the violence is impossible to handle,” Ms. Bayindir said. “If you had something better and you see it dissolving, it’s a hopeless road.”Thousands of Turks like her have applied for business visas in Britain or for golden visa programs in Greece, Portugal and Spain, which grant immigrants residency if they buy property at a certain level.Applications for asylum in Europe by Turks have also multiplied in the last three years, according to Mr. Sirkeci, who has studied the migration of Turks to Britain for 25 years.He estimates that 10,000 Turks have made use of a business visa plan to move to Britain in the last few years, with a sharp jump in applications since the beginning of 2016. That is double the number from 2004 to 2015.Applications by Turkish citizens for political asylum also jumped threefold in Britain in the six months after the coup attempt, and sixfold among Turks applying for asylum in Germany, he said, citing figures obtained from the United Nations refugee agency. The number of Turks applying for asylum worldwide jumped by 10,000 in 2017 to more than 33,000.A large proportion of those fleeing have been followers of Fethullah Gulen, the Pennsylvania-based preacher who is charged with instigating the 2016 coup, or people accused of being followers, often on flimsy evidence.Tens of thousands of teachers and academics were purged from their jobs after the coup, including hundreds who had signed a peace petition calling on the government to cease military action in Kurdish cities and return to the peace process. Hundreds have taken up posts abroad.Mr. Erdogan has tried to make Turkey more conservative and religious, with a growing middle class and a tight circle of elites who are especially beholden to him for their economic success.The flight of capital and talent is the result of this conscious effort by Mr. Erdogan to transform the society, said Bekir Agirdir, director of the Konda polling company.With the help of subsidies and favorable contracts, the government has helped new businesses to emerge, and they are rapidly replacing the old ones, he said. “There is a transfer of capital underway,” he said. “It is social and political engineering.”Ilker Birbil, a mathematician who faces charges for signing the peace petition and left Turkey to take up a position at Erasmus University Rotterdam in the Netherlands, warned that the country was losing people permanently.“People who are leaving do not want to come back,” Mr. Birbil said, citing the polarized political climate in the country. “This is alarming for Turkey.”“I have received so many emails from students and friends who are trying to get out of Turkey,” he said.Students are despairing of change partly because they have grown up with Mr. Erdogan in power for 17 years, said Erhan Erkut, a founder of MEF University in Istanbul, which teaches innovation and entrepreneurship.“This is the only government they have seen, they do not know there is another possibility,” he said.Families are setting up businesses abroad for the next generation to inherit, said Mr. Sirkeci of Regent’s University, adding that many students at his private university fell into that category.At least 12,000 of Turkey’s millionaires — around 12 percent of the country’s wealthy class — moved their assets out of the country in 2016 and 2017, according to the Global Wealth Migration Review, an annual report produced by AfrAsia Bank.Most of them moved to Europe or the United Arab Emirates, the report said. Turkey’s largest business center, Istanbul, was listed among the top seven cities worldwide experiencing an exodus of wealthy people.“If one looks at any major country collapse in history, it is normally preceded by a migration of wealthy people away from that country,” the report said.Mr. Erdogan has reviled as traitors businesspeople who have moved their assets abroad as the Turkish economy began to falter.“Pardon us, we do not forgive,” he warned in a speech at the Foreign Economic Relations Board, a business association in Istanbul in April. “The hands of our nation would be on their collars both in this world and in the afterlife.”“Behavior like this cannot have a valid explanation,” Mr. Erdogan added.His comments came amid reports that some of Turkey’s largest companies were divesting in Turkey. Several such companies have made significant transfers of capital abroad, amid fears they would be targeted in the post-coup crackdown or as the economy began to contract.One is the Turkish food giant Yildiz Holding, which came under fire on social media as being linked to Mr. Gulen’s movement.Soon after, Yildiz rescheduled $7 billion of debt and sold shares of its Turkish biscuit maker, Ulker, to its London-based holding company, essentially transferring the family’s majority holding of Ulker out of reach of Turkish courts.(Yildiz representatives did not immediately respond to requests for an interview, but after publication of this article, they said that its companies were in no way associated with the Gulenist movement, which it called a “terrorist” group, and that the transfer of its debt and shares to its London-based holding company had no impact on its company’s commitment to and operations in Turkey.)“Billions of dollars have fled Turkey in the last couple of years, especially after the coup attempt when people started to feel threatened,” said Mehmet Gun, the owner of a law firm in Istanbul.Ms. Bayindir, the designer, began slowly moving her company to London two years ago. In Turkey she had half a dozen workers and a showroom, but now she designs and makes the hats herself out of a rented atelier in London.“I could have stayed,” in Istanbul, she said. “‘I would be better off.”But life in Turkey had become so tense, she said, that she fears civil strife or even civil war could develop between Erdogan supporters and their opponents.“Now when I come here I don’t see the same Istanbul. She does not have energy anymore. She looks tired,” Ms. Bayindir said. “Me not wanting to come here is a big, big thing, because I am one of those people who is in love with the city itself.”BERLIN — Clean-shaven, well-dressed and polite, Martin Sellner is the poster boy of Europe’s new far right. A 30-year-old philosophy graduate, he blogs about what he says is the threat Muslim immigration poses for Europe, stages nonviolent protests and is widely known on the global far-right scene.Just how widely became clear this week when it emerged that Mr. Sellner received a 1,500 euro donation — about $1,700 — a year ago from Brenton Harrison Tarrant of Australia, who is accused of killing 50 Muslim worshipers in Christchurch, New Zealand, two weeks ago.“He gave me a generous donation and I thanked him, that’s all,” Mr. Sellner said in a telephone interview Wednesday, condemning the attack but acknowledging that the two men had written back and forth a few times over email.That contact with the Christchurch suspect has renewed concerns that despite a self-conscious effort by Europe’s “new right” to rebrand itself with more careful language and a youthful face, its ideology is not much different from that of the neo-Nazis of old.And now, some say, the ideas promoted by Mr. Sellner and his increasingly well-networked web of actors may serve as an incitement to terrorism with a potentially global reach.“The ethos of the identitarians is nonviolent,” said Peter Neumann, director of the International Center for the Study of Radicalization at King’s College in London. “But they promote an idea that is taken by some people to justify violence. It is not directly responsible for the violence — but it enables it.”Austrian security services raided Mr. Sellner’s apartment on Monday, confiscating his electronics and opening an investigation into links between the Christchurch attack and Mr. Sellner’s movement, Generation Identity.[Read more about the growth of Generation Identity.]Chancellor Sebastian Kurz of Austria, a conservative, said Wednesday that his government was considering banning Mr. Sellner’s movement. “There is no tolerance for dangerous ideology,” he said.Beyond the email exchange and the donation, there are other indicators that Mr. Sellner influenced the thinking of the Christchurch attack suspect.Generation Identity’s flagship idea — the “Great Replacement” — was also the title of the manifesto Mr. Tarrant released through his social media account on the morning of the massacre. It is essentially a conspiracy theory that accuses liberal politicians of deliberately acting to supplant white Europeans with Muslims through mass migration and higher birthrates.Mr. Sellner himself acknowledged in the telephone interview that Mr. Tarrant had expressed admiration for his work, and that he in turn had pointed Mr. Tarrant to his English-language YouTube videos. He also did not exclude the possibility that Mr. Tarrant’s email had ended up in a list he used for groups emails.In September 2018, around the time Mr. Tarrant was believed to be touring Europe, Mr. Sellner posted a YouTube video about the “Great Replacement.” It has had over 100,000 views.Mr. Sellner said he had never met Mr. Tarrant, who is reported to have visited Vienna during his travels, and rejected the idea that he could be held responsible for his actions.Generation Identity originated in France in the orbit of the nativist essayist Renaud Camus. It has chapters in several European countries, counting a few thousand committed followers but far more sympathizers, officials say.Mr. Neumann of King’s College in London compared the movement to the Muslim Brotherhood, which has also mixed powerful conspiracy theories with a sense of existential crisis. “They argue that an invasion is happening, that it is us against Islam,” Mr. Neumann said.He said: “If you relentlessly speak about an existential threat, you can’t be surprised when some people take the logical next step and use violence. If the Muslims are invading and fighting a war against us and our identity, then there is only one answer: ‘We have to defend ourselves.’”Like jihadist ideologues, who mark key battle dates against the crusaders, Generation Identity commemorates dates when Europeans fought back foreign — and often Muslim — invaders.“Our ancestors protected Vienna,” Mr. Sellner said in an earlier interview last fall. “Now it’s our turn.”The movement’s symbol is the Greek lambda, which is said to have marked the shields of Spartans when they fought back Persian invaders in 480 B.C. Every September in Vienna, Mr. Sellner and fellow activists march in honor of Prince Eugene, who beat back the Ottomans outside Vienna in 1683.It is a narrative that risks mutually reinforcing violent extremism on both sides, Mr. Neumann said.“What unites jihadis and the new right is the idea that the fight has never stopped,” Mr. Neumann said. “We are in a modern replay of the Crusades. This is what unites the two forms of extremism. And it mutually reinforces the narrative of Islam and West being in an existential standoff.”Mr. Sellner does not like the analogy. He prefers to compare his link to the mosque shooting suspect to that between leftist activists — his own parents once fell into that category — and leftist terrorists. Someone who talks about class struggle can hardly be held responsible for leftist militants then exploding a bomb, he said.In his leather jacket and trendy horn-rimmed glasses, Mr. Sellner embodies the image makeover of the far right. He has admitted to once being a member of a neo-Nazi group, but these days, Gandhi and Martin Luther King share book shelf in his Viennese apartment. He calls himself a patriot and a democrat.Experts like Mr. Neumann don’t buy it.“The presentation has changed, but the message is still racist,” Mr. Neumann said. “When they talk about European identity, they mean white Christian identity. They use friendly, progressive language, but the content is the same old.”What’s genuinely new, he said, “is that they are increasingly globally networked.”Mr. Sellner also personifies the reach of an increasingly global movement with his close links to activists across Europe and the United States: He is engaged to Brittany Pettibone, an American YouTuber with links to the alt-right who once claimed there was a “white genocide” in South Africa.The couple routinely appear on videos together, recently expressing admiration for Hungary’s increasingly authoritarian prime minister, Victor Orban, and Italy’s vice premier Matteo Salvini.In the interview, Mr. Sellner described President Trump as “a catalyst for the European right” and expressed his admiration for Mr. Kurz, the Austrian chancellor, for daring to go into coalition with the far right.The movement is having an influence on politicians.Alexander Gauland, co-leader of the far-right Alternative for Germany party, made ‘‘the Great Replacement’’ the title of a news release in April 2017, six months before his party became the third-strongest in the German Parliament.That same year, Heinz-Christian Strache, now the Austrian vice chancellor, urged voters on Facebook to replace mainstream politicians “before they replace the Austrian population in its totality.”He has since deleted the post, but the fact Mr. Sellner’s movement has longstanding links to the far-right Freedom party, which is now part of the Austrian government, has made any investigation into the movement particularly fraught.Last year, the interior minister, Herbert Kickl, who is a Freedom Party member, ordered a police raid on the domestic intelligence service, a move some interpreted as a way for the minister to find out what the security services knew about his party’s far-right network.When Mr. Kurz pointedly demanded that law enforcement agencies and the justice system uncover the full extent of links to the attack in New Zealand, some saw this also as a veiled warning to his own minister.“Any link between the Christchurch attacker and the members of Generation Identity in Austria must be brought to light unsparingly,” Mr. Kurz said.The police in New Zealand said Wednesday that its investigating team was making a large number of inquiries, both across New Zealand and internationally, but declined to provide details.Mr. Sellner warned that Mr. Kurz’s threat to potentially ban Generation Identity risked pushing people underground and toward greater extremism.“We are a patriotic movement on the nationalist right, and we are committed to nonviolence,” Mr. Sellner said.He said: “If you take people’s right to debate away and push them underground, there is a risk of radicalization. Then people might say ‘Tarrant is right.’”[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]For years, Todd R. Howe reaped the rewards of being a Cuomo family loyalist.He had worked for Gov. Mario M. Cuomo in the 1980s, and then for his son, Andrew, in the 1990s. He traded on his reputation as an Albany insider and earned up to $750,000 a year as a lobbyist and consultant. He vacationed in St. Lucia and drove a Porsche.Then came a precipitous fall that took him from influencing the powerful in Albany to working as a groundskeeper in Idaho. In 2016, Mr. Howe pleaded guilty to eight felonies and agreed to testify for the prosecution in a sprawling public corruption case that has loomed over Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s administration for more than two years.Seven people were eventually convicted or pleaded guilty in cases that hinged on testimony from Mr. Howe. For that, he was rewarded on Friday with a sentence that included no prison time.The fallout from the case has relentlessly shadowed Mr. Cuomo. Though prosecutors never accused the governor of any wrongdoing, and he has distanced himself from Mr. Howe, political opponents have repeatedly asked what Mr. Cuomo knew. During Mr. Cuomo’s re-election campaign last year, his rivals outright accused him of complicity.One of Mr. Cuomo’s former top lieutenants is now in prison, a conviction that Mr. Cuomo called “personally painful.” A former economic development adviser was convicted, too, and one of the governor’s signature upstate projects was tainted.The governor coasted to re-election last year, winning commanding victories in both the primary and general election. But the trials made clear he had come up short on one of his earliest campaign promises — to clean up Albany and restore public trust in government.On Friday, the series of corruption cases seemed to have found an ending, at least legally, when Mr. Howe appeared in federal court in Manhattan. He was the last of the eight people felled by the corruption scandal to be sentenced.While the governor’s aide, Joseph Percoco, received six years in prison after being convicted on three charges, the judge, Valerie E. Caproni, sentenced Mr. Howe to five years of probation.The light sentence recognized Mr. Howe’s turn as the star witness in the case. (He had faced up to 14 years in prison for his eight felonies.) Testifying during Mr. Percoco’s trial, Mr. Howe had offered an intimate, unvarnished and damning view of the highest levels of state government.He described setting up a fund-raising breakfast for Mr. Cuomo with developers who wanted state business, arranging a paid fishing trip between developers and Mr. Percoco, and ultimately facilitating more than $300,000 in bribes to Mr. Percoco for his help in securing state deals.Judge Caproni said before imposing her sentence that Mr. Howe’s actions had fed the cynical view that state government was “all about who knows who and who’s greasing whose palm.”“Howe knew how to get someone in the good graces of Andrew Cuomo,” she said.Mr. Howe, asking for leniency, described the atmosphere in Albany that he said drove him to corruption.“I had to stay relevant, and I had to stay successful,” he told the judge. “It was a tough environment to be in, but I did the things I needed to do to be relevant.”Mr. Howe earned little sympathy during the trial itself. Prosecutors and defense lawyers revealed unsavory behavior ranging from embezzlement to doctoring emails to lying to his dog walker.He was even thrown into jail in the middle of Mr. Percoco’s trial, when he admitted that he had tried to defraud his credit card company at the same time that he was cooperating with the government.Mr. Howe called his six months in jail in Brooklyn “a horrible situation for me,” but also a “learning experience.”“It made me realize all the things I had lost,” he said.Perhaps because of Mr. Howe’s unsavory history and its potential to undermine the prosecution’s case, the government did not call him to testify in a second, related corruption trial, though his name was mentioned frequently there, too. That trial led to the conviction of Alain E. Kaloyeros, Mr. Cuomo’s economic development guru.Since Mr. Howe’s release from jail, he and his wife have been living in Ketchum, Idaho. Mr. Howe works as a groundskeeper at a ski resort, maintaining a playground for the wealthy rather than patronizing one himself, as he once might have done.As part of his guilty pleas, Mr. Howe must repay his old law firm $1.7 million that he embezzled and forfeit an additional $2.8 million.“Their simpler life centers around the beauty of the surrounding mountains and peaceful time spent together,” Mr. Howe’s lawyers wrote in court papers. They said Mr. Howe had escaped from “the snaking vines of the lobbying network.”After the sentencing, Mr. Howe, a wide grin on his face, shook hands with a few people in the courtroom. His lawyer, Savannah Stevenson, said Mr. Howe was “humbled, grateful and pleased” by the decision.As he left the courthouse, Mr. Howe was asked if he had any message to give to Mr. Cuomo. He shook his head slightly. “No,” he said.A friend of mine says that whenever he walks into someone’s home he’s tempted to yell out, “Hey, Alexa,” or “O.K., Google,” and order 50 pizzas, just to see if there’s a device listening in on whatever gossip he planned to dish out next.Shoshana Zuboff would undoubtedly get the joke, but she probably wouldn’t laugh. In “The Age of Surveillance Capitalism,” she warns against mistaking the soothing voice of a personal digital assistant for “anything other than the exploitation of your needs.” The cliché that “if you’re not paying for it, you’re the product” isn’t alarming enough for her. She likens the big tech platforms to elephant poachers, and our personal data to ivory tusks. “You are not the product,” she says. “You are the abandoned carcass.”O.K., Zuboff, tell me more. It’s a testament to how extraordinarily intelligent her book is that by the time I was compared to an elephant carcass, I resisted the urge to toss it across the room. Zuboff, a professor emerita of Harvard Business School and the author of “In the Age of the Smart Machine” (1988), has a dramatic streak that could come off as simply grandiose if she didn’t so painstakingly make her case. She says we’re living through such “a bold and unprecedented shift in capitalist methods” that even as we encounter the occasional story about Facebook allowing its corporate clients to read users’ private messages or the software in Google’s Street View cars scraping unencrypted information from people’s homes, the American public doesn’t yet grasp the new dispensation in its entirety.So many people take care to calibrate their privacy settings just so, sharing certain things with friends and keeping other things hidden, while their data still gets collected and shared among apps for possible monetization now or later. Google and Facebook might not call to mind the belching smoke stacks and child laborers of the Industrial Revolution, but Zuboff argues that they’re run by people who have turned out to be just as ruthless and profit-seeking as any Gilded Age tycoon. Instead of mining the natural landscape, surveillance capitalists extract their raw material from human experience.This business model emerged almost by accident. Zuboff describes how Google, in its early days, happened to keep a cache of data byproducts — spelling, click patterns, location — that were produced with each search. It was only after the dot-com bubble burst in 2000 that the company was forced to figure out how to do more than simply provide a free service to its users. It settled on selling advertising, but the advertising would be “relevant” and “targeted,” using all the detailed behavioral information Google had collected from users.ImageShoshana ZuboffCreditMichael D. Wilson“This new market form declares that serving the genuine needs of people is less lucrative, and therefore less important, than selling predictions of their behavior,” Zuboff writes. Whatever gauzy sentiments the new kinds of capitalists espouse (or even believe) about building community and democratizing knowledge get subordinated to the brute demands of economic survival — hence the relentless accumulation of additional data sources, and the ardent lobbying against government regulation.Surveillance capitalism has flourished precisely because it fulfills what Zuboff concedes are real needs and desires. Online platforms offer us ways to “ease the complexities of our harried lives.” In exchange for surveillance we get convenience, efficiency and social connection.Google comes in for plenty of criticism from Zuboff, but she is equally scathing about Facebook. (She calls Sheryl Sandberg, who worked at Google before becoming Facebook’s chief operating officer, “the ‘Typhoid Mary’ of surveillance capitalism.”) Facebook has learned how to manipulate empathy and attachment in order to increase engagement and make billions. In a document sent to advertisers in Australia and New Zealand, Facebook bragged of its ability to discern exactly when a young person could use a “confidence boost.” And then there are the Facebook scandals involving Cambridge Analytica and the Kremlin during the 2016 election, with their deployment of personality tests and viral memes; it’s all fun and games until the host of “The Apprentice” becomes president.Surveillance capitalists like to depict themselves as more socially enlightened than their industrial predecessors, but in Zuboff’s reckoning they ask for a lot while giving relatively little back. Their companies operate at “hyperscale”: Despite their enormous market capitalization, Google and Facebook each employ far fewer workers than General Motors once did, even during the depths of the Great Depression. Citing the economic historian Karl Polanyi, Zuboff shows how postwar corporations were expected to offer some sort of communal reciprocity — hiring workers and hiking wages, sharing prosperity rather than hoarding it. The ascendancy of neoliberalism in the 1970s, she says, laid the groundwork for Silicon Valley to promote an extreme form of entrepreneurial capitalism, unencumbered by any substantive responsibility to the communities it purports to serve.Zuboff can get overheated with her metaphors; an extended passage with tech executives as Spanish conquistadors and the rest of us as indigenous peoples is frankly ridiculous, even if I can understand how Zuboff thought the phrase “rivers of blood” would get her urgency across. The system she minutely describes is scary enough (I now have a clearer picture of why the Pokémon Go app, a real data gobbler, was offered for free) without dialing the volume up to 11.But then maybe my reflexive discomfort only indicates that I’ve become acclimated — or “habituated,” as Zuboff likes to say — to the world that surveillance capitalists have created. Absorbing Zuboff’s methodical determination, the way she pieces together sundry examples into this comprehensive work of scholarship and synthesis, requires patience, but the rewards are considerable — a heightened sense of awareness, and a deeper appreciation of what’s at stake. A business model that seeks growth by cataloging our “every move, emotion, utterance and desire” is too radical to be taken for granted. As Zuboff repeatedly says near the end of the book, “It is not O.K.”If your only goal is to provide the basics of personal finance, writing a good advice book is straightforward.You will need to discuss saving, including how to live below your means — and then probably move on to investing the money you’ve saved. At that point, you explain how to diversify a portfolio with stocks, bonds and cash equivalents, like certificates of deposit. The details may get complicated, but the overall design is simple enough.But if you want to create a more complex personal finance book, things are likely to get challenging in a hurry, because you must accomplish three essentials.First, you need to find a new take on those bare-bones basics. Then, to hook readers, you need to come up with an intriguing angle. Finally, you need to show readers how they will benefit from putting your novel approach to work.Allison Schrager has clearly written a book of the complex kind: “An Economist Walks Into a Brothel: And Other Unexpected Places to Understand Risk” (Portfolio/Penguin, $27). She accomplishes two of the three tasks I’ve outlined, and does so quite nicely.Unfortunately, she falls short in the important news-you-can-use category. And that’s too bad, because, as her title suggests, she has a provocative approach, and she has an interesting take on investing as well.A columnist at Quartz, the news website, Ms. Schrager was trained as an economist. She teaches Strategic Risk Taking at New York University, and her book emphasizes the importance of getting a good handle on investment risk which, she says, many of us do not really understand.In her account, risk assessment involves analyzing the probability of “everything that might happen — both good and bad.”“We are often taught to think of decisions in terms of, ‘If I do X, then I’ll get Y,’” she says, “but in reality, any time we can make a decision, a range of Y’s could happen, from a superior Y to a terrible outcome.”We can’t guarantee positive outcomes, she says, but, “We can increase the odds that things will work out.”How so?Start by defining your goal, she says. Then ask, “How can you achieve your goal with no risk at all, or as little risk as possible?”For example, let’s say you want to figure out how much money you need for retirement. If you use her framework, she suggests you may discover that traditional approaches are riskier than you might have thought.One such approach is to invest as much as you can, and, once you retire, draw out a fixed amount annually. A common rule of thumb is to withdraw 4 percent of your portfolio each year. But if you follow that rule strictly, the dollar amount of that annual 4 percent withdrawal will vary, depending on the performance of your portfolio.“That’s where the strategy goes wrong,” she says. “A predictable salary, like the one you earned when you were working, should be the goal of your retirement fund. Most workers wouldn’t accept a salary that varies with stock prices — why should retirees?”You can gain certainty by buying a fixed annuity. That requires you to hand over some, or all, of your money to an investment firm in exchange for guaranteed payouts.All of this is worth thinking about, but if you want to know what you should do, there is no answer here. The problem, in this case, is that Ms. Schrager doesn’t make a recommendation to buy annuities, nor does she come out against them. That kind of fuzziness, when it comes to practical recommendations, is a flaw in the book.Telling people how to think about risk, in general, is fine. Specific ideas for how to invest with the best performance for the least amount of risk would have been better.Risk at workStill, Ms. Schrager tells many entertaining stories about how people in various professions as diverse as horse breeding and the military go about trying to reduce risk. I particularly enjoyed one about paparazzi: They form pools to share their pictures with other photographers to make sure they are not shut out when staking out celebrities. And I also liked the one about the poker champion who increases his chances of winning by playing far more conservatively than the typical recreational player.Both of those stories support her subtitle, about going to unexpected places to understand risk.But how is a reader supposed to benefit from these forays? I could infer from the paparazzi story that I should pool my investments by buying mutual funds as opposed to individual equities. My lesson from the poker champion could be to temper my expectations — you can’t win every pot — and also to keep my emotions in check.But why should I have to work hard to come to conclusions like these, without ever being certain that they are the ones she intended? It would have been helpful if Ms. Schrager had connected the dots.That said, the book fulfills its promise. Ms. Schrager did indeed walk into a brothel; several, actually, in Nevada. The point of that exercise was to understand how prostitutes can reduce the risk that comes with their job.The solution for those she interviewed involved working in legal establishments, where management took half of the women’s revenue in exchange for greater security.The women didn’t have to worry about undercover police officers, for example, because in legal brothels, they weren’t violating any laws. And they reduced the danger from nasty, violent customers because there were panic buttons in every room, with guards stationed nearby. And if the women needed protection getting home, the guards would escort them.There were trade-offs, in other words, that made an occupation that was less than ideal a little bit better.Is investing like prostitution? Other than the risk involved in both cases, I’m not sure. But her discussion did make the risk reduction in investing seem prudent, as well as minimal and inexpensive.Susan Covell Alpert was crushed by grief when her 71-year-old husband, Larry, died of leukemia in 2008. Adding to her misery, a tidal wave of financial decisions and tasks demanded the new widow’s attention at a time when she could barely think straight.Like many couples, Susan and Larry, who were married for 46 years, had divided the financial chores. Larry handled the investments, and Susan paid some bills. Though Ms. Alpert owned a business arranging travel incentives for large corporations, she was not prepared to manage the household’s financial affairs.“I knew every stock, and I knew where everything was,” said Ms. Alpert, 78. “But I didn’t know what to do with it all.”Nor did she know what the investments were worth. Rather than holding securities in a brokerage account, Mr. Alpert had opted for paper certificates, which he kept in his desk in their home in Newport Beach, Calif. Ms. Alpert hired a bookkeeper and a financial adviser, and it took them a year to determine the value of the more than 120 certificates, she said.That was just one of numerous issues that Ms. Alpert confronted. Besides the settlement of the estate, there were insurance companies to call, banks to visit, credit cards to cancel, documents to collect and her husband’s business partnership to unwind.“I was in the most fragile part of my life, and there was no time to breathe,” she said.Ms. Alpert decided to approach the “chaos” as she would a business. She spent six to eight hours a day for many months tackling the paperwork — color-coded file folders and all. A grief therapist advised her to get dressed every day and to eat regularly.“She also made me promise not to go into my home office one day a week,” Ms. Alpert said.In 2013, Ms. Alpert opened a consulting business to advise other widows on handling the practical aspects of settling an estate. She also wrote a book, “Driving Solo: Dealing With Grief and the Business of Financial Survival.”A spouse’s death is one of the most emotionally wrenching events in a person’s life. Because they live longer, women are more likely than men to lose a spouse. Roughly 34 percent of women 65 and older were widows in 2016, compared with about 12 percent of men, according to the Census Bureau.The financial challenges can be especially daunting for women. Husbands tend to earn more than their wives, and the end of that income can be a big blow. And in more cases than not, husbands oversee the household finances, often leaving their widows scrambling to sort everything out. If that’s not enough, many widows are immediately deluged by tasks that come with settling an estate.“I was buried in boxes filled with legal paperwork, tax paperwork, trust paperwork, and I didn’t know what I was doing,” said Ellen Speyer, whose husband died in 2003.As tempting as it may be to charge ahead, however, new widows should postpone making major — and irreversible — financial decisions for six months to a year, said Alexandra Armstrong, a certified financial planner in Washington. Those decisions include selling a house, lending money to relatives or paying off a mortgage. It also means resisting sales pitches to plow insurance proceeds into annuities or other investments that tie up funds perhaps forever.“Widows may not recognize that they are in a state of shock, and they will not make wise decisions,” said Ms. Armstrong, author of “On Your Own: A Widow’s Passage to Emotional and Financial Well-Being.” “They should not jump into anything until they have a grip on their financial situation.”The To-Do ListSurviving spouses can alleviate some stress by attacking the to-do list in stages, Ms. Armstrong said. At the top: Notify the Social Security Administration, call the life insurance company and pay important bills, such as those for utilities and property insurance premiums. If a husband was still working when he died, his widow should check with his employer for any unpaid salary, accrued vacation days and retirement plans. She also may be eligible for veterans’ benefits.One of Ms. Alpert’s first moves was to name her two adult daughters as her agents for her financial and health care powers of attorney.When it comes to insurance proceeds, Ms. Armstrong said, widows typically can choose between a lump sum and monthly payouts. The decision, she said, will depend on the widow’s immediate cash needs and whether she could earn more than the payout by investing the lump sum. She said a widow should ask an objective adviser to review her overall financial picture before she decided.By choosing the right Social Security claiming strategy based on her age and income, a surviving spouse can increase her benefit. “This is as close to free money as you can get,” said Jeffrey Levine, chief executive of BluePrint Wealth Alliance in Garden City, N.Y.A widow who waits until her full retirement age of 66 (for those born between 1945 and 1956) can claim the full survivor benefit, which is 100 percent of her husband’s benefit. She is eligible for a survivor benefit at 60, but it will be reduced for each month she claims before 66. If both spouses are at least 70 when the husband dies, a wife should switch to a survivor benefit if her benefit is smaller than his.Younger spouses have more options to maximize benefits, Mr. Levine said. For example, a surviving spouse who is the lower earner can create an income stream by collecting her own retirement benefit when she is eligible at 62 and switch to the higher survivor benefit when she turns 66. Taking her retirement benefit early will not reduce the survivor benefit.A wife who is eligible for a higher retirement benefit should take the opposite tack: She can collect a reduced survivor benefit early and switch at 70 to her own retirement benefit.Meanwhile, a spouse who inherits an individual retirement account has several choices. If she is younger than 70½ and does not need the money, she could, with the help of a brokerage firm, transfer her husband’s account directly into her own I.R.A. and then update the beneficiaries. She will not be required to take annual distributions until she is 70½, thus extending the time the funds can grow tax free.If a widow is younger than 59½ and may need the money, she can transfer the assets into a new inherited I.R.A. She can take taxable distributions without having to pay the 10 percent penalty imposed on early withdrawers, Mr. Levine said.Making Financial DecisionsFor a preliminary assessment of cash flow, a widow can tote up sources of income and fixed expenses. But for a deeper dive, Ms. Alpert recommends adding a financial adviser to a team of professionals. While she and her husband already had an estate lawyer and an accountant, a friend helped her find a financial services firm. When she met with two young men from the firm, “I told them, ‘Take care of me like you would take care of your mother,’” she said.The financial adviser may reposition investments to provide additional income, Ms. Armstrong said. Though each case is different, she said, “I believe in buying good-quality stocks where there is a good potential for rising dividends.” If Ms. Armstrong decides an annuity is a nice fit, she will analyze the oft-hidden costs of an array of complex products.Kathleen M. Rehl, an author and a speaker who helps financial planners address the needs of widows, cautioned that widows often changed advisers because many do not understand a widow’s grief.“A widow should find an adviser who listens to her and does not try to rush her,” said Ms. Rehl, of St. Petersburg, Fla.Ms. Speyer and her husband, Ronald, had been seeing a financial adviser at a large brokerage firm who, she said, “did not take my questions seriously.” Shortly before Mr. Speyer died of Hodgkin’s lymphoma at age 57, they switched to an adviser at a small firm.“She was very kind and very thoughtful,” said Ms. Speyer, 71, a therapist in Irvine, Calif.For years, Mr. Speyer had monitored the overall finances and transferred what his wife needed to pay household bills. “I didn’t have to worry when I turned up the heat or went to the market,” Ms. Speyer said. “But I didn’t know the total cost of everything against our savings and income.”After her husband died, Ms. Speyer lost the income from a consulting firm he owned. Though moving to a smaller house would have freed up cash, she wanted to reduce the disruption for her 10-year-old daughter, she said.The adviser, whom Ms. Speyer still sees, diversified her portfolio and invested the proceeds from a life insurance policy. The adviser also created a budget and a long-term investment plan.To help make ends meet, Ms. Speyer received help from her parents, dipped into savings and “went into overdrive” at work, she said. Using personal-finance software that her brother installed, Ms. Speyer monitored her spending and reduced her discretionary expenses, such as new clothes, travel and entertainment.Sixteen years later, Ms. Speyer said she hoped to keep her finances on a firm footing by postponing retirement indefinitely.“It took a long time to get back the feeling of security,” she said. “I feel very proud about what I have accomplished.”The pitch landed in an email inbox at the offices of Qatar’s World Cup bid at a crucial time in the summer of 2010, only months before FIFA would meet to pick the host of its quadrennial soccer championship.The sender was Cornerstone Global Associates, a little-known consulting firm based in London, and in the email the company’s president laid out a plan to assist Qatar — tiny, dusty, hot and, to many observers, ill-suited to host sports’ most-watched event — with its mounting public relations problems.The Qataris declined the offer, one of several that had arrived unsolicited that summer, and Cornerstone’s president moved on as well: For the next few years, he continued to offer support for the emirate and its World Cup on his active social media accounts.But the criticism of Qatar did not go away: Year after year, news reports assailed the emirate over whether it was suitable as a host for the World Cup, over the way it had won the vote and over its treatment of migrant workers. In October 2017, the tone of the coverage turned ominous when the BBC led reports on its website and news channel by warning darkly that there was “an increasing political risk that Qatar may not host the World Cup in 2022.”The article created a ripple of similar pieces in the British and international news media, all of them referring to the same report: “Qatar in Focus: Is the FIFA World Cup 2022 in Danger?” The report asserted that “Western diplomats have privately stated they do not know whether or not the tournament will take place as planned.”What was most intriguing, though, was not the report’s conclusions but its author: Cornerstone Global Associates.A World Cup in PlayThe 2022 World Cup will be the first one played in the Arab world, and it has been a hot-button issue in soccer since the moment Qatar won the hosting rights. But in the 19 months since Saudi Arabia and several other Arab nations began a punishing boycott of neighboring Qatar, the tournament has become something else: a proxy in the broader geopolitical dispute transfixing the Gulf. In that smaller sporting fight, the goal appears to be to scuttle the tournament or, failing that, to humble Qatar by forcing it to share the event with its political enemies.The dispute has added a new dimension to a specialized industry in which consultants and other insiders can earn millions of dollars for their efforts to shift public opinion in favor of the nations that finance them, or against those countries’ rivals. At times, that hidden work — exploiting the dark arts of leaked documents, whispered secrets and shifting allegiances — has drawn journalists, government officials and even President Trump into the fight. The intricacies of the campaigns are sometimes revealed only after information from one side or the other is leaked.When a trove of the emails of the United Arab Emirates’ ambassador to Washington was stolen and released in 2017, for example, it revealed a broad influence campaign financed by the U.A.E. that hoped to use American journalists and think tanks to reposition Qatar and its World Cup in a negative light. A year later, an article in Britain’s Sunday Times suggested that Qatar was just as adept at those kinds of shadow campaigns: The Times’s reporting showed that Qatar had hired an American public relations firm to disparage its 2022 rivals during its campaign to win the World Cup.The New York Times itself received several batches of documents from an anonymous source last year. Over a period of several months, the source, claiming to be someone close to Cornerstone who had become disillusioned with how soccer was being politicized, answered questions related to the disclosure over encrypted email. The Times was able to independently confirm some of the meetings and conversations described in the documents, which appear to fit the pattern of the Gulf’s continuing tit-for-tat information war.Viewed through that prism, Cornerstone’s about-face on Qatar in 2017, then, was hardly a surprise. The timing was important, though; Cornerstone’s anti-Qatar report, publicized by the BBC, was published only months after the start of the Saudi- and U.A.E.-led blockade of Qatar. The blockade is the result of a long-running political dispute between Qatar and several of its neighbors, who accuse it of financing terrorism and working too closely with Iran. But the breadth and specifics of the campaign to hamstring Qatar’s World Cup are laid out in documents that reveal close ties between Cornerstone Global Associates and individuals and companies in the U.A.E.One Cornerstone document outlines a plan to produce a report linking Qatar to the Muslim Brotherhood, and several others discuss efforts to place articles in the British news media that would damage Qatar’s reputation. Cornerstone’s success in providing some source material for the BBC report, for example, involved first cultivating a relationship with a long-term critic of the U.A.E.’s human rights record before asking him to write the skeptical report about Qatar’s World Cup. The critic, the journalist and activist Rori Donaghy, denied that Cornerstone had had any role in influencing or altering his conclusions, saying that the report was “solely by me, independent of anyone else.”But after the initial flurry of negative headlines, and after Cornerstone’s impartiality was called into question, the BBC changed the online version of the report to soften some of the allegations made by Cornerstone. A BBC spokesman said that it was standard practice to update articles throughout the day and that “there were no corrections to note.”Insider HelpCornerstone’s president, Ghanem Nuseibeh, was hardly a neutral party in the Gulf dispute. Although he offered his help in burnishing Qatar’s reputation in 2010, Nuseibeh has close links to the U.A.E. elite: He is a relative of both the U.A.E.’s minister of state and the country’s ambassador to the United Nations.A keen social media user who had been generally supportive of Qatar’s efforts to bring the World Cup to the Middle East in the years that followed his initial pitch to the bid committee, by 2017 he had become a frequent Qatari critic and a backer of the blockade and the countries leading it.In an interview with The Times in London, Nuseibeh insisted that he had always favored a regional World Cup over one in Qatar and stressed that the personal views he shares on social media had not clouded the work in the reports Cornerstone produces, which he insisted was not financed by a third party. It is unclear who paid for the work focused on Qatar’s World Cup, but a close link between Cornerstone and the U.A.E. is laid out in documents seen by The Times — including one for a $1 million wire transfer in 2015 — and a client list published on the company’s website.One of Cornerstone’s most ambitious projects since the start of the Gulf blockade, crafted at the start of last year, involved pursuing an agreement between Cornerstone and Mike Holtzman, a prominent public relations executive who had worked with Qatar’s 2022 campaign, to disclose damaging information about the World Cup bid in exchange for a $1 million payment.“Mike contacted Ghanem after the BBC report saying that he has information about irregularities related to the Qatar FIFA bid that he is prepared to sell,” according to one Cornerstone document. “Mike explained that he no longer has work in Qatar and that he was not paid for some work he did, and he felt he was cheated.”Citing confidentiality agreements, Nuseibeh said he could not discuss details of any meetings he might have had. That included one in New York with Holtzman and a prominent libel lawyer, Paul Tweed, that was detailed in the documents.Tweed, who acknowledged that Cornerstone was a client, expressed “grave concerns” about the “unlawful accessing of data” that he believed had been “misinterpreted and taken totally out of context.” Holtzman refused to answer questions about his dealings with Cornerstone, citing his own confidentiality agreements.But several months after the New York meeting, Tweed arranged for Nuseibeh to meet with a British politician, Damian Collins. Collins, who had risen to prominence in the British news media by investigating accusations of wrongdoing in the World Cup bidding process in his role as chairman of a parliamentary committee, was a known critic of the Qatar World Cup. Collins confirmed that he had met with Nuseibeh last May.According to a summary of that meeting in a Cornerstone document, Nuseibeh and Tweed laid out to Collins the information that Holtzman had provided about Qatar, including his claim that Qatar’s 2022 bid had employed former C.I.A. operatives to try to undermine its main rivals for the hosting rights.Two months later, in July 2018, The Sunday Times published what it billed as a bombshell: “Exclusive: Qatar Sabotaged 2022 World Cup Rivals With ‘Black Ops.’” The article, which did not cite its source, revealed some of the topics related to Qatar’s World Cup bid that Holtzman had offered to deliver to Cornerstone. It is unclear if he was ever paid by Cornerstone or anyone else.Collins was quoted in the article, however, urging FIFA to investigate the accusations and to strip Qatar of the World Cup if they were true. “The ultimate sanction for breaking the rules,” Collins said, “would be the loss of the right to host the tournament.”A World Cup Under SiegeDespite years of negative publicity, Qatar has managed to withstand every challenge to its hosting the World Cup. Construction continues on the eight stadiums it plans to use for the tournament; one has been completed and two more, including Lusail Stadium, which will host the opening ceremony and the final, are “almost complete,” according to the committee in charge of the project. But Qatar’s defense of the 2022 World Cup is far from over.Nuseibeh, the Cornerstone founder, continues to be a regular critic of the country on social media, and in an interview in November he hinted that more damaging revelations about Qatar could be forthcoming.“If everything I know was out in the media,” he said, “the media would have 365 days of reporting about this.”A more existential fight for the 2022 World Cup continues just out of view: FIFA’s president, Gianni Infantino, has voiced support for a proposal to expand the tournament to 48 teams from 32. The change is a key foreign policy aim of Saudi Arabia and the U.A.E., but it would require not only the Qataris’ consent but also a humbling surrender of its crown jewel, since a 48-team event would be an almost insurmountable logistical challenge for Qatar this close to the tournament unless it agreed to share the hosting rights with its neighbors.Still, Infantino has enthusiastically sold the idea in his travels. In remarks at a meeting of the G20 leaders in Argentina late last year, he said hopefully, “In 2022, we could also experience a World Cup in Qatar as well as — why not? — some games in other countries of the Arabian Gulf.”But a shared World Cup isn’t the only idea being suggested. In the first week of January, a website in Northern Ireland published an article hailing the potential for a huge “economic windfall” for Britain if the 2022 World Cup were stripped from Qatar and moved to England instead.The article was based almost exclusively on a report compiled by a London-based strategy and management consultancy: Cornerstone Global Associates.Speaker Nancy Pelosi and the idealistic class of 64 Democratic House freshmen are armed with a reform agenda.This includes H.R. 1, a 571-page bill that addresses voting rights, corruption, gerrymandering and campaign finance reform as well as the creation of a Select Committee on the Climate Crisis — a first step toward a “Green New Deal.”Proponents of this ambitious project face a determined adversary, however — the top ranks of the interest group establishment, skilled in co-opting liberal members of Congress and converting initiatives to square with the interests of corporate America.The upper stratum of the Washington lobbying community often exercises de facto veto power over the legislative process, dominating congressional policymaking, funneling campaign money to both parties and offering lucrative employment to retiring and defeated members of the House and Senate.Lobbyists exercise this power across the course of a member’s career. “Whoever is elected is immediately met with a growing lobbying onslaught by the same big players,” write Lee Drutman, a senior fellow at New America, Matt Grossmann, a political scientist at Michigan State and Tim LaPira, a political scientist at James Madison University, who have contributed a chapter to “Can America Govern Itself?” a book edited by Francis Lee and Nolan McCarty that is coming out in June.Within the federal lobbying community — a $3.37 billion industry in 2017 — Drutman, Grossmann and LaPira writea limited number of organizations at the very top of the resource distribution have escalated their political investments in ways that increasingly distinguish them from the rest of the pack.This population of groups at the top of the distribution is becoming increasingly stable over the last two decades. This group of top organizations — which we call the top tier — is positioning itself as a distinct class.The authors argue that the first tier lobbying organizationsare analogous to the current generation of very wealthy families who now pay for every conceivable tutor so that their children can be advantaged in applying to elite prep schools and colleges, which are now more and more essential to getting ahead in our increasingly economically stratified society. In both circumstances, financial resources and social connections build up over time, reinforcing stratification. Money does not guarantee outcomes. But it helps reinforce inequalities by widening the gap between the very top and everyone else.The ability of this elite constituency to meet politicians’ demands for campaign contributions and other resources, the authors argue, has allowed Congress to ignore traditional “populist concerns regarding dominant economic interests” as members of the House and Senate “continue their high-dollar fund-raisers and constant meetings with lobbyists.”Despite his right-wing populist campaign and his September 2017 promise — “Our framework includes our explicit commitment that tax reform will protect low-income and middle-income households, not the wealthy and well-connected” — Trump supported and signed into law the $1.5 trillion Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. This extraordinarily regressive legislation decisively favors the rich and corporate interests.As the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center has noted, as a result of the Trump tax bill higher income households will receivelarger average tax cuts as a percentage of after-tax income, with the largest cuts as a share of income going to taxpayers in the 95th to 99th percentiles of the income distribution. On average, in 2027 taxes would change little for lower- and middle-income groups.The Trump administration’s drive to deregulate workplace safety rules and to undermine unions also reflects the impact of the Washington lobbying elite. By definition, lobbies at the highest rungs of the ladder spend more than those lower down, but “the differences are staggering,” Drutman and his colleagues write. The top 100 lobbying groups represent 0.89 percent of the 11,272 registered lobbies, but they “consistently have at least one-third of the in-house lobbyists in Washington, and hire about one in five contract lobbyists from multi-client lobbying firms.” The way it plays out over time, according to Drutman, is that 90 to 95 percent of the top 100 associations and firms represent business interests, as opposed to labor, consumers, or environmentalists. The top 100 spent $1.047 billion in 2017, or a little less than a third of total lobbying dollars that year, according to data provided to The Times by the Center for Responsive Politics.The upper ranks of the Washington lobbying community are most effective at blocking enactment of legislation, as opposed to winning approval of new laws. This is the very power — the crucial power — that prevents successful legislative initiatives from improving the lives of those in the bottom half of the income distribution.Raymond La Raja and Brian Schaffner, political scientists at the University of Massachusetts and Tufts, in their 2015 book, “Campaign Finance and Political Polarization: When Purists Prevail,” argue that legislative inaction inherently benefits the affluent and hurts the less advantaged: “A strong case has been made that policy gridlock exacerbates wealth inequality through a basic failure to adjust policies to new economic and demographic realities,” they write, like globalization and automation, which have disproportionately penalized unskilled and semiskilled labor.La Raja and Schaffner add thatPartisan polarization tends to exacerbate problems of economic inequality because political stalemate makes government less responsive to the needs of poorer citizens.In 2017, the most recent year with complete data, the top 10 lobbying associations — which include the United States Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Realtors, the Business Roundtable and the Pharmaceutical Research & Manufacturers of America — spent a total of $291.2 million on lobbying, according to Open Secrets.In the simplest terms, the pattern of campaign contributions (calculated by Open Secrets) provides insight into the motives of the interest groups and corporations — those represented by the major lobbying groups — that are most concerned with shaping public policy.In the 2017-18 election cycle, securities and investment firms gave a total of $60,566,716, split 53-46 percent between Democrats and Republicans; real estate gave $52,205,352 (51 to 48); accountants, $11,807,757, (46 to 51); the health industry, $159,255,037, (54.6 to 45); and lobbyists themselves contributed $25,828,243, (46 to 53).The stakes of this competition are substantially higher than those involved in picking individual candidates because ultimately they determine entire classes of winners and losers.Instead of building solidarity, study after study shows that as the gulf between rich and poor widens, voters become increasingly mean spirited and hostile to the welfare state, progressive taxation and regulations designed to protect consumers, workers and the environment.“People who have experienced higher inequality during their lives are less in favor of redistribution,” write Christopher Roth and Johannes Wohlfart, economists at the University of Warwick in Britain and Goethe University in Germany, in their November 2018 paper, “Experienced Inequality and Preferences for Redistribution.” They are “less likely to support left-wing parties and to consider the prevailing distribution of incomes to be unfair.”In another essay from November 2018, “Inequality and Participative Democracy. A Self‐Reinforcing Mechanism,” Ioannis Theodossiou and Alexandros Zangelidis, economists at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland, describe the way income inequality leads to political apathy and back again:Greater income inequality alienates and discourages people from engaging with common affairs, thus leading to lower political participation. Yet, lower electoral participation leads towards a less equitable distribution of income. Hence, this study reveals a self‐reinforcing mechanism where the unequal distribution of income leads to political exclusion, which in turn leads to more inequality.In other words, increasing inequality undermines support for a progressive agenda — the agenda most likely to improve the life chances and conditions of the least well off.Steven Pearlstein, a columnist at the Washington Post, in his 2018 book “Can American Capitalism Survive?” describes this negative feedback loop succinctly:As a society, we are now caught in one of those self-reinforcing, downward spirals in which the erosion of social capital, government dysfunction, rising inequality and slowing rates of economic growth are all feeding off each other, with more of one leading to more of all the others.Pearlstein continues:Income inequality and political polarization have become mutually reinforcing, creating the vicious circle that now manifests itself daily in the erosion of norms around civility and truth telling, the declining trust in political institutions, legislative gridlock and political dysfunction.Unsurprisingly, such problems lead to ever more disquieting outcomes.Anthony Chen, a sociologist at Northwestern, wrote by email:Weakened opposition is one reason why business influence over political and regulatory decisions seems greater today than it did before.In addition, Chen argued,one of the big political advantages that business enjoys is that it is continually able to recruit good players and send them to play every game worth playing in the American political and legal system. And there are a lot of games worth playing. Those games might entail having key language inserted into a piece of legislation as it gets finalized by Congress, or sending a top-notch legal team to Federal District Court when a favorable way of interpreting a particular statutory provision is potentially at stake, or making sure that business views are amply reflected in the EPA’s notice-and-comment rule-making process. And those are just some of the games that are being played at the federal level.Still, the newly elected Democratic House majority does not enter the fray without some effective tools of its own. Perhaps most important is the changing source of campaign money.Earlier this month, two reporters for The Times, Stephanie Saul and Rachel Shorey, reported thatDemocratic candidates in the general election collected nearly $296 million in small donations, more than three times the $85 million collected by Republicans.ActBlue, a liberal internet-based nonprofit fund-raising organization, told Saul and Shorey thatit helped raise $1.6 billion in the 2017-18 election cycle, including money it collects for interest groups and state candidates. The average donation was $39.67.The growth of small donor contributions online has lessened the dependence of Democratic candidates on the network of Washington-based PACs and lobbyist-run fund-raisers. The question now, Walter Shapiro, a fellow at the Brennan Center, writes, is whether Democrats “can withstand the inevitable pressure to adapt to business as usual in Washington by resisting the traditional advice to court big-money contributors.”La Raja of warned in an email thatA potentially larger challenge in any Democratic effort to reduce inequality is that allied interest groups and individual donors — as progressive as they are — focus on issues that are not necessarily about reducing inequality for the poor and working class. Instead, the emphasis is often on social issues such as abortion and civil rights, or protecting the environment.Jesse Rhodes, also a political scientist at the University of Massachusetts, questioned in an email whether Democratic donors support the goal of reducing economic inequality:I think that, all things considered, there is probably more tension than alignment with this goal. To be sure, donors tend to be more ideological than non-donors, so donors to Democratic candidates and/or the Democratic Party are going to be fairly liberal on average. At the same time, donors, particularly significant donors, are likely to be fairly affluent, and therefore heavily invested in the status quo.Democratic campaign contributors, Rhodes continued, would in all likelihood besupportive of progressive policies that would reduce economic inequality at the margins — e.g. shoring up Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, supporting increases in the minimum wage, and so forth — but I’m skeptical that they would be enthusiastic about more dramatic policy proposals that would require large tax increases on high incomes.The larger question in the wake of the 2018 elections is whether the forces that propelled Democrats into the majority in the House are powerful and persistent enough to force a shift from the rightward direction of policymaking that has held sway over a significant stretch of the past 40 years.The 2018 election outcome demonstrated that the left has regained momentum and enthusiasm, but the interest group elite — the prime movers of the regressive distribution of income described by Drutman, Grossmann and LaPira — have demonstrated exceptional staying power.“Business groups are simply more numerous and better resourced than any other type of interest group,” Chen writes in “In the Private Interest? Business Influence and American Democracy,” which also appears as a chapter in “Can America Govern Itself?” Corporations and trade groups are far more likely than citizen groups to employ hired lobbyists and former government officials, and the average spending of corporations and trade groups on lobbying and campaign contributions routinely exceeds that of citizen groups by several multiples.Especially in the case of the finance industry, Chen writes,there is rapidly accumulating evidence that campaign contributions deliver a definite and non-trivial improvement in the probability of obtaining a favorable vote.According to Bloomberg, three major business groups — the United States Chamber of Commerce, the Business Roundtable and the National Association of Realtors — invested over $50 million in lobbying to win passage of the trillion dollar Trump tax cut.If newly ascendant Democrats are to have a chance in their struggle against the power brokers of the lobbying community, they will have to maintain and expand their current House majority and eventually win the Senate. Perhaps most important, the party must avoid the repetition of past flameouts.Previous implosions include the elections of 1978 and 1980 that crushed the Democratic surge in the wake of Watergate and the 2010 Republican wave election that brought an abrupt halt to the idea that a new Democratic majority had dawned after President Barack Obama’s victory in 2008.Democrats need a leader who can power through the internal contradictions that their multihued, multicultural rainbow coalition presents.They need their own populist playbook and a presidential candidate equipped to forcefully campaign on it, someone whose personality — bravura, charisma, and bullheadedness — can seal for even a short while the cracks and schisms that push the party in a hundred different directions.My guess is that this will require the Democrats and their presidential nominee to resourcefully confront — to creatively reformat — issues of race and immigration, gender and sexual identity that Republicans have exploited with great success to peel away swing voters. This may be where a candidate’s charisma — his or her ability to elicit committed followership — becomes indispensable. The issue is less whether the party should or should not move left, but how a party of the left presents itself to and recruits an Election Day majority from a heterogeneous and deeply conflicted national audience.The danger for Democrats is that intensifying public hostility to President Trump may hand them the White House in 2020 before they have fully cultivated a leadership cadre equipped to address the conflicts that have torn the party apart in the past — a cadre that must also be strong enough to do battle with the increasingly powerful moneyed class and its voracious lobbying elite.I invite you to follow me on Twitter, @Edsall.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Here’s the intriguing question raised by “Work Optional” (Hachette, $17.99): Can you retire really early? Say by age 40, or extremely soon if you are older than that?Tanja Hester, a communications consultant who quit working at age 38, says you can. Ms. Hester had a big head start, but her logic is sound, even if she makes it seem simpler than it is for most of us.Retiring early and successfully requires two things, she argues: knowing what you will do with your life without a paying job, and a lot of money to live on.Ms. Hester is terrific in explaining the first part; so-so on the second.She says your extended retirement will be far more enjoyable if you have a specific plan, one that flows from a sense of purpose.“Purpose just means you know why you are getting out of bed each morning or what you want your life to add up to ultimately,” she says.But how are you going to be able to fund that purpose? That brings us to the flaws in the book.My biggest objection is Ms. Hester makes the ability to retire early sound too easy, and one of the reasons it does is she repeatedly draws from her experience with the implicit message: “If I can do it, anyone can.”But her situation is not representative.She doesn’t provide specific numbers from her life — which feels like a cheat — but we learn a few important facts. She and her husband had each been earning more than $100,000 annually for several years when they retired; had bought a home in Lake Tahoe, Calif., at the bottom of the real estate market, giving them a substantial equity cushion; and had acquired a rental property as well. In addition, they have no children — kids are expensive (duh) and hinder your ability to save for an early retirement. And, oh, yes, while they were working, their investments were growing during the longest bull market in history, so last year’s decline probably didn’t hurt too much.Not everyone thinking of retiring early will have those advantages.Then there is her limited financial advice. Ms. Hester devotes only about a third of her 260 pages to the financing of an early retirement. And while she provides ideas — such as overachieve at work to save whatever raises you get before you quit — she doesn’t go into any great depth.Two quick examples show the problem.A novice, she says, might be “uncomfortable” investing heavily in stocks, so that person should consider an initial mix of 33 percent cash, 33 percent bonds and 34 percent stocks.But that’s not an allocation conducive to retiring early. Based on historical rates of return, it has yielded less than 4 percent annually after inflation. That is not something Ms. Hester points out.There are other omissions. Take the matter of how much money you can withdraw from your investments. Ms. Hester cites the well-known research that contends you should be able to take out 3 to 4 percent of your savings annually and probably not outlive your money.But the key word there is probably.The following example, which I’ve constructed, shows the gap between probably and definitely.Say a 42-year-old woman wants to quit tomorrow. Her life expectancy, according to the Social Security Administration, is 40 years. If she has $1 million invested in a portfolio split evenly between stocks on the one hand and bonds and money market funds on the other, and plans to withdraw 4 percent annually — $40,000 — she has just an 83 percent chance her money will last long enough, according to Vanguard’s “retirement nest egg calculator,” which ran 100,000 possible projections of what markets might do, what’s known as a Monte Carlo simulation. That’s close to a one in five chance of running out of money.To be fair, in talking about withdrawals, Ms. Hester does write: “At a minimum enter your numbers into an online Monte Carlo simulator” to see what the odds are of “you having enough saved.” But she does not play out any examples. Nor does she spend a lot of time on situations more complicated than the one I created.Ms. Hester seemingly anticipated my carping when she wrote: “I wanted the conversation about early retirement to be about life, not just about money.”Still, I wish she had focused more on the money. What you have to doExperienced investors know there are only two ways you can end up with more money.■ Earn more — by doing things like increasing your work income, getting higher yields on your investments or finding additional revenue from things like rental properties or royalties.■ Spend less.While I wish Ms. Hester had given much more specific financial advice, simply getting you to think about how you might retire early forces you to ponder how you could cut current spending and increase your income, savings and the rates they earn. That’s good.But when you do, you may find you have a long way to go before you can chuck it all.In the current election cycle, bets on moderation have few takers. Leading Democratic candidates are supporting bold progressive policy initiatives that are supported by liberal primary voters but may prove to be a tough sell to the general electorate. President Trump and his Republican allies will certainly try to use these initiatives against their Democratic rivals. They have in fact already begun to do so.A number of Democratic presidential candidates, for example, are calling for the elimination of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency and they have declared themselves in favor of such multibillion dollar programs as Medicare for all and a Green New Deal. Growing numbers are supportive of reparations to compensate black Americans for the costs of slavery and segregation.Why are these candidates willing to buck political tradition and heighten the risk of defeat on Nov. 3, 2020?Here is one answer, from Julie Wronski, a political scientist at the University of Mississippi:Democrats contain much more heterogeneity across social groups than the more homogeneous white, Christian conservative Republican Party. To the extent the Democratic Party needs to entice and accommodate African-Americans, Latinos, environmentalists, etc. as voters, their candidates need to start embracing boutique policies for these groups that may not align with a general election “median voter” model of espousing moderate national policies.The issue of reparations illuminates the heterogeneity of the Democratic electorate. There are two surveys on reparations, a May 2016 Marist Poll and a July 2018 poll by the liberal group Data for Progress. Both produced similar results.The Marist survey found overwhelming opposition among whites in response to the question As a way to make up for the harm caused by slavery and other forms of racial discrimination, do you think the United States should or should not pay reparations, that is, should or should not pay money to African-Americans who are descendants of slaves?Whites were opposed 81-15. Latinos were split, with 46 percent in support and 47 percent opposed. African-American voters support reparations, 58-35.The Data for Progress survey found sharp partisan divisions on the issue of reparations. Democrats supported reparations across the board: whites 37.8 to 30.5 percent; blacks 58.5 to 15.0 percent; Hispanics, 49.9 to 18.3 percent. Independents were opposed, 41.0 to 22.8 percent. Republicans were decisively in opposition, 77.1 to 8.9 percent.Among all voters, opposition to reparations was nearly twice as large as support, 47.1 to 26.4 percent.For the Democrats running for president, African-American backing is crucial both in the primaries and in the general election.Nationally, black voters in 2016 cast about one of every four ballots in Democratic primaries. In four states, African-Americans cast the majority of votes: 71 percent in Mississippi, 61 percent in South Carolina, 54 percent in Alabama and 51 percent in Georgia.Let’s look at another progressive initiative. In August 2018, AP-NORC asked voters if they support or oppose “abolishing the Immigration and Customs Enforcement, known as ICE?” 41 percent opposed abolition and 24 percent supported it.Medicare for all and the Green New Deal pose a subtler dilemma for Democratic candidates. In the abstract, voters are supportive; the problems arise when the same voters are told key details, including costs.The best example of this is Medicare for all. In March, a Kaiser Family Foundation poll found that a majority supported “a national health plan or Medicare-for-all plan,” 56-39, but support vacillates in both directions depending on how the program is portrayed.If, for example, Democrats posit that Medicare for all would eliminate health care premiums and reduce out of pocket costs, support rises to 67 percent with 30 percent opposed.Conversely, if Republicans succeed in portraying the program as leading to delays in getting medical treatment, or to the elimination of current private coverage, or to higher taxes, support collapses to the mid-20s and mid-30s, with opposition shooting up to the 60 to 70 percent range.Bold progressive stands may be risky in general elections, but recent research suggests that policy radicalism pays off in primaries.In a forthcoming paper, “Policy Over Party: Comparing the effects of candidate ideology and party on affective polarization,” Yphtach Lelkes, a political scientist at the University of Pennsylvania, reports that voters in primary elections prefer candidates who are willing to take more extreme positions.“Partisans are reacting most favorably toward ideological extremists,” Lelkes wrote in an email:In fact, moderates are punished for the policies. Extreme politicians in the vein of Mike Lee and Elizabeth Warren, are rated roughly 20-25 points higher (on a 0 to 100 scale) by party identifiers than ideologically moderate politicians in the vein of Susan Collins and Joe Manchin. These effects are even larger among ideologically extreme respondents — the kind that vote in primary elections.Lelkes conducted experiments that asked participants to rate a number of hypothetical candidates, including a moderate Democrat, an “ideologically extreme” liberal Democrat, a moderate Republican and an “ideologically extreme” conservative Republican.He found that the most ideologically committed voters — who are disproportionately represented in primaries and caucuses — strongly preferred more extreme candidates:The impact of policy cues was particularly strong among respondents who themselves held strong policy positions. If a respondent was told that candidate held extreme in-party views, ideologically extreme respondents registered feeling thermometer ratings 35.89 points warmer than ideologically neutral respondents.Lelkes’s conclusion?If we are to decrease affective polarization in the United States, we need politicians that are politically moderate. Unfortunately, voters prefer politicians of their own party that are politically extreme. This incentivizes extreme political candidates, which will only exacerbate current tensions.There are dangers for both parties is these trends, Lelkes argues, citing a 2015 study of House elections, “What Happens When Extremists Win Primaries?” by Andrew Hall, a political scientist at Stanford.Hall found that when a more extreme candidate beats a moderate in the primarythe party’s general-election vote share decreases on average by approximately 9—13 percentage points, and the probability that the party wins the seat decreases by 35—54 percentage points.Gallup data shows the steady ascendance within Democratic ranks of self-identified ideological liberals and a parallel decline in the share of Democrats who say they are moderate or conservative. From 1973 to 2018, as I have noted before, the percentage of Democrats who say they are liberal has grown from 25 to 51 percent, while the share of moderates has fallen from 48 to 31 percent, and the share of conservatives has dropped from 25 to 13 percent.A 2014 Pew study showed a steady process of ideological consolidation among both Republicans and Democrats since 1994, although consolidation accelerated most rapidly on the left:The share of Democrats who are liberal on all or most value dimensions has nearly doubled from just 30 percent in 1994 to 56 percent today. The share who are consistently liberal has quadrupled from just 5 percent to 23 percent over the past 20 years.In a reflection of their importance in primaries, “consistently liberal” Democrats turned out in elections at a 70 percent rate, compared with 47 percent for “mostly liberal” Democrats and 41 percent for Democrats with “mixed views,” according to Pew data.These and other trends, according to Lee Drutman, a senior fellow at the liberal New America think tank, represent the changing the mind-set of the Democratic electorate. In an email, Drutman wrote:Two related dynamics are operative. One, Democratic voters have moved to the left in response to Trump, and are eager for policies that signal transformative change, not just incrementalism. There is no return to normalcy, because the past is now seen as more flawed.This dynamic has intensified because the most engaged Democrats, Drutman writes,have bought into an argument that Hillary Clinton lost in 2016 because she was too incrementalist, and had she gone a little bolder and promised something more exciting than her competence and experience, she might have won.The second dynamic, Drutman continued, is thatin a crowded field, candidates are seeking to distinguish themselves with grass-roots energy. A very effective way of generating grass-roots energy is attaching to transformative changes these policies signal. Incrementalism and moderation doesn’t generate much excitement among the activists or in coverage from journalists who are responsible for driving candidate buzz in these early stages.In a similar analysis, John Sides, a political scientist at George Washington University, argues thatOn race and immigration in particular, I think Trump is pushing Democrats to the left. To be clear, Hillary Clinton was already to Obama’s left even in 2016. But I think Trump’s rhetoric and agenda has made conservative positions on race and immigration even more anathema to Democrats.Sides also pointed out that the incentives for Democratic candidates have shifted:It used to be the case that Democratic candidates had to moderate on racial issues to maintain a Democratic coalition that included both blacks and some racially conservative whites. But the Democratic coalition has changed: it is increasingly made up of not only nonwhites but whites who espouse racially liberal attitudes.In an argument elaborating on a point made by Drutman, Edward Carmines, a political scientist at Indiana University, made the case that the 2016 defeat of Hillary Clinton fostered the shift to the left:If a moderate policy agenda cannot guarantee electoral victory why downplay your leftward policy orientations in the unlikely event that it will jeopardize your electoral success?Carmines added:Trump’s success has reinforced this perspective. He won with a very right-wing policy agenda. Perhaps a left-wing set of proposals can lead Democrats to similar success.Carmines believes that “both of these premises are mistaken and could very well lead Democrats to electoral defeat when victory is within sight.”Leonie Huddy, a political scientist at Stony Brook University, argues that the liberal tilt of the Democratic candidates is, in fact, a rational political strategy. “There is real change afoot with the most recent generations,” she wrote, citing a Pew study released in January:Young Republicans are especially different from older Republicans and the Democratic Party is likely to regard such findings as an invitation to poach more liberal young Republicans.Strong partisans, however, Huddy writes, “are unlikely to defect from the party in 2020 regardless of its issue agenda,” and political independentsare younger, on average, than partisans. Appealing to young voters thus makes political sense when it comes to the general 2020 presidential election.Gary Jacobson, a political scientist at the University of California-San Diego, has a somewhat different take on the changing character of the Democratic electorate and the party’s presidential candidates.The candidates, Jacobson wrote by email, “are playing to their activist base whose enthusiasm helped produce their House victory in 2018.”He warned, however, that “leaning left does carry risks; there are not enough liberals (or progressives, if you prefer) to form a majority nationally or in the Electoral College.”In contemporary presidential campaigns, according to Jacobson,the tricky thing is that in an era of extremely high party line voting, turnout becomes enormously important. Trump has proven to be a great mobilizer of Democrats, but they still have to consider how enthusiastic ordinary Democrats will be about their nominee.Trump, Jacobson noted, willtry to mobilize his base by ranting about “socialism” and of course some potential Democratic candidates will be more vulnerable to that charge than others.The strategic choices facing prospective Democratic nominees are, in the view of Lynn Vavreck, a political scientist at U.C.L.A., even more complex and subtle than those described by Jacobson.Taking very liberal stands on contested issues, she wrote me,might not pose “significant risks” if you think your minimum winning coalition of voters is made up of people who either share your preferences on these things, or for whom these policies are not pivotal in their vote decision.She elaborated:There are people for whom these issues are important, but for whom there’s no position a Democrat could take that would make them decide not to vote for that Democrat. There are other people, presumably, for whom these issues are so important and their preferences so intense, that any Democrat who takes a position far from their own is a Democrat for whom they won’t vote. It depends which type of people you think are in your winning coalition as to whether you stake out positions on these things.Matthew Nisbet, a professor of communication, public policy and urban affairs at Northeastern and editor in chief of the journal Environmental Communication, addressed only the support for a Green New Deal by some Democratic candidates. His view is pessimistic.In an email, he wrote:The Green New Deal has done damage to the Democratic Party’s chances heading into the 2020 elections, while hurting efforts to build momentum on behalf of climate and energy policy options capable of passing during an era of enduring divided government.In an article in the spring edition of Issues in Science and Technology, Nisbet contends that the goal of Green New Dealersis not to broker cross-alliances between the center-right, center-left, and left wing, drawing on the best ideas that those factions can offer, but rather to build progressive power.In an interesting development, the momentum behind the more radical Democratic agenda has turned both Barack Obama and Nancy Pelosi into defenders of the party’s old guard.Pelosi, who has been trying with mixed success to tamp down the left wing of the House Democratic caucus, recently described her views on Medicare for all in an interview with The Washington Post.At first she said, “I’m agnostic. Show me how you think you can get there.” But then she cautioned:So we’ll have hearings, again, let’s see what it is. Right now it’s a $30 trillion price tag. What do people get for that in terms of care, and what do they pay for that along the way?Implicit in her comment is the belief that $30 trillion is not acceptable to the American public.Obama, speaking at a town hall in Germany earlier this month, warned of the dangers of uncompromising ideology for the progressive wing of his party:One of the things I do worry about sometimes among progressives in the United States — maybe it’s true here as well — is a certain kind of rigidity where we say, ‘Uh, I’m sorry, this is how it’s going to be,’ and then we start sometimes creating what’s called a ‘circular firing squad,’ where you start shooting at your allies because one of them has strayed from purity on the issues. And when that happens, typically the overall effort and movement weakens.For the moment, both Obama and Pelosi are having minimal influence as far as the leftward thrust of the Democratic presidential nomination goes.Three years ago, Trump threw out conventional wisdom and went on to win the nomination and the presidency. Maybe, this time around, Democrats can gamble successfully on a similar strategy and win. Or maybe not. The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Within days of his announcement that he was running for the Democratic presidential nomination, Beto O’Rourke shot up in the rankings in terms of money, media coverage and Google searches. Then the knives came out — progressives, women, African-Americans and party loyalists all took a stab at him.The response to Beto is polarizing the Democratic activist community. The overriding question for Democrats is electability: who can beat Trump is a matter of pressing concern and profound anxiety for at least half the nation. The wrong choice would be disastrous.Let’s start with O’Rourke’s negatives and we’ll get to the positives later.“I’ve been quite critical of O’Rourke because I don’t really think the 2020 race needs him. We already have a pretty good bench of Democrats, and they mostly have thought far more about policy and politics than O’Rourke has,” Sean McElwee, a co-founder of Data for Progress, whose views represent those of many on the outspoken left, told me:I think he’s vulnerable because of his gaffes and vague policies, but I think he’s most weak due to his pretty pro-development tenure on the El Paso City Council.McElwee contended that O’Rourke isno more electable than Kamala Harris or Elizabeth Warren and would be far less prepared to staff and run a White House. He’s never shown a commitment to progressive policies in the past, why should we trust him now? We don’t need a superstar, we need someone ready to push all-out to implement the progressive agenda.Gina Glantz, a co-founder of GenderAvenger, an organization determined to ensure “women are represented in the public dialogue,” replied to my inquiry about O’Rourke:I must admit after a few days of watching and reading about his opening gatherings I am less rather than more intrigued. To me, he exudes a sense of entitlement, which I find off-putting.How about O’Rourke and the white working class?Paul A. Sracic, a political scientist as Youngstown State University, emailed me:O’Rourke’s vague, “We all need to come together” message will not resonate with people who see life as a battle. Working class voters believe in pugilistic politics. And I suspect that O’Rourke’s punk rock background will seem odd to working class voters. These voters want to feel as if their candidates are “one of them.”Negative coverage in the press has been abundant:“The Unbearable Male Privilege of Beto O’Rourke" (The Daily Beast). He voted for Republican legislation (The Wall Street Journal). He put his adolescent fantasies into print (The Resurgent). He’s a wealthy dilettante (The National Review), an empty shell (The New Republic), a teenage hacker (USA Today), a master class in male entitlement (The Guardian).At the same time, O’Rourke has captured the imagination of millions of voters and donors.Frank Wilkinson, a former colleague of mine, wrote at Bloomberg:O’Rourke is not the only candidate modeling decency as an antidote to Trumpism. But he’s the one who has best harnessed the anxiety and rage generated by Trumpism’s assaults on democratic values and transformed them into willful, defiant optimism.Don Fowler, former chair of the Democratic National Committee, captures this feeling: “He clearly possesses a charismatic charge, a spark that few others have.” Still, Fowler goes on to enumerate O’Rourke’s liabilities:His impressive campaign for the Senate in Texas was a combination of luck and a damaged opponent. His ability to conduct an effective national campaign is totally unknown. His recent tour of the country was essentially by himself — a very poor way to test a candidate’s national potential in a crowded, competitive field. As to issues, the same unknown quality of his organizational potential characterizes his policy and ideological stances. Both major prongs of a national campaign are truly unknown and must be tested in the public crucible. Only time will tell on both policy and operational scores — wait and see.A Texas Democratic operative lavished praise on Beto, on background, in order to speak freely:O’Rourke has an intangible energy that goes beyond the litmus test. On a national scale that could be monumental. It’s emotional. It’s not tangible. Beto tapped into something with nontraditional voters. People who never publicly supported a campaign were putting Beto signs in their yard. LeBron James wore his logo on a hat.“I first saw the momentum in late spring 2018,” reports the Republican strategist Scott Reed:I live in Dallas and saw the yard signs popping up, all in front of large homes and mansions that would traditionally have been straight G.O.P. It almost became a badge of courage for many of the limousine liberals in Dallas.Reed, who ran Bob Dole’s 1996 presidential campaign, went on:His Willie Nelson event in Austin drew 50k folks and was also a strong signal to young voters — even though very few voted. His performances in the debates was exceptional and added to his momentum. Cruz was the #1 G.O.P. fund-raiser and he got swamped every quarter. I see a little Bobby Kennedy in him.Richard Murray, a political scientist at the University of Houston, was also impressed. He emailed:His appeal in Texas is a combination of an attractive persona with animated mannerisms that come across as cool and authentic to many (especially those under 35); boundless energy plus exceptional verbal skills that enable him to weave stories from folks he’s encountered on the campaign trail into compelling narratives (a rare skill) — displayed in an environment where voters in our very diverse and fast growing metropolitan areas have soured on the far right turn of Texas GOP leaders like Ted Cruz and Dan Patrick.How about a national campaign?Will this combination work in a national primary featuring the most diverse set of competitors in the nation’s history? I do not know, nor does anyone else. But the retail politics states of Iowa and New Hampshire are great places to test his road show outside the Lone Star State.Murray’s son, Keir Murray, a Democratic political consultant in Texas, added more praise:My own sense is his appeal was based, in part, on being a natural foil to Cruz (who is pretty much loathed by all but true conservatives in Texas) and by extension to Trump. O’Rourke is self-effacing, low-key guy, who comes across as fundamentally decent. I don’t think most Democrats, liberals or everyday Texans knew much about his policy positions, or cared much. They liked him. People sensed he was being himself — not perfect, not having all the answers — but honest and good-hearted.Robert Stein, a political scientist at Rice, is upbeat on O’Rourke’s prospects. He wrote me:Shortly after the November election progressives hit him hard for not backing their issue positions on guns and energy. My sense is that he is looking to avoid being defined on a left/right dimension/continuum. It seems like he is trying to define his candidacy as humane, pragmatic and capable of beating Trump.Stein argues thathe is sufficiently retail for places like Iowa and New Hampshire and if he can survive the rush before Super Tuesday, he should come out of the March primaries in the upper echelon of remaining candidates.Although O’Rourke lost the Texas Senate race to Cruz by just under 3 percent, exit polls show that he won among women, 54-46; among voters under 45, 59-40; minorities, 69-31; college graduates, 51-48; moderates, 65-34; and voters who say they are not white born-again or evangelical Christians, 61-38.While suffering from some hostile media impressions, O’Rourke has gotten his share, if not more so, of favorable press:He’s authentic, full of energy, and stripped of consultant-driven sterility (Vanity Fair). Will Beto O’Rourke Become President? (Texas Monthly). Beto O’Rourke Rivals Trump on Social Media (Newsweek). Beto O’Rourke could lead a blue wave in Texas (Vox). Beto O’Rourke blows up the 2020 Democratic primary (Politico).At the same time, some of the strongest opposition to O’Rourke — reflecting schisms within the Democratic Party — has come from women’s rights advocates, many of whom took offense at a comment he made to Vanity Fair: “Man, I’m just born to be in it.”Natasha Korecki, a Politico reporter, captured the feminist opposition to O’Rourke in her March 15 story, “‘Not one woman got that kind of coverage’: Beto backlash begins.”Korecki wrote:The breathless, sweeps-like cable television coverage that greeted the former Texas congressman’s first campaign events stunned and frustrated many Democratic operatives — particularly women — who viewed it as an example of the double standard at work in the historically diverse presidential field. To them, O’Rourke, a white, male candidate had already been anointed the next sensation, his entry into the race greased by live television shots and O’Rourke-centric panels.Celinda Lake, a Democratic pollster, told Politico, “I think if you look at the pattern, there is a real distinction between the way men were covered and the way the women were covered. There’s a huge double standard,” before adding:With women, many, many more negatives were raised and the men were treated like the Second Coming. I’m surprised that this is continuing in 2019, after the year of the woman.In response to the animosity, O’Rourke indicated that he would pick a woman as his vice-presidential running mate. On March 15, he told reporters: “It would be very difficult not to select a woman with so many extraordinary women who are running right now.”O’Rourke appears to be acutely sensitive to this issue. He told Vanity Fair, before he announced his bid, that “the government at all levels is overly represented by white men,” and he didn’t leave it there:That’s part of the problem, and I’m a white man. So if I were to run, I think it’s just so important that those who would comprise my team looked like this country. If I were to run, if I were to win, that my administration looks like this country. It’s the only way I know to meet that challenge.It’s not altogether clear, however, that women currently seeking the top job would be thrilled by O’Rourke’s offer of the number two spot.Washington political professionals are also going to be a hard sell.John Lawrence, former chief of staff for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, questions whether O’Rourke is up to the challenge. Lawrence says he finds it difficultto see a white male emerging from the multicandidate pack. True, all the women/minorities could divide up the other voters, but with proportionate allocation of delegates, it’s hard to see a white male moderate emerging with a majority.“Freshness only goes so far,” Lawrence pointed out:After a year of being beat up by competitors, the press, Trump, grass roots, etc., he might not look or sound so “fresh.” He strikes me as somewhat superficial, very much a personality; I am not convinced the act sells on a national basis.Isaac Hale, a political scientist at the University of California, notes thatBeto doesn’t have the luxury of running in the Democratic presidential primary as “not Ted Cruz.” which is certainly a large part of what endeared him to Democratic voters around the country in 2018.O’Rourke, Hale observes, “is something of a blank slate that voters and party elites can project their own policy preferences onto,” a characteristic that can work to his advantage or disadvantage.Lynn Vavreck, a political scientist at U.C.L.A., looked at the same issue from a different angle:The ways these races get framed depends a lot on who the candidates are and what their constraints are — if O’Rourke finds himself in a race against another young white male who is inspiring, these things won’t be a strength of his; but if he finds himself running against an older person who isn’t inspiring, they could be.Vavreck added:Your constraints are only constraints if your opponent doesn’t share them; and your strengths are only strengths if your opponent doesn’t share them. When there are 16 people vying for the nomination you have to winnow the field to be able to talk sensibly about who has advantages beyond just fund-raising and organization. Are there no other candidates who have “capacity to inspire,” “policy centrism”?In the current contest, Vavreck declared, “There are. This makes me think that these may not be unique strengths of this candidate!”Suzanne Model, a sociologist at the University of Massachusetts-Amherst who has written extensively on race and immigration, argues that O’Rourke faces an uphill battle for the nomination:O’Rourke will do well in the primaries but it is unlikely that he will win. Young, handsome and self-effacing, his charismatic manner will appeal to “non-policy wonks.” This includes traditionally-oriented women, young adults, and political moderates. In addition, his recent pro-immigrant stance, Hispanic sounding name and Texas roots should garner him support among Latinos.But, Model continued,O’Rourke’s problem is that he has little appeal to left-leaning voters or African-Americans. They watched the G.O.P. destroy a Democratic president who expressed a willingness to work with Republicans; hence, they seek a candidate who is more experienced, sophisticated and aggressive.In order to beat Trump, Model contends,The Democratic standard-bearer must carry a significant proportion of two constituencies: African Americans and working class white males. Under an O’Rourke candidacy, too many African Americans will stay home and too many working class white males will vote for Trump. Perhaps no Democratic candidate is capable of succeeding simultaneously with these two heterogeneous groups, but that is the most plausible route to a Trump defeat.Which brings us back to the existential question I raised at the beginning of this column: Can Beto O’Rourke beat Donald Trump?O’Rourke’s fund-raising success will keep him in the contest longer than less fortunate competitors, and the volume of media coverage he elicits is boosting his name recognition, a crucial first step.G. Elliott Morris, a political data reporter for the Economist, noted on Twitter that O’Rourke has received more cable news coverage in the five days since his announcement than any other candidate during the full post-announcement week. O’Rourke is on a path to get 180 percent of the coverage received by Bernie Sanders, the previous leader on this measure.While head-to-head polls are still in a larval stage, they do signal the demographic sources of support for the candidates.The most recent CNN poll, released on Tuesday, shows, for example, that the leader, Joe Biden, at 28 percent overall, gets more support from moderates than from liberals, more from older voters than young voters, more from men than women and more from whites than from minorities. Bernie Sanders, at 20 percent, is just the opposite, stronger among liberals, young voters, minorities and women.O’Rourke, at 11 percent, has a long way to go to catch up with either Biden or Sanders. But the CNN poll shows that O’Rourke’s supporters tend to be slightly more liberal than moderate, young rather than old, female rather than male, and O’Rourke gets more support from African-Americans and Hispanics than from whites. In other words, O’Rourke’s backing is tilted to constituencies that are not normally associated with a moderate white Democratic politician whose voting record, by party standards, is on the center-right.If these demographic patterns hold, O’Rourke is competing more directly with Sanders (and Kamala Harris and Elizabeth Warren) than with Biden.The Sanders-O’Rourke battle has already begun. Bernie Sanders loyalists have been challenging O’Rourke’s credentials for the past three months as both men seek support from younger voters.“Forces loyal to Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders are waging an increasingly public war against Texas Rep. Beto O’Rourke, the new darling of Democratic activists,” Jonathan Allen and Alex Seitz-Wald of NBC News wrote in December. “O’Rourke’s ability to connect with younger and progressive white voters,” they continued, “puts him in direct competition with the Vermont senator.”On Tuesday, Sanders announced that he has hired David Sirota, one of O’Rourke’s harshest critics, as a senior adviser and speechwriter. On Dec. 22, Sirota published a 1,700 word denunciation of O’Rourke in The Guardian that concluded,Another blank-slate Democrat who pretends there is a unifying third way between the 99 percent and the 1 percent and who refuses to take sides in big fights against corporate power — that may excite Betomaniacs, establishment Democrats and those with stakes in the status quo, but it won’t rescue our country and it won’t save the planet.For a candidate with only a modest record in national politics, O’Rourke faces a daunting but not necessarily insuperable challenge in securing the nomination. His candidacy will be a test of his charisma and “spark,” as Don Fowler put it — of the “decency” and “integrity” that a fair number of voters and observers have commented on — against the more substantial and detailed progressivism of his adversaries, the moderation of still others — and all the things we don’t know about him yet.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Najib Razak, the former Malaysian prime minister who was ousted at the polls last year and now faces dozens of corruption-related charges, pleaded his case this week. But not before a judge.Standing before a microphone in a recording studio with more than a dozen young backup singers, he delivered a baritone intro to a reworked, Malay-language version of “Kiss and Say Goodbye,” the 1970s R&B hit by the American group the Manhattans.“This is the saddest day in my life,” Mr. Najib laments in the spoken intro, in a video posted on a Facebook page for his political party.“On May 9, 2018, I was ousted,” he croons. “All this while I fought relentlessly for the people whom I loved and are dear to me. But what can I do?”He goes on to say that he was a victim of the opposition agenda of “slander and revenge.”Mr. Najib begins to sway awkwardly as the chorus begins. An unidentified lead singer takes over with criticism of the governing coalition that took power last year:Hope as high as the mountainIt shattered into dustWhy did this sad story happen in my life?I trusted youWith all your promisesBut I was deceivedby all thatAnd you played me out.For nine years, Mr. Najib was seen as untouchable as Malaysia’s leader. But he had a spectacular collapse after a vast corruption scandal at a state investment fund fueled widespread public anger, leading to his party’s first loss since Malaysia became independent in 1963.He now faces multiple trials for dozens of counts of criminal breach of trust, money laundering and abuse of power in connection with the fund, 1Malaysia Development Berhad, and a subsidiary.The United States Justice Department says that more than $4.5 billion in stolen 1MDB funds was laundered through American banks, and that $731 million went into Mr. Najib’s personal account.Mr. Najib’s wife, Rosmah Mansor, has also been charged with money laundering and tax evasion. She was known for having a taste for luxury goods and owning a large collection of designer handbags and jewelry.Malaysia has also filed criminal charges against Goldman Sachs and several individuals, including Jho Low, a fugitive Malaysian financier who investigators say directed the scheme.Mr. Najib and Ms. Rosmah have pleaded not guilty, while Goldman Sachs has said it will contest the charges. Mr. Low’s representatives have said he does not believe he will receive a fair trial in Malaysia.Mr. Najib said he had recorded the song at the request of his political supporters. “They were sentimental about the good things that we did in the past,” he told The Malaysian Insight, “and felt it was unfair that we lost the general election.”Walter B. Jones Jr., a Republican congressman from North Carolina whose district included Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, was a staunch supporter of the American-led invasion of Iraq in 2003. He had even helped rebrand French fries as “freedom fries,” as a slap at France for opposing the war.But he had an epiphany one day at a memorial ceremony at Camp Lejeune for Marine Sgt. Michael Bitz, 31, who had been killed in Iraq shortly after the invasion while trying to evacuate his wounded comrades.During the ceremony, the sergeant’s 2-year-old son, Joshua, dropped a toy. A young Marine in dress uniform reached down to pick it up and handed it back.“And the boy looked up at him, and the Marine looked down, and then it hit me,” Mr. Jones told Mother Jones magazine years later.“This little boy would never know his daddy.”Mr. Jones’s grief at this scene would lead to a dramatic political conversion against the war, putting him in opposition to his own party and President George W. Bush. It also led to years of trying to atone for his earlier support.Mr. Jones died on Sunday, his 76th birthday, in Greenville, N.C., a statement by his office said. His health had been declining since September. Before he won re-election in November to his 12th term, he indicated that it would be his last. He then broke his hip in mid-January and was in hospice care at his death.After witnessing that memorial ceremony, Mr. Jones decided to write letters to the families and extended families of every American killed in any conflict in which the United States had been involved since the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.“That was, for me, asking God to forgive me for my mistake,” Mr. Jones told NPR in 2017. A deeply religious man, he had converted to Roman Catholicism after growing up a Southern Baptist.At his death Mr. Jones had written more than 12,000 letters. (More than 4,500 American military personnel have been killed in Iraq and more than 2,400 in Afghanistan.)“Gradually, one letter at a time, Jones’s doubts about the war began to take shape,” Mother Jones wrote in 2006.Mr. Jones also began putting up pictures in the hallway outside his Capitol Hill office of all the American military personnel who had been killed since 9/11. As those numbers climbed, Mr. Jones limited the pictures to those of Marines from Camp Lejeune.A pivotal moment for him came when his daughter, Ashley, gave him the audiobook of James Bamford’s “A Pretext for War” (2004).In her review, The New York Times critic Michiko Kakutani wrote that the book “draws a scathing picture of ideologues in the Bush administration, manipulating dubious evidence about links between Al Qaeda and Saddam Hussein and flawed information about weapons of mass destruction in the push toward war.”Mr. Jones’s sorrow over the loss of lives now gave way to outrage over the distortions and lies from the Bush administration that had led to the invasion. Feeling duped, he declared his opposition to the war in 2005 and pressed the administration for an exit strategy from Iraq.Mr. Jones was particularly galled by Vice President Dick Cheney’s statements that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction.“Lyndon Johnson’s probably rotting in hell right now because of the Vietnam War, and he probably needs to move over for Dick Cheney,” Mr. Jones said in 2013 at a meeting of Young Americans for Liberty in Raleigh, N.C.Mr. Bamford, the author, said in a telephone interview that it took courage for Mr. Jones “to change his position on one of the most momentous events in American history.”“He admitted it privately and came out publicly and said he was wrong,” Mr. Bamford said. “He even tried to bring other congressmen into the fold by having me come up to the Capitol and speak to them. To me, that showed his sincerity.”Acknowledging that he was wrong “was the genesis of the most important journey I’ve ever undertaken,” Mr. Jones later told Taylor Sisk, the co-author of a forthcoming book with Mr. Jones about the congressman’s regret over supporting the invasion.Mr. Sisk said in a telephone interview that Mr. Jones had told him coming out against the war had made him increasingly independent, quoting him as saying, “That’s been a liberating experience.”Walter Beaman Jones Jr. was born on Feb. 10, 1943, in Farmville, N.C., where he grew up and lived most of his life. His mother, Doris (Long) Jones, was a homemaker. His father worked for an office-supply company and served in the State Legislature before being elected to Congress in 1966. A Democrat, the elder Mr. Jones represented eastern North Carolina until he retired in 1992.Walter Jr. graduated in 1961 from Hargrave Military Academy in Chatham, Va., and attended North Carolina State University from 1962 to 1965, when he transferred to Atlantic Christian College, now Barton College, in Wilson, N.C. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree in history in 1966, the same year he married Joe Anne Whitehurst; she and their daughter survive him.Out of college, Mr. Jones joined the National Guard and became a wine salesman as well as a Catholic. In 1982 he was drafted by local Democrats to fill out the term of a state representative who had died in office. Mr. Jones served for 10 years, and when his father retired from Congress, he ran for his seat.Walter Jr. lost the 1992 Democratic primary. He tried again in a reconfigured district in 1994, by which time he had switched parties; a strong foe of abortion rights, he felt more comfortable as a Republican. He won that race and rode into office as part of a Republican wave led by the new speaker, Newt Gingrich.Courtly and well liked, Mr. Jones was voted the nicest member of the House of Representatives in a 2004 survey of top Capitol Hill staffers by The Washingtonian magazine.His political impulses were basically libertarian, and he occasionally strayed from Republican orthodoxy. He fiercely opposed measures that would contribute to the national debt and voted against President Trump’s tax-cut bill for that reason. He denounced the influence of money in politics and urged Congress to counter the Supreme Court’s Citizens United decisionBut after the terrorist attacks of 9/11, when President Bush sought congressional authority to use military force in Iraq, Mr. Jones gave his wholehearted support.Filled with patriotic fervor, he made perhaps his biggest publicity splash when he pushed for the menus in the Capitol cafeteria to be changed to read “freedom fries” instead of “French fries,” an idea he borrowed from a North Carolina restaurant chain.He was roundly applauded by Republicans and ridiculed by Democrats. (Tina Fey, on “Saturday Night Live,” said that in France, “American cheese is now referred to as ‘idiot cheese.’ ”)It was only about a month later that Mr. Jones attended the Camp Lejeune memorial ceremony that would affect him so profoundly and lead him to apologize, many times, in public.“I did not do what I should have done, to read and find out whether Bush was telling us the truth about Saddam being responsible for 9/11 and having weapons of mass destruction,” Mr. Jones told NPR in 2015.“Because I did not do my job then, I helped kill 4,000 Americans,” he said. “And I will go to my grave regretting that.”In 1992, before Bill Clinton became “our first black president,” before Newt Gingrich’s “Republican revolution,” before the advent of Barack Obama, I wrote a book about how race had come to dominate American politics.I argued that the enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1964set in motion a realignment of the two parties. As whites began to feel the costs of the civil rights revolution — affirmative action, busing, urban violence — Republicans recognized the potential of race to catalytically interact with the broader rights revolution and the anti-tax movement to drive working and middle class voters out of the Democratic Party.I also wrote about the political power of racial resentment:Race gave new strength to themes that in the past had been secondary — themes always present in American politics, but which previously lacked, in themselves, mobilizing power. Race was central, Richard Nixon and key Republican strategists began to recognize, to the fundamental conservative strategy of establishing a new, noneconomic polarization of the electorate, a polarization isolating a liberal, activist, culturally permissive, rights-oriented and pro-black Democratic Party against those unwilling to pay the financial and social costs of this reconfigured social order.The situation hasn’t changed much.Heading into the 2020 election, President Trump is prepared for the second time in a row to run a racist campaign. He continues, for example, to denigrate, in virulent terms, immigrants from Mexico and Central America.At the same time, Democrats are doubling down on a racially liberal political agenda, becoming more outspoken and more confrontational in their defense of diversity and multiculturalism. Two of the party’s top-tier candidates for president — Senator Cory Booker and Senator Kamala Harris — are African-American, one — Julián Castro — is Latino, and all of the current Democratic contenders unabashedly promote the rights of racial and ethnic minorities. The continuing Democratic quandary is how to maximize essential minority turnout, and at the same time retain — or recruit — sufficient numbers of white working class voters to secure victory on Election Day.My Times colleagues Jonathan Martin and Alexander Burns reported on Feb. 25 that Democratic operatives are debating whether the party should spend “time, money and psychic energy tailoring their message to a heavily white, rural and blue-collar part of the country” or focus instead on areas where “their coalition is increasingly made up of racial minorities and suburbanites.”The dispute, according to Martin and Burns,is not merely a tactical one — it goes to the heart of how Democrats envision themselves becoming a majority party. The question is whether that is accomplished through a focus on kitchen-table topics like health care and jobs, aimed at winning moderates and disaffected Trump voters, or by unapologetically elevating matters of race and identity, such as immigration, to mobilize young people and minorities with new fervor.Poll data suggests that Trump is driving Democratic liberals further left and conservative Republicans further right on a key test of racial attitudes.Michael Tesler, a political scientist at the University of California-Irvine and the author of the 2016 book “Post Racial or Most Racial,” writes in “Racial Attitudes and American Politics,” a chapter in a forthcoming book:Democratic and Republican voters do not simply disagree about what the government should do on racially charged issues like immigration and affirmative action, they now inhabit increasingly separate realities about race in America.The growing alignment between racial attitudes and public opinion, Tesler continues, “has polarized the electorate and helped make American politics increasingly vitriolic.”Racial attitudes have, in turn, become indelibly linked to partisan identification and “party identification influences just about everything in contemporary American society,” Tesler writes:Partisanship is not only the most important determinant of our vote choices and policy preferences, but it shapes countless other beliefs and behaviors. Party identification has even been linked to who we find attractive and who we decide to marry, how we perceive objective conditions like the unemployment rate and federal budget deficit, which neighborhoods we want to live in, and the type of TV shows and cars we like.Because of this, Tesler argues, “the racialization of party identification is by itself the racialization of American politics and society.”Ryan Enos, a Harvard political scientist notes thatThe pull of racial attitudes seems to be moving both directions — so that racial conservatives are being drawn into the GOP and racial liberals are being drawn into the Democratic Party.Political ideology, Enos continued in an email,is a broad orientation that is influenced by basic psychological traits and these traits orient a person toward a particular worldview that can be ideologically conservative or liberal and also causes one to be more or less ethnocentric.The growing linkage between ideological and ethnocentric views has, in turn, contributed to a striking development in congressional elections.Stephen M. Utych, a political scientist at Boise State University, conducted a detailed analysis — “Man Bites Blue Dog: Are Moderates Really More Electable than Ideologues?” — of winners and losers in House races from 1980 to 2012.Utych found that a core premise of both political operatives and political scientists — that “moderate candidates should be more electable in a general election than ideologically extreme candidates” — is no longer true.In fact, in 2012, ideologically extreme candidates became more electable than moderates, as the accompanying graphic shows.In 1980, at the start of the period Utych studied,moderates were quite likely to win — very extreme candidates were less than 20 percent likely to win election in 1980, while ideologically moderate candidates were nearly 80 percent likely to win.By 2008, however, Ultych observes,ideologically extreme candidates and moderates became indistinguishable in their likelihood of winning an election, with predicted probabilities of winning hovering around 50 percent for both.In an email, Utych pointed out that racial views are extremely significant in the trends he describes:The importance of racial attitudes, and how intertwined with politics they’ve become, can go a long way to explaining polarization.Tesler and many other academics use a set of polling questions to determine the intensity of what they call “racial resentment.” Whites who score high in racial resentment have consistently voted in higher percentages for Republican presidential candidates.“From 1988 to 2012 average white resentment scores were very stable, but in 2016 something quite notable happened,” Tesler explained by email. Referring to data from American National Election Studies, Tesler pointed out that White resentment was significantly lower in 2016 than had ever been recorded in the ANES. It’s not just the ANES or resentment, either. Across several surveys and attitudes, the country has grown significantly more liberal on several questions related to race, immigration, Islam and gender since Trump’s campaign.The shift to the left was not, however, across the board. It was driven by one group: Democrats and voters who lean toward the Democratic Party.“This growing tolerance is largely confined to Democrats and Democratic leaning Independents,” Tesler wrote, adding thatDemocrats have grown more tolerant as a backlash against Trumpism. It also means that while the country is growing more tolerant, they’re also more polarized over race and ethnicity.The accompanying graphic, based on data provided by Tesler, demonstrates the growing partisan division over race, in this case showing levels of agreement with the statement “racial discrimination is the main reason why many black people can’t get ahead these days.”From 2008 through 2016, very few Republicans agree, and their disagreement remains constant. Democratic agreement, in contrast, shot up, from just over a quarter to well over half.Tesler argues that racially resentful voters turned against Obama in higher percentages than in past elections when the Democratic nominee was white, but Obama made up for his losses with higher turnout and stronger margins of victory among blacks and white liberals. Tesler calls this phenomenon “two sides of racialization”:Obama performed particularly poorly among racially resentful whites, but garnered more votes from African Americans and white racial liberals than a similarly situated white Democratic candidate.Instead of costing him votes, Tesler continued, thelarge effects of racial attitudes in Obama’s election, therefore, did not so much hurt him electorally as they polarized voter preferences based on their feelings about African-Americans.In 2016, even though both presidential candidates were white, race played an even larger role than it did in the two Obama elections.That year, Tesler wrote,the American public saw a much wider gulf between Clinton and Trump’s positions on issues like immigration and federal aid to African Americans than they had perceived between prior Democratic and Republican presidential candidates.That, in turn, set the stage forattitudes about race and ethnicity to matter more in 2016 than they had in modern times. Across several different racial attitude measures in a number of different surveys, views about race and ethnicity were more strongly related to vote choice in 2016 than they were in Obama’s elections.On Feb. 19, Gallup reported that the liberal faction of the Democratic Party is growing:Increased liberal identification has been particularly pronounced among non-Hispanic white Democrats, rising 20 percentage points from an average 34 percent in the early 2000s to 54 percent in the latest period. By contrast, Gallup trends show a nine-point rise in the percent liberal among Hispanic Democrats, from 29 percent to 38 percent, and an eight-point increase among black Democrats, from 25 percent to 33 percent.Lydia Saad, a senior editor at Gallup, provided additional survey data showing a marked leftward trend among white Democrats during and after the election of President Trump. The percentage of white Democrats who describe themselves as “socially liberal” grew from 39 percent in 2001 to 2006 to 50 percent in 2007 to 2012 and to 63 percent in 2013 to 2018, according to Gallup. This 24-point increase outpaced black Democrats, who went from 33 to 41 percent, and Hispanic Democrats who went from 28 to 36 percent. (Of course, the percentage of white voters who identify as Democrats is much lower than it is for African-America or Hispanic voters.)The Gallup data showed similar leftward shifts among white Democrats on taxing the rich, abortion, gay rights and a wide range of other issues.Not only has the Trump presidency pushed Democrats in a progressive direction, Trump himself has played a crucial role in maintaining Democratic unity, according to Gallup:The Democrats’ grand unifier stands outside the party. Despite differing ideologies and opposing views on some issues, on average last year, 82 percent of conservative Democrats, 91 percent of moderate Democrats and 96 percent of liberal Democrats disapproved of the job President Donald Trump was doing as president.As they prepare for the general election, Democrats battling for the nomination (and their strategists) will struggle to understand how and where their increasingly strong commitment to racial and cultural liberalism conflicts with the views of the general electorate.This week, for example, the Pew Research Center released a study showing that 73 percent of Americans oppose racial and ethnic affirmative action policies in college admissions. Pew reported that 7 percent of those surveyed said race should be a major factor, while 19 percent said it should be a minor factor.Similarly, Democratic strategists will be evaluating the issue of reparations, which three major candidates — Kamala Harris, Elizabeth Warren and Julián Castro — have endorsed so far, in various forms.In 2015, CNN and the Kaiser Family Foundation polled Americans’ view of reparations and found that while African Americans were in favor (52-42), Hispanics (at 57-37), and whites (89-8), were firmly against.In “The Distorting Effects of Racial Animus on Proximity Voting in the 2016 Elections,” Carlos Algara and Isaac Hale, political scientists at the University of California at Davis, show how powerful race has become in mobilizing support for Republicans: “Not only did Trump’s frequent invocations of race in the 2016 campaign prime voters with high levels of racial animus to evaluate the presidential contest in racial terms,” they write, but the increased salience of race in the 2016 campaign “percolated to relatively low-information congressional contests as well.”The result, Algara and Hale show, is that voters liberal on issues other than race defect “to Republican candidates up and down the ticket when they harbor racial animus.” Racial animosity, they write, hurts both black and white Democratic candidates: “Racial animus (at least when salient) harms Democratic candidates across the board.”I began this column with a pair of quotes from my 1992 book, “Chain Reaction.” Here is another pair:As the civil rights movement became national, as it became clearly associated with the Democratic Party, and as it began to impinge on local neighborhoods and schools, it served to crack the Democratic loyalties of key white voters. Crucial numbers of voters — in the white, urban and suburban neighborhoods of the North, and across the South — were, in addition, deeply angered and distressed by aspects of the rights revolution. It had been among the white working and lower-middle classes that many of the social changes stemming from the introduction of new rights — civil rights for minorities, reproductive and workplace rights for women, constitutional protections for the criminally accused, immigration opportunities for those from developing countries, free-speech rights to pornographers, and the surfacing of highly visible homosexual communities — have been most deeply resisted.And from the book’s conclusion:At stake is the American experiment itself, endangered by a rising tide of political cynicism and alienation, and basic uncertainties as to whether or not we are capable of transmitting a sense of inclusion and shared citizenship across an immense and diverse population — whether or not we can uphold our traditional commitment to the possibilities of justice and equality expressed in our founding documents and embedded in our most valued democratic institutions.The question stands out even more starkly now than it did 27 years ago, with a president we could not then have imagined, who is willing, even eager, to play with fire.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.UNITED NATIONS — When António Guterres was selected over seven female candidates to lead the United Nations, deflating hopes for a first woman secretary general, he promised that the organization would move more forcefully to honor its ideals of gender equality.“Do not let us in the U.N. off the hook,” Mr. Guterres, a Portuguese statesman and longtime United Nations diplomat, said in pledging to change what he acknowledged was a male-dominated world, including within the far-flung reaches of a patriarchal United Nations system. “Keep our feet on the fire.”The International Center for Research on Women, a Washington-based rights and advocacy group that advises the United Nations, has been seeking to do just that. It devised recommendations for measuring what progress Mr. Guterres has made in shaping a more feminist United Nations, and translated them into letter grades.After 2017, his first year, Mr. Guterres got a C-plus. On Wednesday, the group issued the secretary general’s second-year grade. It was only marginally better: B-minus.“He has done a number of things he has said,” said Lyric Thompson, director of policy and advocacy for the center, who helped write the report. Still, she said in a telephone interview, Mr. Guterres could be a far more influential figure on gender equality as the leader of the 193-member United Nations.“What we want to see is the power of the pulpit,” she said. “He has to set the tone that is going to be the agenda for the long haul.”Ms. Thompson acknowledged the challenges Mr. Guterres faces promoting women’s rights among member states where increasingly authoritarian, male-dominated governments seem to be on the rise.“He is the male executive who is head of a system that he acknowledged is powered by patriarchy,” she said. “It is going to take transformation of the entire system.”In a 39-page report card titled “Progress Under Threat,” the women’s group commended Mr. Guterres for advancing gender parity — including among his executive staff — and for taking steps to combat sexual exploitation and harassment within and outside the United Nations. Mr. Guterres has repeatedly promised a “zero-tolerance approach to sexual harassment.”The report also commended him for avidly using social media to promote women’s equality and for speaking about women “as active agents of change, not simply victims of discrimination and violence.”But the group faulted what it described as a penchant for opacity and secrecy in the United Nations bureaucracy that has not significantly changed under Mr. Guterres.“He is lagging in transparency and freedom of information,” Ms. Thompson said.For example, she said, it was difficult to ascertain how much money and other resources the United Nations has put into promoting gender equality and women’s economic empowerment — one of the Sustainable Development Goals it has aspired to achieve by 2030.“Resourcing is often the easiest indication of the extent to which an issue is a priority,” Ms. Thompson said.The report also criticized Mr. Guterres for not taking steps to create an independent system to handle complaints of sexual harassment and other wrongdoing by United Nations staff — a criticism that other advocacy groups have also made.As with other accusations of workplace wrongdoing, the prosecution of sexual harassment complaints falls to the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services, an in-house investigations and auditing arm.The report said that Mr. Guterres had expressed support for an independent system, “but this support has not been subsequently affirmed and interviews with his staff do not indicate any plans to incorporate” such a basic change.Commenting on the report’s conclusions, Farhan Haq, a spokesman for Mr. Guterres, said in an emailed statement: “We are pleased to note that the I.C.R.W. has acknowledged an improvement in our overall handling of gender concerns, and we agree that much more needs to be done within the U.N. system in the pursuit of gender equality.“At the same time,” he continued, “we believe the secretary-general has achieved considerable progress within the complex U.N. system at achieving real reforms to make the U.N. a better workplace for women and men alike.”The statement enumerated Mr. Guterres’s achievements, including equal numbers of men and women among top officials in the Secretariat and “half of the secretary-general’s special representatives around the world.” It also reiterated his “zero-tolerance approach to sexual harassment as well as his determination to strengthen our prevention and response efforts.”The report’s release came less than a week after publication of the first survey of sexual harassment within the United Nations, commissioned by Mr. Guterres, which showed a third of respondents reported experiencing at least one incident in the past few years. Most were sexually offensive stories or jokes.Only 17 percent of the United Nations staff responded to the survey, however, possibly cloaking the true extent of harassment within the organization. In a letter to all employees, Mr. Guterres said the low response rate was a sign that “we still have a long way to go before we are able to fully and openly discuss sexual harassment.”Still, he said, the survey showed “our common resolve to eradicate sexual harassment and ensure a safe workplace.”The United Nations, like other large organizations in the era of the #MeToo Movement, has been jolted recently by some high-profile workplace sexual harassment scandals.In December, for example, a panel of experts investigating allegations of sexual abuse at the United Nations agency fighting AIDS called for the appointment of new leadership, asserting in a damning report that the agency’s executive director, Michel Sidibé, had fostered a cult of personality marked by “favoritism, preferment and ethical blindness.”In another case, Kingston Rhodes, the chairman of the International Civil Service Commission, which regulates salaries and working conditions for United Nations staff members, resigned in mid-December, two weeks before his planned retirement, after allegations he had created a hostile workplace for women.MIAMI BEACH — Mitchell Kaplan remembers Lundy’s market with the kosher butcher shop, Friedman’s Bakery and the Art Deco synagogue down the street. He remembers the Yiddish in the air. He remembers the deli-grocery where he picked up a sesame bagel with cream cheese on the way to school.Back then, everyone on South Beach — the southern tip of Miami Beach — was much older. “They were all like my grandparents,” Mr. Kaplan said the other day.It was the late 1970s, the beginning of the ’80s, and South Beach was a Jewish retirement village, a tropical shtetl, some people called it, a shtetl with palm trees. “It was so Jewish, I thought everybody in the world was Jewish,” said Mr. Kaplan, who grew up on South Beach, started the independent bookstore, Books & Books, and was a founder of the Miami Book Fair.It was a world that vaporized as developers poured money into South Beach, turned it into a flashy, artsy American Riviera. Friedman’s bakery is an Argentine fast-food place now. The synagogue is a museum.But two young photographers made a project of capturing life in the South Beach shtetl and their work has been revived in a new book of photography, “Shtetl in the Sun,” and a documentary film, “The Last Resort,” which is being shown in theaters around the country. “Shtetl in the Sun,” is filled with photos by Andy Sweet, cherubic, always smiling, every bubbe’s darling. He shot in color with a Hasselblad. His photography partner, Gary Monroe, used a Leica. He worked in black and white. In the documentary, photos, reminiscences of Mr. Kaplan and others, archival footage and video of South Beach today tell the story of the shtetl with palm trees and its passing.The photographers developed different styles — Mr. Sweet more casual, catching scenes as if by chance; Mr. Monroe, more meticulous, more concerned about structure. Their photographs exude warmth and empathy. They bring to mind Diane Arbus — without the weirdness — and Robert Frank. Mr. Sweet admired William Eggleston.  Henri Cartier-Bresson and Garry Winogrand were models for Mr. Monroe, who went on to photograph around the world, write books, curate museum exhibitions and teach photography.The camera is often looking into people’s faces: Ordinary people doing ordinary things — sitting in a folding plastic chair on an Art Deco hotel porch, walking along a sun-bleached, nearly empty boulevard.The faces are soulful, ambiguous. Sad, but not terminally sad. Happy but not endlessly happy. Sometimes it looks like resignation, or maybe weariness, or longing. A man in a powder blue sport coat looks annoyed. “Yeah, what about it?” his tight face seems to be saying.One black-and-white shot cuts across a man’s torso and forearms, one arm scarred with a concentration camp tattoo. In another photograph, three women in a party crowd seem alone and isolated, even from each other, absorbed in grave thoughts. A little distance behind them and unawares, a man in a checked sport coat and pointed paper hat beams into the camera.The life they were living had been decades in the making. They were working-class New Yorkers, people from other cold places, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston; Holocaust survivors. They had ended up with little money. Miami Beach had drifted out of favor with tourists. Frank Sinatra and his crew and Jackie Gleason were gone. The Art Deco hotels were getting ragged and renting for almost nothing.But there was plenty of sunshine, and always a nice breeze riffling the palm fronds. They played cards and mah-jongg and shuffleboard on big concrete courts and danced at parties, lots of parties.“What could be better?” says a man in an unbuttoned blue dress shirt in some vintage footage.But people missed their families up north, their children, their grandchildren. “Fun?” one deeply tanned woman says into the video camera. “Nothing. I sit on the porch. This is my fun.” A woman in a sleeveless, knit, aqua blouse says, “Some of these parents have not heard from their children in years.”The book and the film might never have been possible if not for a burst of luck after several calamities. On Oct. 16, 1982, Andy Sweet was murdered in his apartment not far from South Beach, stabbed 27 times. Three men were implicated. One went to prison. Mr. Sweet may have known them. Cocaine and sex may have been factors. “It was really never that clear,” his older sister, Ellen Sweet Moss, says in the film.Mr. Sweet’s family entrusted thousands of his South Beach negatives to an art storage company. Somehow everything was lost. Then Stan Hughes, the partner of Mr. Sweet’s sister, took a stack of comics one day to the family’s household storage locker. As he was leaving, his eyes fell on some long, flat boxes. One label read: “Work Prints 371- 440, Roll #5.”Mr. Hughes had stumbled upon work the family hadn’t known existed, hundreds of Mr. Sweet’s rough work prints, contact sheets and even some big, finished prints. Many were badly faded. Mr. Hughes, who had taught animation and Photoshop to college students in Chicago, spent the next 10 years, off and on, restoring the photos. Ms. Sweet Moss put some on Facebook and, two years ago, they became the inspiration for the book and the film.By chance, Mr. Sweet’s path in life meandered close to Mr. Kaplan’s. They were a year apart at Miami Beach Senior High School. Mr. Sweet was on the school newspaper. “I remember him always with a camera around his neck,” Mr. Kaplan said.Mr. Kaplan graduated from the University of Colorado. Mr. Sweet and Mr. Monroe went there for M.F.A. degrees. In 1982, a few months before Mr. Sweet’s murder, Mr. Kaplan opened Books & Books. Two years later, the Book Fair debuted.“Andy was such a talent,” Mr. Kaplan said. “So many things could have been.”Brett Sokol, a contributor to The New York Times and the arts editor of Ocean Drive magazine, and Francesco Casale, a photographer and graphic designer, published “Shtetl in the Sun,” at their nonprofit Letter16 Press. Dennis Scholl, one of two directors of “The Last Resort,” said he originally thought the film was going to be mostly about Andy Sweet and Gary Monroe and a little about the Jewish community on South Beach. But, he added, “the reverse turned out to be true.” The film had an initial run in New York at the turn of the year. “After the shows in New York,” said Kareem Tabsch, the film’s other director, “we asked people, ‘How many of you have relatives who spent time in South Beach in the 1970s and early ’80s?’”  “Half the audience,” he said, “raised their hands.” One clear lesson from the elections of 2016 and 2018 is that President Trump and his fellow Republican candidates win where white voters are losing ground.Take a look at the 2018 congressional results in the upper Midwest and Pennsylvania, states that provided the Electoral College votes crucial to Trump’s capture of the White House.John C. Austin, the director of the Michigan Economic Center and a senior fellow at Brookings, analyzed economic trends in 15 congressional districts that changed hands last year — 12 from Republican to Democrat, three from Democrat to Republican — in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Minnesota and Iowa.Austin found a striking pattern. In the majority of districts that went from Republican to Democrat:Residents had incomes higher than statewide medians, as well as higher educational attainment — in most places by considerable margins. Conversely, in the three districts that moved from blue to red, incomes and educational attainment lagged statewide figures.The accompanying graphic reveals the extent to which economic considerations shaped the outcome in these districts.The same general pattern emerged in state after state in the recent midterms.In September 2018, Siobhan Hughes and Dante Chinni of The Wall Street Journal took the 70 congressional races ranked as most competitive by the Cook Political Report. They then ranked the races on the basis of an “economic-health index created by the Institute of International Finance.”Of the ten districts ranked highest on economic health, eight were categorized “lean Republican” by the Cook Political Report, and two “lean Democrat.” Before the November election, nine of those 10 seats were held by Republicans.On Election Day, Democrats carried eight out of 10 of these districts.Mark Muro and Jacob Whiton, both of Brookings, worked with John Harwood of CNBC to analyze Democratic and Republican-held congressional districts in the aftermath of the 2018 election. Their conclusions reinforce the findings of Austin, Hughes and Chinni.The key result: the 20 most prosperous districts are now held by Democrats, while Republicans represent 16 of the 20 least prosperous, measured by share of G.D.P. The accompanying chart illustrates their analysis.The authors’ calculation of the contribution to the G.D.P. of every congressional district showed that Democratic districts produce $10.2 trillion of the nation’s goods and services and Republican districts $6.2 trillion.This trend creates a significant dilemma for Trump and the Republican Party. Candidates on the right do best during hard times and in recent elections, they have gained the most politically in regions experiencing the sharpest downturn. Electorally speaking, in other words, Republicans profit from economic stagnation and decline.Let’s return to John Austin of the Michigan Economic Center. In an email he describes this unusual situation succinctly: “A rising economic tide tends to sink the Trump tugboat,” adding“Certainly more people and communities that are feeling abandoned, not part of a vibrant economy means more fertile ground for the resentment politics and ‘blaming others’ for people’s woes (like immigrants and people of color) that fuel Trump’s supporters.”In June 2017, Austin demonstrated the importance of struggling white communities to the Republican Party. His study of the 2016 presidential results in the Midwest showed how strong turnout among voters in regions facing economic deterioration can help Republicans. In that earlier report, Austin wrote:The small- and medium-sized factory towns that dot the highways and byways of Michigan, Indiana, Ohio and Wisconsin have lost their anchor employers and are struggling to fill the void. Many of these communities, including once solidly Democratic-voting, union-heavy, blue collar strongholds, flipped to Trump in 2016.This pattern is not limited to the United States. There are numerous studies demonstrating that European and British voters who are falling behind in the global economy, and who were hurt by the 2008 recession and the subsequent cuts to the welfare state, drove Brexit as well as the rise of right-wing populist parties.One paper, “Measuring the Effects of Economic Austerity on Pro-Sociality: Evidence from Greece,” by Nicholas Sambanis, Anna Schultz and Elena Nikolova, political scientists at Penn, Duke and University College London, found, for example,A strong relationship between job loss and decreased generalized solidarity. We find evidence of in-group bias and the bias becomes more pronounced due to exposure to austerity policies.In a July 2018 paper, “Did Austerity Cause Brexit?” Thiemo Fetzer, an economist at the University of Warwick in Coventry, England, argues that austerity policies adopted in the wake of the 2008 financial collapse were crucial both to voter support for the right-wing populist party UKIP in Britain and to voter approval of Brexit.These political movements “are strongly and causally associated with an individual’s or an area’s exposure to austerity since 2010,” Fetzer writes. Examination of economic trends, welfare policy and polling data shows, according to Fetzer, thatthe EU referendum (Brexit) could have resulted in a Remain victory had it not been for a range of austerity-induced welfare reforms. These reforms activated existing economic grievances. Further, auxiliary results suggest that the underlying economic grievances have broader origins than what the current literature on Brexit suggests. Up until 2010, the UK’s welfare state evened out growing income differences across the skill divide through transfer payments. This pattern markedly stops from 2010 onward as austerity started to bite.There are significant parallels between voting patterns for and against Brexit and the patterns in the 2016 and 2018 elections in this country.In a separate 2017 paper, “Who Voted For Brexit,” Fetzer and two fellow economists at the University of Warwick, Sascha O. Becker and Dennis Novy, found that “in particular, fiscal cuts in the context of the recent U.K. austerity program are strongly associated with a higher Vote Leave share.” This heldall across the board: more deprivation is tightly associated with a larger Vote Leave share or, vice versa; less deprivation is tightly associated with a lower Vote Leave share.The results here and in England reinforce the conclusion that the worse things get, the better the right does.As a rule, as economic conditions improve and voters begin to feel more secure, they become more generous and more liberal. In the United States, this means that voters move to the left; in Britain, it means voters are stronger in their support for staying in the European Union.In his forthcoming book, “Democratic Capitalism at the Crossroads: Technological Change and the Future of Politics” Carles Boix, a political scientist at Princeton, describes how postwar prosperity from 1945 to the mid-1970s led to a liberal international consensus:In light of the historical experience of advanced countries, embracing the program of embedded liberalism made economic and political sense. Twentieth-century democratic capitalism had proved to be both successful and resilient: it had delivered high growth; it had allowed governments to fund generous social programs; and it had sent its main political and economic competitor — communism — to the ash heap of history.As global competition, outsourcing and later, automation, began to produce significant economic disruption, beginning in the 1970s, this liberal consensus frayed.Boix writes,The structure of electoral participation became strongly polarized across the Atlantic — very much in line with the economic transformations brought about by the decline of industry and by globalization in the last forty years.In the United States, economic adversity helped produce Trump, whose inaugural speech (reportedly the handiwork of Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller) Boix cites as emblematic of the hostility emerging with the fall of liberalism:For too long, a small group in our nation’s capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost. Washington flourished, but the people did not share in its wealth. Politicians prospered, but the jobs left. And the factories closed. The establishment protected itself but not the citizens of our country. Their victories have not been your victories. Their triumphs have not been your triumphs. And while they celebrated in our nation’s capital, there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land. That all changes starting right here and right now.Together, the trends described above raise an intriguing question: If the Republican Party now depends on the votes of those who are falling behind, does the party have a vested interest in economic stagnation and decline?I asked scholars and officials at the Niskanen Center — a Washington think tank that recently received favorable coverage for its efforts to resolve contemporary ideological division — whether they thought the Republican Party has come to recognize that prosperity helps Democrats, while economic adversity engenders hostility to immigrants, resentment of liberal elites and animosity among rural voters toward urban America. Does this awareness give politicians on the right a motive to support policies and actions that foster government dysfunction and further impair sections of the country that are in decline?Jerry Taylor, president of Niskanen, replied to my inquiry by making the case that “as conservatives see it, the more visible government dysfunction is, the better. It provides civic education.”Working from this premise, Taylor argued that as far as conservatives go,anything that dispels the illusion that government can be harnessed for positive ends is generally a good thing, and anything that reduces its power and scope is a salutary development.Taylor disputed the suggestion that “Republicans consciously or unconsciously labor to frustrate economic growth in rural white America.” Instead, he said, they are ideologically committed to the belief that economic growth isonly reliably ensured when government is minimized, taxes are nearly inconsequential, and free markets and property rights are given the greatest scope possible. Marry that with their belief that a rising economic tide will lift all boats, and you can quickly see why they’re at a loss to explain what’s going on in rural America.Will Wilkinson, the center’s vice president for research, wrote back to me:The G.O.P.’s success in struggling places has given them a false impression that voters who live there will stay faithful as long as they keep feeding them culture-war chum. Trump’s populism offered a false but compelling diagnosis of their economic problems, immigrants and insufficiently protectionist trade policy, which dovetails neatly with rural white anxieties about declining cultural status and relative political power. If you can align threats to identity with threats to material security, as Trump did, it’s pretty powerful.But, in actual practice moving from campaigning to governing, Wilkinson continued, Trump’strade war is positively hurting agriculture and manufacturing, and every Republican member of congress has voted multiple times to strip away health benefits — leaving ‘identity threat’ as the party’s last resort.What’s more, Wilkinson noted,Identity threat — ‘I don’t recognize this country anymore’ — is very abstract compared to material threat — ‘my daughter with leukemia will die if they don’t cover pre-existing conditions’ — and far less motivating. And the argument that the G.O.P. establishment itself has become a threat to economic/material welfare has started to become persuasive.This has put the Republican Party in a painful position, according to Wilkinson:It’s going to get worse for the G.O.P. as the urgency of the economic problems grows. But they just don’t understand that pushing the same button over and over isn’t going to have the same effect. And this is so in part because they don’t really want to see the seriousness of economic divergence, because they have no idea what to do about it that is remotely consistent with Zombie Reagan social policy dogma.Brink Lindsey, vice president for policy, replied to my queries from a somewhat different angle: “You don’t need conscious intent to produce dysfunction to explain Republican governance failures.”In Lindsey’s view,it starts in ideological self-delusion — that government is simply incapable of performing well, so starving it of funds is always a good idea and trying to make it work better is a waste of time. The problem starts there, as I said, but it doesn’t end there, as these attitudes can very easily merge into cynical, lazy indifference to public administration and onward to outright venality and corruption. And, of course, this ideological stance turns out to be incredibly convenient for rich donors looking for any excuse to keep their taxes down.This is not, according to Lindsey,a conspiracy, but rather a rotten equilibrium. Lack of trust in government brings charlatans to power, further reducing trust in government and widening the path to power for future charlatans.In addition to the Mueller investigation, there are two major factors that will determine the sustainability of the Republican Party’s “rotten equilibrium.”The first, of course, is Trump himself. His victory in 2016 was a charlatan’s ascent, and his presidency has served to sustain distrust in government — fuel, in one sense, for the continued success of charlatans. For the moment, though, his failure to win money for the border wall has punctured his viability as a governing force.Trump’s second, if less heralded, achievement has been to invigorate the Democratic opposition. He has inspired an immense, rambunctious, intensely motivated and exceptionally diverse pack of candidates — some prepared, some less so, to dislodge him from the White House.I invite you to follow me on Twitter, @Edsall.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Andre Williams, who carved out a place in the 1950s rhythm-and-blues scene with earthy songs distinctively delivered, then fell on hard times as a result of addiction before enjoying a late-career resurgence, died on Sunday in Chicago. He was 82.His son Derrick Williams said the cause was cancer.In a decade when mainstream white audiences were watching “Father Knows Best” on television, Mr. Williams was recording provocative songs like “Jail Bait” (1957), a sly warning to men inclined to date teenage girls. It ends with a narrator pleading with a judge for leniency and promising to abandon his lecherous ways:I ain’t gonna bother none 15,I ain’t gonna bother none 16,I ain’t gonna bother none 17,I ain’t gonna mess with none 18,I’m gonna leave them 20-year-old ones alone too,Gonna get me a girl about 42.Mr. Williams’s best-known song was probably “Shake a Tail Feather,” written with Otha Hayes and Verlie Rice, which was first recorded in 1963 by the Five Du-Tones (a version heard in the 1988 John Waters movie “Hairspray”) and also turned up in the 1980 film “The Blues Brothers” performed by Ray Charles.“He sang of the joys of poultry, pork, prepubescent flesh and being ‘The Only Black Man in South Dakota,’ ” the writer and radio personality James Marshall said by email, referencing another Williams song, “yet he never sounded trite, clichéd or banal.”Mr. Williams didn’t sing so much as speak his lyrics, in a casual sort of growl, and as a result he is sometimes called a harbinger of rap. Though he was never a household name or a million-selling artist, his style influenced garage bands and punk rockers, as well as performers like Ike and Tina Turner, who also recorded “Shake a Tail Feather.”By the 1970s, however, drugs and alcohol had begun to derail his career. He was homeless for a time, panhandling.“Between 7 and 9 was when the money came in,” he explained in Tricia Todd’s 2008 documentary, “Agile, Mobile, Hostile: A Year With Andre Williams,” revisiting the spot on the Randolph Street Bridge in Chicago where he used to ask for handouts. “All of the rich folks got off of that train, and they had to come down this bridge to go to all of them places where they steal folks’ money.”Punk rockers and others rediscovered Mr. Williams in the 1990s, and he began recording again. Miriam Linna, who runs the independent label Norton Records, recalled in a telephone interview how George Paulus of St. George Records helped revive Mr. Williams’s career.“One day he calls us up and says, ‘I found Andre Williams,’ ” she said. The rediscovery led to the 1996 album “Greasy,” with Norton issuing the vinyl and Mr. Paulus’s label issuing the CD.“It was a great montage of the old and the new,” Ms. Linna said of that record, on which Mr. Williams was backed by the doo-wop group El Dorados. A new version of “Jail Bait” led off the record.Mr. Williams followed that in 1998 with “Silky,” an album that showed him to be, if anything, more raunchy than ever. The Dallas Observer called the record “an affirmation that none of those wild young garage rockers who admire him so much can get as down and dirty as he can.”Some of the record’s song titles are unprintable here. To those who might have a problem with that, or with lyrics like “I want to be your favorite girdle so I can cling to your curvy hips” (from the track “I Wanna Be Your Favorite Pair of Pajamas”), he had an unapologetic response.“Get off my back about the language,” he said in an interview with The Observer. “I’m trying to tell a story. Dig the theme. We can’t all go on the expressway. Sometimes some of us got to take the low road.”Zephire Andre Williams was born on Nov. 1, 1936, in Bessemer, Ala., to Tom and Fannie Williams. The family went north to Chicago when he was a child, but when his mother died in 1943 he returned to the South to live with relatives.As a teenager Andre returned to his father in Chicago and used fake identification to enlist in the Navy, which discharged him when it discovered he was underage. He began singing with various groups and eventually signed with Fortune Records in Detroit.“Back in the days of the rhythm-and-blues groups, the high voice was the big thing,” Mr. Williams explained years later. “I sang baritone, so I knew I couldn’t compete with Nolan Strong or Clyde McPhatter” — prominent tenors of the day — “so I came up with my own thing, the spoken thing.”His first big success was “Bacon Fat,” which cracked the Top 10 of the Billboard R&B chart in 1957. There was also “Pass the Biscuits Please,” a droll song that consisted of not much more than Mr. Williams imploring someone, anyone, to pass him the biscuits.In the 1960s Mr. Williams spent several years writing and producing for the Motown label, working with the Temptations, the Contours and other acts.Ms. Linna said that in 2007 Mr. Williams, in rehab and not for the first time, called her in distress about how to escape his addiction demons. She suggested he try writing a book. In 2009 she published his “Sweets and Other Stories,” a fictional work written from the perspective of a young woman.“He wrote himself straight,” Ms. Linna said. “I didn’t think he was going to deliver. But he did.”Mr. Williams’s wife, Yvonne (Jarman) Williams, died in 2004. In addition to his son Derrick, he is survived by two other sons, Renaldo and Andre; two daughters, Andrea Harling and Rashandra Owens; 12 grandchildren; and a great-grandchild.Mr. Williams was as energetic onstage in his 70s as he had been in his youth, and he was quick to offer up tales from his fast-lane life.“Nobody who spent any time with Andre Williams came away from it without at least a story,” Mr. Marshall said. “Many came away with an arrest record. A few ended up dead.“But mention his name to anyone and the first thing you’ll get is a smile. Possibly followed by a curse, but they always smile first.”WASHINGTON — President Trump said on Tuesday that he would consider delaying a March 2 deadline to reach a trade deal with China, saying the United States might not impose higher tariffs on Chinese goods if talks with Beijing were going well.“If we’re close to a deal where we think we can make a real deal, I could see myself letting them slide for a little while,” Mr. Trump said during remarks at the Oval Office.Mr. Trump’s comments came as American officials were in Beijing for a week of talks with Chinese officials to try to resolve a trade war that has begun to inflict economic damage on both sides of the Pacific. The two countries are trying to work out significant differences ahead of the March 2 deadline, when, the United States has said, it will increase tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods to 25 percent from 10 percent.[One potentially big obstacle in the way of reaching a deal is how the United States punishes China if it doesn’t meet its obligations.] Both Mr. Trump and his top trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer, have previously said that the deadline is a firm date and that the United States will not extend the timeline, which Mr. Trump and President Xi Jinping of China agreed upon during a dinner in Buenos Aires last year.But with many of the biggest issues unresolved and the deadline drawing near, Mr. Trump appeared ready to give both sides more time to negotiate. And he again suggested that he and Mr. Xi may ultimately needed to iron out the remaining differences before a final deal was reached.“At some point, I expect to meet with Xi and make the parts of the deal that the group is unable to make,” Mr. Trump said.The president had originally suggested that such a meeting could take place ahead of the deadline but reversed course last week, saying he would not meet with Mr. Xi before March 2.A delegation of top American trade officials, including Mr. Lighthizer and Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, arrived in Beijing this week to try to negotiate the outlines of a deal.Mr. Trump characterized those discussions as “going well” and said he thought the United States had a chance “to make a real deal.”He added that he wanted it “to be a real deal, not just a deal that looks cosmetically good for a year.”But steep challenges remain to striking an agreement that addresses the administration’s primary concerns, including China’s practice of forcing American companies to hand over valuable technology and restricting access to its market. Mr. Lighthizer, who briefed senators last week, told lawmakers that one of the biggest issues was ensuring that China followed through with whatever commitments it made. Senators told Mr. Lighthizer that they wanted the text of any agreement or memo of understanding with China to be made public.For now, China primarily appears willing to buy more American goods, like soybeans, but has not indicated how many other concessions it is prepared to make. And while both countries have expressed optimism about bridging their differences, Mr. Xi is facing pressure in China not to agree to a deal that would jeopardize his country’s economic or national security. China’s economy is growing at its slowest pace in years, in part because of the American tariffs.Mr. Trump on Tuesday again portrayed China’s economic weakness as the United States’ strength, saying it was in China’s interest to make a deal. The United States, he said, could benefit by retaining tariffs on $250 billion worth of Chinese goods, and he again inaccurately suggested that China was paying the levies.“I’m happy either way,” he said. “I could live receiving billions and billions of dollars a month from China. China never gave us 10 cents. Now they are paying billions a month for the privilege of coming into the U.S. and honestly taking advantage.”While the United States is collecting billions in tariffs, that money is not coming directly from China but from companies and customers who buy imported goods.SKELETON KEYS The Secret Life of Bone By Brian SwitekUs cruel humans. We produce babies whose kneecaps aren’t bone yet but expect them to crawl. Their cartilage kneecaps take at least three years to harden; other bones begin 11 weeks before birth, when softer tissue ossifies. The process continues into adolescence. When your teenager oversleeps, give him a break: He’s still making bones.ImageThere is much that startles in “Skeleton Keys,” Brian Switek’s cultural history of bone, not least that bone is startling at all. We mostly see it when it’s dead: a skeleton, a skull. We think of bones as white, brittle and inert, not rich and dynamic. Yet bone is mobile in more ways than one. It makes possible all kinds of locomotion, to “stomp, fly, swim, slither, dig, run.” Inside the body, new bone cells are constantly forming while osteoclast cells slough off others, a process known as resorbing but that Switek more memorably embeds in my imagination as “something like what happened to the deck of Nostromo in ‘Alien’ when the face hugger’s acid blood melted through the floor.”Switek, a science journalist who has written about dinosaurs, wants to use his book to unlock the past, present and future of our inner scaffolding, our 206 bones — a figure repeated too often — that make our extraordinary skeleton. The dinosaurs are here only to cast their big crowd-pleasing shadow over the rightful stars: the fossils and fish that offer clues to how we became who we are, an upright bipedal mobile mammal with swiveling elbows. The next time I hear music, I’ll thank the “twitchy fish” that began to form jaws and then ears. Peter Benchley, who gave us fiction’s most memorable man-eating shark, probably should too. Without them, as Switek points out, his novel might have been called “Pharyngeal Slit” or simply “Hole.”ImageCreditFrank Franklin II/Associated PressSwitek is an affable guide, and affability is required when the depth and breadth of his subject is so vast, when many characters are fossils or skeletons and most field trips are to yet another museum. His tone can veer from chatty — he writes of collagen that “splorts” — to overly academic, and there is enough repetition that one could wish for a sharper editorial scalpel. At one point Switek hesitates to call a female skeleton from a tar pit “La Brea Woman” because of current theories on sex and gender, eschewing “biological sex” as presumptuous and sticking to “osteological sex” instead. I’m none the wiser at the end of this sticky muddle. (And later in the book, Switek happily uses “biological sex” again.)We are on surer ground with his skeletal actors, displayed to us, and displaying in turn episodes of illness, deformity, history and ethics. Read of poor Harry Eastlack, whose body turned soft tissue to bone, or of the deformed skulls of the children of Toulouse, and I defy you not to wince. He revisits the gripping detective story surrounding bones under a parking lot that turned out to belong to King Richard III. Its lead actors are the DNA and chemical isotopes in the bones, the slashes and slices that showed his awful prolonged death in battle. There are thoughtful explorations on the right way to treat the dead, when they have often been treated so wrongly. One shameful episode was the accidental digging up of human remains in Iowa in 1971 by construction workers: While 26 European settlers who were unearthed were sensitively sent for reburial, the bones of a Native American mother and child were handed over to the state archaeologist.I sit here now crossing my extraordinary kneecaps and thinking of my dissolving bones. I wish my favorite fact about bone had not been missing — that the marrow inside these things, judged inert and ignored, makes blood, the most vivid biological substance — but there is plenty to compensate. My skeleton may be invisible, and I’d like it to stay that way. But now, when it comes to these “endless forms most beautiful and wonderful,” to borrow Darwin’s words, I can see them better thanks to Switek’s keys.CHICAGO — Barely a week after he was bailed out of jail while facing sex abuse charges, R. Kelly was taken back into custody on Wednesday for failing to pay his ex-wife more than $160,000 in child support.Mr. Kelly’s return to jail came just hours after the airing of his first interview since he was charged with 10 counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse in connection with four women, three of whom prosecutors say were underage at the time. He was released last week on a $100,000 bond paid by a friend after several days of apparently struggling to come up with the money.In the interview, with Gayle King of “CBS This Morning,” he was emotional and unyielding. He denied having had sex with underage girls and portrayed himself as a victim of a social media-fueled smear campaign.[Two women living with R. Kelly denied being brainwashed.]Mr. Kelly, 52, whose real name is Robert Kelly, screamed, cursed and pleaded to the camera.“Hate me if you want to, love me if you want,” he said. “But just use your common sense. How stupid would it be for me, with my crazy past and what I’ve been through — oh, right now I just think I need to be a monster, hold girls against their will, chain them up in my basement, and don’t let them eat, don’t let them out!”He continued, directly into the camera, and grew tearful: “I didn’t do this stuff! This is not me!”“I’m fighting for my life!” he said, using an expletive. He jumped out of his seat and became so upset that Ms. King paused the interview so he could regain his composure.On Wednesday, he was back in court, having been ordered last month to pay his ex-wife Andrea Kelly $161,663 in child support, according to The Chicago Sun-Times, about $30,000 less than the total he owes her. They had three children together.“Surviving R. Kelly,” a Lifetime documentary that aired in January, said that since the couple divorced in 2009, Mr. Kelly had stopped paying child support on “several occasions.”[Read more on the “Surviving R. Kelly” documentary that detailed the sex abuse accusations.]“I’m in foreclosure court on my house,” Ms. Kelly said in the documentary. “Why? Robert stopped paying child support as a way to punish me.”Darryll Johnson, a spokesman for Mr. Kelly, said the singer arrived in court on Wednesday in “good spirits,” hoping to work out a deal in which he would pay his former wife as much as $60,000. But the court decided that he would have to pay the full ordered amount before he could be released.“He can’t pay,” Mr. Johnson said. “He hasn’t worked in a long time. He just didn’t have the money.”While Kelly “has some money,” he added, “at the end of the day, he has to live.”Ms. Kelly’s lawyer said she could not discuss the case, which is under seal.“Surviving R. Kelly” had brought new attention to longstanding accusations that Mr. Kelly had mistreated women, reviving prosecutors’ interest in his behavior and leading to his arrest last month.In his CBS interview, Mr. Kelly dismissed the accounts in the documentary.“Nobody said nothing good,” he said. “They was describing Lucifer. I’m not Lucifer. I’m a man. I make mistakes, but I’m not a devil. And by no means am I a monster.”Ms. King repeatedly pressed Mr. Kelly about the many allegations against him. He gave no ground, and often fired back at his accusers.ImageR. Kelly’s booking photo after he was jailed for failure to pay child support.CreditCook County Sheriff’s OfficeWhen she asked him if he had broken any laws, he responded, “Absolutely not.”“You can start a rumor on a guy like me or a celebrity just like that,” he said. “All you have to do is push a button on your phone and say: ‘So and so did this to me. R. Kelly did this to me.’”One of the women he is charged with sexually abusing when she was a minor, Jerhonda Pace, said on Instagram and Twitter that what she saw in the interview “was a man that needs help.”“For decades he’s been around enablers who never told him the truth” about his conduct, she wrote. “Him believing he’s doing no wrong is no different than an adult telling a child Santa is real.”According to prosecutors, another of the underage girls was the same one who appeared in a sex tape with Mr. Kelly that resulted in a 2008 trial on child pornography charges. The girl did not testify then, and Mr. Kelly was found not guilty after his lawyers successfully argued that his identity could not be proved.In an excerpt from the CBS interview released on Tuesday, Mr. Kelly referred to his acquittal, telling Ms. King: “You can’t double jeopardy me like that. You can’t. It’s not fair.”The new charges involving that girl are based on a newly obtained videotape, about two decades old, that came from someone who had once been in contact with Mr. Kelly. That person recently gave the tape to Michael Avenatti, the celebrity lawyer, who turned it over to prosecutors.[Prosecutors say a hairdresser, autograph seeker and birthday girl were all victims of R. Kelly.]In the tape, the girl refers several times to having 14-year-old body parts and, according to Mr. Avenatti, the acts depicted in the video were different from those at the center of the 2008 case, eliminating any issue of double jeopardy.Ms. King also mentioned that Lady Gaga had recently apologized for collaborating with Mr. Kelly on a song several years ago. He responded: “She’s a very great talent and it’s unfortunate that her intelligence go to such a short level when it comes to that.”Some of the interview covered allegations separate from Mr. Kelly’s criminal case: that he has held women in a kind of sexual and emotional captivity, dictating their every move, including when they can go to the bathroom. The parents of two women now living with Mr. Kelly, Azriel Clary, 21, and Joycelyn Savage, 23, have accused him of brainwashing their daughters.[Meet the woman trying to convict R. Kelly and send him to prison.]“I love them,” Mr. Kelly told Ms. King. “It’s like they’re like my girlfriends. We have a relationship. It’s real and I know guys like — I’ve known guys all my life that have five or six women, O.K. So don’t go there on me.”As for their ages, Mr. Kelly said: “I don’t look at much younger than me. I just look at legal,” and that he was an “older man that loves all women,” regardless of age.He also said the women’s parents had encouraged them to get close to him to jump-start their music careers. “What kind of father, what kind of mother would sell their daughter to a man?” he said, adding that Ms. Clary’s parents had wanted her to have sex with him.Ms. King also conducted a joint interview of Ms. Clary and Ms. Savage; an excerpt was aired on Wednesday with more to come on Thursday. On Friday night CBS will broadcast a one-hour program with additional segments from the interviews with Mr. Kelly and the women.In the excerpt aired on Wednesday, Ms. Clary is visibly emotional.“I’m crying because you guys don’t know the truth,” Ms. Clary said. “You guys believe in some facade that our parents are saying; this is all lies for money. If you can’t see that, you’re ignorant, and you’re stupid,” adding several expletives.Ms. Clary’s parents responded on Twitter via Mr. Avenatti.After Ms. Savage’s parents held a news conference in Atlanta later in the morning, their daughter called them. According to a television reporter who was there, the parents said it was the first time they had spoken with her in two years.A few hours later, Mr. Kelly was led away to jail once again.Nancy B. Reich, whose seminal 1985 biography of Clara Schumann established her as an important musical figure independent of her husband, the composer Robert Schumann, and helped turn the musicological spotlight on female composers, died on Jan. 31 in Ossining, N.Y. She was 94.Her death was confirmed by her daughter, Susanna Reich.Throughout her career, Dr. Reich fought to redress belittling portraits of Clara Schumann by earlier authors and to have her recognized as a significant composer, pianist and educator, as well as a central figure of German Romanticism.The decades that followed the publication of her book, “Clara Schumann: The Artist and the Woman,” vindicated her efforts with an explosion of both public and scholarly interest. Doctoral dissertations, anthologies and histories of music by women proliferated. Scholarly editions of Clara Schumann’s music for piano appeared, fueling an increase in performances.Dr. Reich’s death coincided with the beginning of a yearlong festival in Leipzig, Germany, for the bicentennial of Clara Schumann’s birth there. She died in 1896 and left behind compositions including songs, works for solo piano, chamber music and a piano concerto.But when Dr. Reich first turned her attention to the subject in the 1970s, Clara Schumann was noted primarily for her relationships with men. These included her father, the stern pedagogue Friedrich Wieck, who groomed her for pianistic stardom from an early age; her husband, with whom she had eight children before his death in a mental institution in 1856; and Brahms, with whom she came to be bound by a love that was deep but probably platonic.ImageWhen Dr. Reich first turned her attention to the subject in the 1970s, Clara Schumann was noted primarily for her relationships with men. Her book established her as an important musical figure in her own right.In her book, Dr. Reich relegated the Brahms strand of the story to a single chapter. “It was a most significant chapter, to be sure,” she wrote in her introduction, “but it was not the consuming central relationship that so many people have suspected.”Her take was a far cry from the “example of noble, pure and true womanhood” that the first biography, completed in 1908, made her out to be. A typical assessment of her status was found in John N. Burk’s “Clara Schumann: A Romantic Biography” (1940), which prized Robert’s work over Clara’s career as a touring virtuoso, even though she made much more money through her concertizing than he did with his compositions. For Mr. Burk, Robert was “an artist for eternity” while Clara was “a concert-giver for the moment.”The musicologist Judith Tick said in a telephone interview that Clara Schumann “was seen primarily as a muse,” adding: “Her life was assumed to pivot between two poles, Robert Schumann and Johannes Brahms. And Nancy’s book destroyed that, while tempering the sensationalist assumptions about Clara Schumann and Brahms.”Nancy Bassen was born on July 3, 1924, in the Bronx to Hyman Bassen, a writer and labor activist, and Ida (Orland) Bassen. After Hyman’s death in 1931 the family moved to Ithaca, N.Y., where Nancy’s brother, Jonas, was a student at Cornell University.Ida ran a boardinghouse for Jewish and black students who were not welcome in college dorms.After the family moved back to New York City, Nancy attended the High School of Music and Art, where she played violin and viola. She obtained a bachelor’s degree in music at Queens College in 1945, the same year she married Haskell Aaron Reich, who later became a physicist.Dr. Reich’s husband died in 1983. Her longtime companion, the biochemist Maurice M. Rapport, died in 2011. In addition to her daughter, a children’s book author, her survivors include a son, Matthew, and three grandchildren.In a telephone interview, Susanna Reich said her mother’s ambitions for an academic career had been cut short after she completed a master’s at Columbia University’s Teachers College in 1947. When she applied for a doctoral program at Columbia, her daughter said, “the interviewer asked her if she was married, and when she said yes, the interviewer told her to go home and take care of her husband.”Finally, in 1972, when Dr. Reich was 47, she obtained her Ph.D. from New York University. Buoyed by the women’s movement and intrigued by a stash of letters she came across, she dove into the life of Clara Schumann. Her research often took her behind the Iron Curtain, since many collections of documents were kept in what was then East Germany.“She had to register at every police station in every town she went to,” Ms. Tick, the musicologist, said.The sources themselves called for psychological detective work. While Clara Schumann left copious letters and diaries, many of those from her childhood were supervised, or even written, by her father. As a married couple, Robert and Clara kept a joint diary. In her work Dr. Reich collaborated with a psychoanalyst, Anna Burton, in reconstructing the picture of a musician who was as conscious of her exceptional status as she was conflicted about it.“It’s a very modern story,” Dr. Reich said in an interview with The New York Times in 1996. “Here was a girl growing up with a working mother who was taken care of by a maid, a child of divorced parents. She was left a widow at 36, but she was very independent and refused all loans. When Robert was sick, she went back to the concert stage to pay for his medical bills. She was a working woman. She worked with her hands.”Dr. Reich taught at New York University and Queens and Manhattanville Colleges and was a visiting professor at Bard and Williams. She never won tenure, even though her book, revised in 2001 and translated into German, Japanese, Hebrew and other languages, was well received.Liane Curtis, a musicologist studying the English composer Rebecca Clarke and the president of the Women’s Philharmonic Advocacy, said in a phone interview that it was Dr. Reich who gave her the idea that “having a woman as a subject was worth devoting a big portion of your life to.”A year ago, in the wake of President Trump’s tax cut, euphoric investors pushed the Dow Jones industrial average past 25,000, a record. The Dow had just gained 25 percent in 2017, and the Nasdaq had leapt 28 percent. Volatility was so low that there wasn’t a single day in 2017 when the S&P 500 fluctuated more than 2 percent.Not everyone was celebrating.“If there are any certainties, one will be that this party will eventually come to an end,” James Stack, president of InvesTech Research, told me a year ago. “And when it ends, it will end badly, and with high volatility.”Mr. Stack turned out to be right. He lowered his recommended asset allocation for United States stocks from 82 percent last January to 72 percent in September, when stocks hit new all-time highs. He urged investors to raise cash in October, and at the end of November he recommended an even more defensive posture — including putting money in a fund whose value would rise when stock prices dropped. That brought his recommended net exposure to stocks to just 55 percent, the lowest since the depths of the last bear market in early 2009.Stocks plunged in December, posting their worst monthly loss since the financial crisis and the worst December since 1931 and the Great Depression.Yet most economic indicators are benign. Unemployment is an exceptionally low 3.7 percent. Wages are rising. Inflation remains below the Federal Reserve’s 2 percent target. The Fed raised rates a quarter point in December, citing “a very healthy economy.”Given Mr. Stack’s track record last year, I reached out to him this week for his current views. Even though valuations have come down and macroeconomic indicators “have remained remarkably strong,” he said, he’s still defensive and hasn’t changed his bearish allocation. He believes that the worst isn’t over and that the Dow and S&P 500 will soon be down 20 percent from their peaks, retreating into a bear market. (The Nasdaq Composite and the Wilshire 2000 index of small-cap stocks are already there.)And that was before a revenue warning from Apple sent markets into another steep fall on Thursday.“A lesson from history is that the market leads the economy by a lot longer than investors realize,” Mr. Stack said. If the economy is headed toward recession, as the latest stock market declines suggest it may be, “we won’t see the first economic warning signs until the first three to five months” of 2019. Among the leading indicators he’s watching for signs of weakness are consumer confidence, housing starts and unemployment claims.On Thursday, the Institute for Supply Management manufacturing index, a leading indicator of industrial activity, fell sharply. That suggests that “serious cracks” are starting to appear in the economy, Mr. Stack said.Mr. Stack is right that bear markets typically precede recessions by many months: CNBC calculated in 2016 that bear markets since World War II had begun on average about eight months before a recession. That means that if a bear market did begin after major indexes peaked last fall, a recession might not start until June or even later. Even then, recessions are often over before economic data confirms their existence.That’s when bear markets are, in fact, followed by recessions, which often isn’t the case. As the economist Paul Samuelson famously said, “The stock market has forecast nine of the last five recessions.”Since World War II, there have been 13 bear markets. They were followed within a year by a recession just seven times. As a predictor of recessions with just 54 percent accuracy, bear markets are little better than flipping a coin.Indeed, Mr. Stack’s data show that two or more down years in a row are quite rare: There have been only four instances since 1928, suggesting that stocks may well be in positive territory by the end of 2019, even if a bear market does materialize in the meantime.Which is one reason the Wharton economist Jeremy Siegel told me that he’s bullish on the stock market this year. He predicts it could rise between 5 percent and 15 percent, even if there is an economic slowdown.Stocks are much cheaper now than they were before the December sell-off. The ratio between stock prices and projected earnings for companies in the S&P 500 is about 17, down from over 19 a year ago and the lowest in the past five years.[Stocks rose Friday after the release of a strong December jobs report and comments by the chairman of the Federal Reserve that the central bank would be flexible on raising interest rates this year.]Mr. Stack, however, argued that in the event of an economic downturn — or even a significant slowdown — “those projected earnings will go out the window.”“I would not call today’s market undervalued,” he added.Mr. Siegel bases his forecast of a market rally on the belief that the Fed will stop raising short-term interest rates. “I think the Fed got the message from the markets that it should not have hiked in December,” he said.Mr. Stack, too, said he was surprised the Fed raised rates in December. “I think the Fed will stand down and put future rate increases on hold,” he said, “which could stabilize the market, at least for the time being.”But Mr. Stack’s technical indicators are still pointing toward a bear market. He’s also worried about the shaky housing market, with price drops and slowing sales showing up in major cities.“We’re not trying to time the market, but we’re very comfortable with our defensive allocation,” he said. Although he predicted higher volatility a year ago, he was nonetheless surprised by the extremes reached in December, without even “a single hard warning sign of recession on the horizon.”“Can you imagine,” he asked, “how volatile it will be when we do have those warnings?”• Our critics and writers weigh in on the best and worst moments of the 61st annual Grammy awards.• At a ceremony dominated by female performers and presenters, Kacey Musgraves won album of the year for “Golden Hour,” as well as three other awards. Cardi B became the first woman to win best rap album as a solo artist for “Invasion of Privacy.”• See the full list of winners and the red carpet looks.• Childish Gambino’s “This Is America” won four awards and Lady Gaga’s “Shallow,” from the movie “A Star Is Born,” won two.• This year’s ceremony was perhaps as notable for who didn’t show up — Kendrick Lamar, Childish Gambino, Ariana Grande — as who did.LOS ANGELES — Women took center stage at the 61st annual Grammy Awards on Sunday night, with bold performances and wins in many top categories, a year after the awards came under withering criticism for its track record in gender representation.The controversies of last year, when just one woman won a solo award during the telecast — and the outgoing head of the Recording Academy, the organization behind the awards, remarked that women in music should “step up” to advance their careers — were never far from the surface of the show.Dua Lipa, a 23-year-old British singer who has established herself as a hitmaker, alluded to that when accepting the award for best new artist, saying she was honored to be recognized among so many other female artists.“I guess this year we really stepped up,” Lipa said. Backstage, she told reporters that the message of greater gender equity was immediately clear to her when the nominations were announced in December.[Read about Michelle Obama joining Alicia Keys onstage.]The award for album of the year went to Kacey Musgraves for “Golden Hour,” a collection that stretched the boundaries of country and drew deep respect from critics. She also took home three other prizes in the country field.“Women have a really necessary perspective — to life, to music,” Musgraves told reporters backstage. “It’s really nice to see that getting a chance to be included.”Many of the awards won by men highlighted the Grammys’ fraught history with hip-hop. Both the record and song of the year prizes — the latter awarded for songwriting — were won by Childish Gambino’s “This Is America,” a thumping, confrontational song about racial injustice.It was the first hip-hop song to win either award. But Donald Glover, the actor and musician who performs as Childish Gambino, was absent. He, along with Kendrick Lamar and Drake, the two most powerful and influential young rappers in music, were offered performance spots on the show but turned them down, reflecting the alienation from the Grammys that has taken hold among much of the upper ranks of hip-hop.Drake was there to accept the award for best rap song, for “God’s Plan” from his blockbuster album “Scorpion.” Before his speech was cut off, he alluded to the gulf between the Grammy establishment and hip-hop culture.“This is a business where sometimes it’s up to a bunch of people that might not understand what a mixed-race kid from Canada has to say or a fly Spanish girl from New York, or a brother from Houston,” he said.“But the point is, you’ve already won if you have people who are singing your songs word for word, you don’t need this right here,” he added, holding up the Grammy.Brandi Carlile, an earnest female singer-songwriter in an Americana style, was the dark horse of the show, getting six nominations — more than any other woman — including in the top categories of album, record and song of the year.She gave a powerful, arena-filling performance of her song “The Joke,” and ended up winning three awards, though none in the top categories. She took best American roots performance and song for “The Joke,” and Americana album for “By the Way, I Forgive You.” They were the first Grammys of her career.Lamar and Drake, the two most-nominated artists — with eight and seven nods, respectively — each won only one. Lamar’s “King’s Dead,” from the “Black Panther” soundtrack, tied for best rap performance with Anderson .Paak’s “Bubblin.”Childish Gambino’s “This Is America” won a total of four awards, including rap/sung performance and best music video.Appearance by Michelle Obama draws thunderous applauseThe ceremony began with the 21-year-old singer Camila Cabello performing her song “Havana” on a neon-colored city street scene, joined by a white-suited Ricky Martin, J Balvin and Young Thug.But the first moment of major star power came a few minutes later, when Alicia Keys, the host, introduced “my sisters”: Lady Gaga, Jada Pinkett Smith, Michelle Obama and Jennifer Lopez. Each spoke about the inspiring power of music throughout their lives.Obama, drawing a thunderous welcome from the crowd at the Staples Center, was nearly drowned out as she delivered her lines.“From the Motown records I wore out on the South Side,” she said, “to the ‘who run the world’ songs that fueled me through this last decade, music has always helped me tell my story.”One superstar woman after another performed solo routines, as if they were fleshing out different views of diva-hood.Janelle Monáe performed “Make Me Feel” with bits of inspiration from Prince and Michael Jackson, but focused on female sexuality, surrounded by female dancers in tight rubber outfits.[Messages of inspiration and hope prevailed during the show.]With Cooper absent, Lady Gaga took both parts of “Shallow” herself. Dressed in a black sequined suit and high platform heels, she thrashed on the stage like a 1970s arena rocker, as pyrotechnics announced the song’s climax.Jennifer Lopez led a Motown tribute performed as a Vegas-style revue. She was joined by Smokey Robinson and Ne-Yo, with a medley of about 10 songs jammed into six minutes and featuring gymnastic, bottom-shaking, somersaulting dancing.Cardi B wins her first GrammyCardi B won the first Grammy of her career, best rap album for “Invasion of Privacy.” Holding the hand of her husband, the rapper Offset, she joked about struggling for composure — “Maybe I should start smoking weed!” — before talking about the long nights she worked to finish her album and shoot videos while pregnant. She is the first female solo artist to win in the category.Earlier, she performed “Money” dressed in purple and black like a supervillain, while dancers around her moved and spread their legs in synchronous motion like a bawdy Busby Berkeley sequence. In the audience, Offset stuck out his tongue suggestively.[Never miss a pop music story: Sign up for our weekly newsletter, Louder.]H.E.R., the stage name for the 21-year-old singer and songwriter Gabriella Wilson, led a slow-build version of her ballad “Hard Place.” She won two awards, for R&B performance (in the song “Best Part”) and best R&B album, for her self-titled release “H.E.R.” But when accepting R&B album, she seemed almost baffled that it was eligible.“It’s not even an album,” she said. “It’s an E.P.”Lady Gaga won the first award of the telecast, best pop duo/group performance, for “Shallow,” her duet with Bradley Cooper from their movie “A Star Is Born.” Tearful, she said she wished Cooper were with her — he was in London for the Baftas, the British film awards — and addressed a theme in the film, in which Cooper plays a singer struggling with addiction.“I’m so proud to be part of a movie that addresses mental health issues,” she said. “A lot of artists deal with that and we’ve got to take care of each other.”Tributes to Dolly Parton and Diana RossDiana Ross, appearing in a wide, lacy red gown, celebrated her 75th birthday with two hits from her solo career, “The Best Years of My Life” and “Reach Out and Touch (Somebody’s Hand).” Winding up her performance, she ordered those in the crowd to wave their hands, saying: “Together we have no limits. You can learn, dream, unlock new doors. All is possible.”She ended with, “Happy birthday to me!”Dolly Parton had the most cross-generational appeal, singing a five-song medley with Katy Perry, Kacey Musgraves, Miley Cyrus and Maren Morris that had Smokey Robinson and the K-pop group BTS all dancing and singing along in the crowd. It ended with a nostalgic singalong on “9 to 5” that seemed to pull in the whole arena.Shortly thereafter, Musgraves won her third Grammy of the night — best country album for “Golden Hour” — and gushingly doled out thanks to her manager, the Grammys and her fans.“I never dreamed that this record would be met with such love, such warmth, such positivity,” Musgraves said.[Here’s the full list of Grammys winners.]Early wins for Carlile and Lady GagaAll but nine of the Grammys’ 84 awards were given out in a nontelevised ceremony that was attended by few of the night’s big stars. Carlile led the preshow portion with her three wins in the American roots category.“Americana music is the island of the misfit toys; I am such a misfit,” Carlile said, accepting the second award. “It is the music that has shaped my life and made me who I am, and even given me my family.”Lady Gaga and Musgraves each had two early wins. Lady Gaga’s “Joanne (Where Do You Think You’re Goin’?),” a piano version of a song first released more than two years ago, took best pop solo performance, and “Shallow” took best song written for visual media. Musgraves won best country solo performance for “Butterflies” and her “Space Cowboy” took best country song.The score for “Black Panther” also won an award for its composer, Ludwig Göransson.[Here’s a look at the Grammys red carpet.]The preshow awards may be invisible to most of the general public, but they can set important benchmarks in the industry, and have the power to reshape careers among artists in genres far beyond pop radio.One barrier was broken with the award for best engineered album, nonclassical, which went to Beck’s “Colors.” Among its winners was Emily Lazar, a studio veteran who became the first woman to win as mastering engineer in that category.“I am so grateful to be one of the people,” she said, “that young women see and they can say: ‘I can see it. I can be it. That’s a cool career, I want to go do that.’”Claudia Brant, a seasoned songwriter for Latin artists who won best Latin pop album for “Sincera,” noted that for all the Grammys’ power, it is the daily studio work that matters the most.“Of course it’s going to change my career, because it’s the biggest recognition I’ve ever gotten,” Brant said. “But tomorrow I’ll have a session in the studio with another artist that’s looking for good songs.”The Grammys missed a chance for another milestone in the producer of the year category. The award went to Pharrell Williams. Had it gone to Linda Perry, she would have been the first woman to take home that award.[Here’s the full list of Grammys winners.]The celebrity lawyer Michael Avenatti said on Thursday that he had given the authorities a videotape that, according to a report, appears to show the musician R. Kelly having sex with a girl who may have been underage.Once a dominant R&B singer and hitmaker, Kelly, 52, has been trailed by allegations of sexual misconduct and abuse for years, but he has never been convicted of a crime. In 2008, he was acquitted of child pornography charges pertaining to a videotape that, prosecutors alleged, showed Kelly having sex with an underage girl.Avenatti said in an interview and on Twitter that the tape, made in the late 1990s, was not the same tape in the 2008 trial. He said he had turned it over to the Cook County State’s Attorney’s Office in Chicago, which has been looking into Kelly’s conduct but declined to answer questions about the tape on Thursday.The video, which is about 45 minutes long, includes two scenes, one in a living room and another in a bedroom, according to CNN, which said it had seen the tape. A man whom CNN said “appears to be R. Kelly is seen performing multiple sex acts with the girl.” In the tape, Kelly and the girl refer to her body parts being 14 years old. He urinates on her.Law enforcement officials in Illinois and Georgia, where Kelly has had homes, began looking into his behavior after the documentary “Surviving R. Kelly” aired on Lifetime last month. The program detailed accusations that Kelly had sex with minors and kept young women in what has been described as a sex cult, preventing them from communicating with their families and exerting control over their lives, including whom they could look in the eye and when they could use the bathroom.Two weeks after the documentary aired, Kelly was dropped by his label, RCA Records, following intense pressure from activists in the #MuteRKelly campaign.In a strongly worded statement on Thursday, Kelly’s lawyer, Steve Greenberg, questioned the credibility of Avenatti and CNN’s description of the video and said Kelly “denies that he has engaged in any illegal conduct, of any kind whatsoever.” He also portrayed the women who have spoken out against Kelly as being out for money: “Accuse R. Kelly and boom, make a buck.”Building a criminal case against Kelly could be challenging, for similar reasons that bedeviled prosecutors in 2008. That case involved a 27-minute sex tape that bore some disquieting similarities to the tape described by Avenatti and CNN on Thursday. The previous video showed what prosecutors described as Kelly having sex with and urinating on an underage girl.That girl never testified, and Kelly’s lawyers argued that her identity could not be proven.Avenatti declined to say how he had obtained the new video. On Twitter he said he was representing “multiple clients,” but in the interview he did not say whether he was representing the girl in the video, nor whether she was cooperating, a fact that could be as pivotal as it was in 2008.He said that the charges based on the new tape could be brought in Illinois despite the fact that it was made two decades ago. At the time, the statute of limitations for child sex crimes allowed charges to be brought until a victim turned 38; the time limit was erased in 2017.Avenatti rose to prominence representing Stormy Daniels, who said she had an affair with President Trump. Avenatti also represented a woman named Julie Swetnick, who accused Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct ahead of his confirmation hearings for the Supreme Court. But questions about Swetnick’s account, which was viewed as less credible than that of another accuser, Christine Blasey Ford, helped rally holdout Republicans around the idea that Kavanaugh was the victim of character attacks.Avenatti toyed publicly with running for president in 2020, before announcing that he had decided against it.Jeff Bezos and his wife, MacKenzie, may be the first billionaire couple with a huge stake in an enormous technology company to announce their divorce.They won’t be the last.The surprise announcement last week that the Bezoses would divorce after 25 years of marriage instantly raised questions about the future of their 16 percent, roughly $140 billion stake in Amazon. As its founder, chairman, chief executive and largest shareholder, Mr. Bezos exerts almost complete control over the company he created.The big question is, now what? Will Ms. Bezos sell her portion of the family’s vast Amazon holdings? Will she seek a seat on the company’s board? Will she push for big strategic or management changes?The Bezos divorce could have consequences for investors in other companies with billionaire founders — Google, Facebook, Groupon and Snap, to name a few. Unlike Mr. Bezos, who owns Amazon shares with ordinary voting rights, these tech entrepreneurs wield control of their companies by holding special classes of shares that confer extra power to their owners.To put it more explicitly: What would happen if Mark Zuckerberg and his wife filed for divorce?That’s not to suggest there’s anything amiss in the relationship between Mr. Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan, or with the marriages of controlling shareholders at any other giant tech company.[Who is MacKenzie Bezos? Her private life has become a public fascination.]But more such breakups are inevitable — after all, the divorce rate in California is about 60 percent, and many of the founders of high-flying Silicon Valley companies are only now reaching the age for the proverbial midlife crisis.The phenomenon of tech companies with controlling founders is still relatively recent. Google set a trend when it went public in 2004 with dual-class shares that enshrined Sergey Brin and Larry Page as the controlling owners. In the ensuing 15 years, about two-thirds of initial public stock offerings backed by venture capital funds have involved similar super-shares, according to Dealogic.The fate of such controlling shares in cases of divorce is, or should be, of intense interest to investors.David F. Larcker, director of the Corporate Governance Research Initiative at Stanford’s business school and a co-author of “Separation Anxiety: The Impact of CEO Divorce on Shareholders,” said his research showed that “shareholders should pay attention to matters involving the personal lives of C.E.O.s and take this information into account when making investment decisions.”The law doesn’t explicitly require controlling shareholders to disclose prenuptial or other agreements that could affect the disposal of their company stakes in the event of divorce. But some experts said they would support such a requirement.“It’s absolutely material, and as a result it should be disclosed,” said John C. Coffee Jr., director of the Center for Corporate Governance at Columbia University. In theory, he said, any provision that would reassure investors would lead to a higher share price. “There’s no question it’s in the best interests of shareholders,” he said.Charles M. Elson, a professor and director of the corporate governance center at the University of Delaware, also supports the disclosure of prenuptial agreements. “No one thought a Bezos divorce was a risk factor” for Amazon, Mr. Elson said. “Now no one knows how this will turn out. From a shareholder perspective, it’s certainly material.”Mr. Larcker said requiring public disclosure might be going a little too far, considering the privacy issues involved. But he agreed that, at the least, a board needed to be kept fully informed.“Once a divorce settlement is underway,” he said, “the board needs to think about whether the ex-spouse will demand a board seat, whether they are planning to liquidate their shares or perhaps sell as a block to an investor, maybe an activist. All of these actions can have a real impact on shareholder value.”So far, investors have hardly reacted to the Bezos breakup — Amazon’s shares are up slightly since the announcement. That might be partly because the couple went out of their way to characterize the split as amicable, saying they plan to “continue our shared lives as friends.”When many billions of dollars are at stake, amicable divorces are rare, even when they start out that way. “Most divorces start out contentious and end contentious,” said Samantha Bley DeJean, a matrimonial lawyer in San Francisco, who has worked with many Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and represents Angelina Jolie in her custody battle with Brad Pitt. “When they start out amicably, you hold out some hope that they’ll stay that way, but in my experience it only gets worse.”In 2017 Mark Pincus, the billionaire founder of the internet game company Zynga, and Alison Gelb Pincus filed for divorce. The two had a prenuptial agreement, which hasn’t been made public, but presumably addressed the issue of Mr. Pincus’s 70 percent voting stake in Zynga. In an interview with The New York Times last year, Mr. Pincus said the split was amicable.After the couple filed for divorce, Mr. Pincus converted his super-voting shares into ordinary shares, reducing his voting control of Zynga to about 10 percent. He told The Times that the conversion had nothing to do with the divorce.Ms. Pincus is an entrepreneur in her own right: she helped found the online retailer One Kings Lane, which was sold in 2016 to Bed Bath & Beyond for nearly $30 million. The Pincuses quietly finalized their divorce last year on terms that haven’t been made public. Zynga hasn’t disclosed any changes in Mr. Pincus’s shareholdings since then.A spokeswoman for Zynga, where Mr. Pincus remains executive chairman, declined to comment. Ms. DeJean, who represented Ms. Pincus, said she couldn’t discuss the case. But in general, she said, the fact that both spouses are extremely wealthy typically doesn’t change the dynamics of a divorce.“It becomes a matter of principle,” she said, “and principles can be dangerous in these situations, especially when there’s enough money to litigate them.”In their 2010 divorce, Steve and Elaine Wynn, the founders of the casino company Wynn Resorts, each received half of the couple’s 36 percent controlling stake in the company, valued then at $1.4 billion. To maintain Mr. Wynn’s control, Ms. Wynn agreed to vote her shares along with her ex-husband.At the time, the arrangement seemed amicable: Ms. Wynn warmly described Mr. Wynn as her “partner of 41 years and father of her children,” and Mr. Wynn said he was delighted that his ex-wife would remain on the company’s board.That didn’t last long. After two acrimonious years, Ms. Wynn was forced off the board and sued to regain voting control of her shares.The animosity only deepened after The Wall Street Journal reported last year that Mr. Wynn had repeatedly sexually harassed Wynn employees and had paid a manicurist $7.5 million after she told others that Mr. Wynn had forced her to have sex.That led Mr. Wynn to step down as chief executive. He sold his shares, leaving his former wife as the company’s largest shareholder. Since peaking in 2014, Wynn shares have fallen by more than half.Mr. Larcker’s research found that among 24 chief executives who got divorced between 2009 and 2012, seven (29 percent) stepped down within two years of the divorce settlement.Ms. DeJean said she had recently drafted numerous prenuptial agreements for young entrepreneurs. Negotiating them is delicate: It’s not especially romantic to be discussing the disposal of assets in a divorce proceeding in the middle of a courtship or engagement.The idea of making those prenuptial terms public could be anathema to such clients.Still, Ms. DeJean said, “I can see why investors would want to know.”Under the rule of the Nigerian dictator Sani Abacha more than 20 years ago, a handful of high-ranking government officials looted billions of dollars from the country’s coffers.Now the Nigerian government is demanding some of its money back — from JPMorgan Chase.In a British court, lawyers for the country are suing a subsidiary of the largest United States bank, charging that it enabled corrupt former officials to extract nearly $900 million between 2011 and 2013 from a government bank account in London.JPMorgan says it was following instructions it received from senior Nigerian government officials. The country’s attorney general himself wrote a letter attesting to the legitimacy of the instructions. But the bank has been unable to persuade a British judge to throw out the case, in part because of the unusual circumstances surrounding the money transfers — including the fact that two banks to which JPMorgan wired the money rejected the transfers because of concerns that they might violate money-laundering laws.At the heart of the case is whether JPMorgan did enough to safeguard Nigeria’s money. Under British law, banks are required to act in their customers’ best interests, even if someone connected to a customer tries to get them to do otherwise. Even as it tried to send money to various recipients, JPMorgan reported to regulators its concerns that it might be transferring funds to a convicted money launderer. It made the transfers anyway.It is the latest example of a major American bank getting caught up in a foreign corruption scandal. In Malaysia, Goldman Sachs and some former executives have been accused of participating in a multibillion-dollar fraud involving a government investment fund. Unlike those executives, however, no JPMorgan employees have been accused of wrongdoing.In the London lawsuit, the Nigerian government is seeking damages from JPMorgan of nearly $900 million.The bank’s decision to do business with Nigeria — a country that is ranked 144th out of 180 countries on Transparency International’s corruption list — involved a calculation of risk.“A head of state known or alleged to be corrupt is the riskiest type of client, both because of potential civil and criminal liability and because of reputational damage should details of the relationship come out, as they often do when there is a change in power in the relevant country,” said Joshua Kirschenbaum, a former director at the Treasury Department’s anti-money-laundering agency, FinCEN.A JPMorgan spokesman said it would fight Nigeria’s legal claim, which “is completely without merit.”The bank has argued in court filings that its agreement with the Nigerian government specified, at the time it was signed, that JPMorgan would follow whatever instructions it received, even if it had reason to believe that the instructions were “not in the best interests” of the account holder.It also claims that Nigeria has failed to identify specific things it could have done differently, since it reported each suspicious set of instructions to its British regulator.Aside from the London lawsuit, JPMorgan has not been accused of wrongdoing in connection with the Nigerian affair.Court papers from the London lawsuit and a related criminal trial underway in Italy provide a detailed record of the alleged scheme. (JPMorgan is not a subject of the criminal trial.)It began in 1998 when Mr. Abacha, the president at the time, awarded a license to drill oil near the Niger River Delta to Dan Etete, Nigeria’s oil minister. Mr. Etete paid just $2 million for the license, which was expected to generate billions of dollars in revenue.Mr. Abacha’s successors accused Mr. Etete of corruption and tried to revoke the license. They were unsuccessful. Mr. Etete has denied wrongdoing.In 2007, though, Mr. Etete was convicted of money laundering in an unrelated case in France, and two oil companies, Royal Dutch Shell and Eni, offered to buy the drilling license. In 2011, they struck a deal to pay the Nigerian government, then led by Goodluck Jonathan, more than $1 billion for the license.But under the agreement, according to Italian and Dutch prosecutors, most of the money was slated to go to Mr. Etete and Mr. Jonathan’s friends, and not the Nigerian government.Nigerian officials opened an account at JPMorgan in London, and an Eni subsidiary deposited about $1.1 billion on May 25, 2011. Within days, the Nigerian officials instructed the bank to transfer the money to an account at a Swiss bank, Banca Svizzera Italiana.When JPMorgan sent the funds, B.S.I. officials sent them right back, telling JPMorgan that they were “not comfortable” with the transfer, citing “compliance reasons.” Emails among B.S.I. employees, published in Italian court filings, show that the Swiss bank suspected that the funds were bound for Mr. Etete.After B.S.I. rejected the transfer, JPMorgan told British regulators that it, too, harbored concerns about whether the money was headed to Mr. Etete. It was the first of six suspicious activity reports that JPMorgan sent to British regulators in relation to the Nigerian account that summer. While JPMorgan was suspicious, it did not close or freeze Nigeria’s account.(Swiss authorities in 2016 forced B.S.I. to sell itself or shut down after finding that the bank had helped Malaysian officials illegally siphon money out of the government investment fund 1MDB.)In July 2011, Nigerian officials requested that JPMorgan transfer the entire $1.1 billion to a Lebanese bank.By then, a large portion of the funds had been frozen in court.JPMorgan submitted a letter to a British judge from Nigeria’s attorney general attesting to the legitimacy of the planned Lebanese transfer. The judge released $800 million, but told JPMorgan lawyers he was concerned that “the court was about to become if not a participant in at least an aide to a money-laundering exercise,” according to a court filing.JPMorgan transferred the $800 million to Lebanon’s Banque Misr Liban. But the Lebanese bank sent the money back, saying it could not accept it without more information about the purpose of the transfer, according to a judge’s ruling in Italy and a London court filing made on behalf of Nigeria’s government.Raymond Baker, the president of the Washington-based nonprofit advisory group Global Financial Integrity, who has followed the case of Mr. Etete’s oil license, said JPMorgan at that point should have sought a detailed explanation from Nigeria about the purpose of the wire transfers.“There is a culture of ‘take the money, handle the money,’ regardless of other issues that might come up,” Mr. Baker said.After the Lebanese bank rejected the money transfer, the Nigerian government asked JPMorgan to send $400 million each to accounts at two Nigerian banks held by Mr. Etete. JPMorgan again flagged the transactions as suspicious to British regulators. The regulator, Britain’s Serious Organised Crime Agency (now called the National Crime Agency), consented to the transfers, although it cautioned that the consent did not mean JPMorgan would be legally off the hook if problems with the transfers later arose, according to London court filings that cite the suspicious-activity reports.The money transfers went through.Two years passed, during which the Financial Times and The Economist published reports on the alleged scheme to pocket the oil money. In fall 2012, an investigator for the anti-corruption group Global Witness wrote a letter to JPMorgan’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon, asking questions about the money transfers.In 2013, acting on another set of instructions from Nigerian government officials, JPMorgan sent the remaining $74 million in the account to one of Mr. Etete’s corporate accounts in Nigeria, according to the London court filing. The JPMorgan account had been set up as a “single purpose” account, established only to handle the money from the drilling-license agreement. Now that it was empty, it ceased to exist.A Lithuanian man and his associates found a bold way to steal from Facebook and Google, according to his guilty plea last week: They asked for money via email.More specifically, they sent fraudulent invoices to the California-based tech giants. The invoices were apparently good enough to persuade Google, which is owned by Alphabet, and Facebook to wire a total of more than $100 million for them from 2013 to 2015, according to the Justice Department.The man, Evaldas Rimasauskas, 50, was involved in running a company that controlled several accounts at banks in Latvia and Cyprus, according to a 2016 indictment filed in the United States attorney’s office for the Southern District of New York.He and unnamed associates were essentially posing as Quanta Computer, a hardware company based in Taiwan that has done business with Facebook and Google, Reuters reported.“As Evaldas Rimasauskas admitted today, he devised a blatant scheme to fleece U.S. companies out of $100 million, and then siphoned those funds to bank accounts around the globe,” Geoffrey S. Berman, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, said in a statement on Wednesday.Some of the money transfers involved banks in New York City, the indictment stated.“Rimasauskas thought he could hide behind a computer screen halfway across the world while he conducted his fraudulent scheme, but as he has learned, the arms of American justice are long, and he now faces significant time in a U.S. prison,” Mr. Berman added.Mr. Rimasauskas was extradited from Lithuania to the United States in 2017. He has agreed to forfeit around $50 million, court documents show. After his guilty plea last week, he could face up to 30 years in prison. He is scheduled to be sentenced in July.In a court appearance, Mr. Rimasauskas said that he had knowingly participated in fraud and that his role was to set up the bank accounts to facilitate the scheme, Bloomberg reported. “I was asked to open bank accounts,” he reportedly said. “After that I did not do anything with these accounts.”After money was wired from the tech companies to the bank accounts in Cyprus and Latvia, the Justice Department said in its statement, Mr. Rimasauskas “caused the stolen funds to be quickly wired into different bank accounts in various locations throughout the world, including Latvia, Cyprus, Slovakia, Lithuania, Hungary, and Hong Kong.” The statement added that he also helped to supply banks with forged documents to explain the large transfers of money.Mr. Rimasauskas was originally charged with five criminal counts that included identity theft and money laundering. But after last week’s guilty plea for wire fraud, the remaining four charges should be dismissed at sentencing, said his lawyer, Paul D. Petrus Jr.“Mr. Rimasauskas was far from a major actor in this matter,” Mr. Petrus said, adding that he did not know of any other people who have been charged in connection with the scheme.In emailed statements on Sunday, Facebook said the company had “recovered the bulk of the funds shortly after the incident and has been cooperating with law enforcement in its investigation,” and Google said it had “detected this fraud and promptly alerted the authorities. We recouped the funds and we’re pleased this matter is resolved.”According to the F.B.I., crimes that involve deceiving companies via email have grown more common — and much more sophisticated — in recent years, resulting in billions of dollars in losses.LOS ANGELES — The Latest on new federal charges against attorney Michael Avenatti (all times local):4:20 p.m.A lawyer for a paralyzed man says his client is destitute after attorney Michael Avenatti embezzled most of his $4 million court settlement.Attorney Joshua Robbins said Thursday that Geoffrey Johnson was only paid a fraction of the money Avenatti collected in 2015 from a lawsuit against the Los Angeles County jail.A 36-count federal indictment charging Avenatti with wire, tax and bank fraud says he stole millions of dollars from Johnson and four other clients.Avenatti has denied stealing from clients and tweeted a statement signed by Johnson praising him as an "honest and ethical attorney."Prosecutors says Avenatti told Johnson to sign the statement so he could collect his settlement money.Robbins says he's never seen a defendant tweet incriminating evidence on the day they were indicted.___2:50 p.m.Attorney Michael Avenatti has refused to testify in a court case involving money he owes a former legal partner.Avenatti appeared briefly in Los Angeles Superior Court as federal prosecutors outlined fraud and other charges against him in a 36-count indictment.Avenatti had been scheduled to face questioning about some of nearly $15 million he owes attorney Jason Frank for legal work.Attorney Ron Hodges says Avenatti, his client, asserted his 5th Amendment right against self-incrimination and didn't testify.Andrew Stolper, who represents Frank, says Avenatti would have faced questions about money he's charged with stealing from clients.Avenatti tweeted that he will plead not guilty and fight the charges.Stolper says Avenatti told Frank outside court that he won't get paid now that federal authorities seized his private jet.___10:10 a.m.Attorney Michael Avenatti could face a sentence of 335 years in prison if convicted of charges in a 36-count federal indictment.But even if he is convicted of all counts, it would be unlikely for Avenatti to receive such a lengthy prison termThe indictment announced Thursday in Los Angeles alleges Avenattti stole millions of dollars from clients, didn't pay taxes, committed bank fraud and lied during bankruptcy proceedings.U.S. Attorney Nick Hanna says the four areas of alleged criminal conduct are all linked to each other because money generated from one set of alleged crimes appears in other sets of alleged crimes.Officials say a private jet co-owned by Avenatti was seized Wednesday as part of the ongoing investigation.Avenatti has tweeted denials of all the allegations and says he will plead not guilty.___7:45 a.m.The indictment filed against attorney Michael Avenatti alleges he stole millions of dollars from clients, did not pay his taxes, committed bank fraud and lied in bankruptcy proceedings.Avenatti was indicted late Wednesday on the charges following his arrest in New York last month for allegedly trying to shake down Nike for up to $25 million.The attorney best known for representing porn actress Stormy Daniels in lawsuits against President Donald Trump said Thursday he will plead not guilty.The new charges say he embezzled from a paraplegic man and four other clients and shuffled money between several accounts to deceive them.The charges also say Avenatti pocketed payroll taxes from employees of the Tully's coffee chain that he owned.___7:30 a.m.Attorney Michael Avenatti says he will plead not guilty to a 36-count federal indictment filed against him in Southern California.Avenatti tweeted Thursday that he intends to fight all of the charges and says he looks forward to the truth being known, as opposed to what he characterizes as a "one-sided version."A statement from prosecutors to news outlets says details of the case will be released Thursday morning by U.S. Attorney Nick Hanna and the Internal Revenue Service in Los Angeles.The new charges follow Avenatti's arrest in New York last month for allegedly trying to shake down Nike for up to $25 million and on two counts of wire and bank fraud from Southern California, where his firm is based.___7:05 a.m.Federal prosecutors say attorney Michael Avenatti has been charged in a 36-count federal indictment in Southern California.A statement from prosecutors to news outlets says details of the case will be released Thursday morning by U.S. Attorney Nick Hanna and the Internal Revenue Service.The new charges follow Avenatti's arrest in New York last month for allegedly trying to shake down Nike for up to $25 million and on two counts of wire and bank fraud from Southern California, where his firm is based.The attorney is best known for representing porn actress Stormy Daniels in lawsuits against President Donald Trump. Avenatti has said he expects to be cleared.WASHINGTON — The Trump administration took an important step on Friday in its push to restrict access to abortion and contraception, announcing that it would give as much as $5.1 million in family planning funds to a nonprofit organization funded by allies of the Catholic Church.The grant from the Department of Health and Human Services went to the Obria Group, a Southern California-based nonprofit that describes itself as being “led by God” and that aims to siphon patients — and money — away from Planned Parenthood.The grant to Obria, which includes $1.7 million in the first year and the prospect of that amount in each of the next two years, represents a fraction of the total amount of family planning money awarded by the department on Friday. But both supporters and opponents of abortion rights cast it as a potentially significant move to try to defund medical clinics that provide abortions, such as those affiliated with Planned Parenthood.The funding comes from Title X, which subsidizes birth control, cancer screenings and other medical care for four million low-income patients. While Title X funds do not pay for abortion services as a method of family planning, affiliates of Planned Parenthood, which receive a significant portion of the program’s funds, perform abortions using other funds.Under President Trump, however, the Department of Health and Human Services has introduced changes to the program to make it more difficult for clinics that offer abortions to qualify for the funds and, conversely, to make it easier to provide money to faith-based organizations like Obria that oppose abortion rights and certain forms of contraception.Supporters of abortion rights and contraception have been scrambling to block the changes. Planned Parenthood and  states governed by Democrats filed lawsuits this month challenging them, and advocacy groups called for investigations into claims of favoritism toward faith-based organizations and warned that the shift could deprive thousands of at-risk women of critical health care.The Title X changes and the grant to Obria suggest that the Trump administration is “more interested in courting religious ideologues than in providing real health care to low-income Americans,” said Alice Huling, counsel for a liberal watchdog group called the Campaign for Accountability, which this month sued the administration seeking Obria’s communications with the Department of Health and Human Services.Tim Head, the president of the conservative advocacy group Faith & Freedom Coalition, said the grant was a victory for opponents of abortion rights.“For decades, multiple Congresses and presidential administrations, the pro-life movement has fought to at least slow federal tax subsidies for abortion providers but has failed to do so — until now,” Mr. Head said.The changes to the Title X program and the grant to Obria are part of a broader strategy by the administration and some Republican state officials to use government regulations — and funding — to limit access to abortion and some forms of contraception.The efforts have endeared Mr. Trump to social conservatives. He once supported abortion rights and described himself as “very pro-choice,” but as a candidate in 2016 he embraced an anti-abortion stance, winning wide support from religious conservatives, upon whom he will be banking again in his 2020 re-election bid.Under Mr. Trump, employers have been given expanded ability to claim religious or moral objections to the Affordable Care Act’s requirement that they offer employees insurance coverage for contraception. And the administration has tried to make it more difficult for groups that provide abortions — such as Planned Parenthood — to continue receiving federal family planning funds for other services.Instead, the Trump administration and some Republican-controlled state governments have worked to direct money to programs including teenage pregnancy prevention programs that emphasize sexual abstinence and so-called crisis pregnancy centers, which offer medical services including ultrasounds, prenatal care, and testing and treatment for sexually transmitted diseases, while steering women away from abortion and hormonal birth control.Overseeing this change are people who worked for groups that oppose abortion rights, who have been appointed to key health department positions with oversight of Title X grants. Some of those officials have appeared to advise Obria about federal programs, according to emails submitted in lawsuits challenging the Title X changes.The grants announced on Friday will dispense $256 million for the fiscal year that begins on Monday, with $1.7 million going to Obria. The group said in a statement that it would receive $5.1 million over the course of three years to expand services in four California counties.“With this grant, the administration has opened up a new avenue of health care choices for low income and underserved women and their families in California,” Kathleen Eaton Bravo, the founder and chief executive of Obria, said in the statement.The group, which is at the fore of the faith-based push for Title X funding, was created in the 1990s as Birth Choice Pregnancy Centers, a volunteer-run nonprofit group that until recent years ran just a few crisis pregnancy centers in Southern California.Obria gradually added doctors, nurses and medical services, and its locations got licensed as medical clinics, allowing them to collect payments from Medicaid and private insurance companies and to qualify for some government grants. The group started expanding beyond California by recruiting crisis pregnancy centers as partners in a fledgling nationwide network.The two nonprofit groups that make up Obria — Obria Medical Clinics and Obria Group — had relatively modest fund-raising until recently, bringing in more than $25 million over the last two decades, according to public tax filings. Those filings mostly do not identify the groups’ donors, which are not required to be publicly disclosed under the tax code.But a pair of tax filings identified by the Campaign for Accountability include donor information, perhaps accidentally. The filings show millions of dollars of support from groups associated with the Catholic Church, which opposes abortion and many forms of contraception.The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, which comprises the country’s Catholic leadership, donated $2.5 million, according to the filings and the conference. And the Roman Catholic Bishop of Orange, which is affiliated with the Catholic diocese in California’s Orange County, donated another $560,000. A spokeswoman said the money came from the sale of roses on Mother’s Day.Other donors include wealthy Southern California social conservatives, such as the real estate investor Charles J. Schreiber Jr., who for a time was the chairman of the board of Obria. He and his wife have contributed more than $1.1 million to the group.Among the members of its national advisory board is Marjorie Dannenfelser, the president of the Susan B. Anthony List, which lobbies against abortion rights.She has praised Mr. Trump as “the most pro-life president in our nation’s history.”NEW YORK — The New York Department of Financial Services said on Wednesday it has rejected the application of Bittrex, a U.S.-based digital asset exchange, for a virtual currency license that it needs to operate in the state.In a statement, the DFS said it denied Bittrex's application due to deficiencies in the exchange's capital, as well as anti-money laundering, requirements. It cited its "failure to demonstrate that it will conduct its business honestly, fairly, equitably, carefully, and efficiently."The New York regulator also ordered Bittrex to cease operating in the state of New York and wind down its business within 60 days.Bittrex, in an email to Reuters, said, it "fully disputes the findings" of the DFS. The company believes the DFS decision "harms rather than protects New York customers." "Corporate responsibility is in our DNA and our commitment to regulatory and compliance guidelines is second to none," Bittrex said. "More specifically, today's letter (from the DFS) contains several factual inaccuracies."The cryptocurrency exchange has been able to operate in New York under the terms of a "safe harbor," which is permitted by the DFS while its application for a virtual currency license is pending. Bittrex said it first applied for a Bitlicense with the department in August 2015.In a letter to Bittrex Chief Executive Officer Bill Shihara, who along with a group of security professionals founded Bittrex in 2013, DFS said it had issued several deficiency letters to Bittrex, including on anti-money laundering, due diligence, and capital requirements. It noted Bittrex's inadequate customer due diligence, with a large number of transactions missing required tax identification numbers or customer names.DFS examiners also found a substantial number of aliases such as "Give me my money", "Elvis Presley", "Donald Duck", as well as what the regulator described as "obscene terms and phrases" that are used in identifying accounts at Bittrex.Overall, it found Bittrex's compliance program deficient given that it has a customer base of about 1.67 million users across multiple countries, including 35,000 New York-based users, offers 212 cryptocurrencies and processed more than 100 million transactions annually in 2017 and 2018. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; editing by Jonathan Oatis and Susan Thomas)Last week, federal prosecutors charged 50 people, including Hollywood actresses, business leaders and elite college coaches, in a brazen scheme to buy spots in the freshman classes at elite American universities. Dozens of wealthy parents paid millions of dollars in bribes. Test scores were inflated, essays were falsified and photographs were doctored, all in an illicit effort to gain entry to Yale, the University of Southern California, Stanford, Georgetown and other big name schools.We knew that the middle and high school students who visit our site would have much to say, so we gave them a place to share their reactions in our Student Opinion question, “What Is Your Reaction to the College Admissions Cheating Scandal?”We received nearly 500 comments from students across the country — making it one of our most-commented writing prompts ever.Most said they were appalled, but not surprised. Others, many of whom are in the process for applying to colleges right now, shared how the news has changed their views of the supposed meritocracy of college admissions. And still others used sharp analysis to explain why, as one commenter put it, “if there’s anywhere this could have happened it would have been the United States.”While we usually highlight three of our most popular writing prompts in our Current Events Conversation, this week we are only rounding up comments for this one prompt so we can honor the many students who wrote in.Thank you to all the new classes who chimed in this week: Carlisle, Penn.; Caruthers High School, Calif.; Inman, S.C.; Landrum High School, S.C.; Los Angeles, Calif.; and Riverside, Calif.And, we’d like to give a special shout out to students from Holicong Middle School who responded to commenter after commenter with affirmation and questions that kept the conversation going in interesting directions.Please note: All student comments have been lightly edited for length, but otherwise appear as they were originally submitted.__________Shock, frustration and outrageI am absolutely shocked and angered to learn that this pure corruption can occur in the college admissions process. Those responsible for this ludicrous scandal do not understand the point of college at all. College or university is an opportunity earned through an impartial process.— Isabel Li, Temple City, CAWhile I am not surprised, I am appalled that this has been going on for years and that parents and people with money feel the entitlement they do. Thousands of students across the country, myself included, work tirelessly at several jobs, are heavily active in their communities, and maintain high and REAL grades and scores just to have a sliver of a chance to be accepted to our dream school, and to be able to afford it without an enormous amount of student debt.— Emily Sedlak, Carlisle, PennsylvaniaOne of the details that shocked me the most is that one of the parents claimed that their son had a learning disability. This is not only unethical, but this is very disrespectful to those who do have learning disabilities.I am kind of surprised that something like this happened in the United States because this is not what America is all about. The reason that America started is because we were being cheated out of our freedoms.— Abby G., Inman, SCHeart-wrenching human indecency — absolute disregard for the law or for the students of America— utter disrespect for themselves and their children — all accurate ways to describe the parents, administrators, and coaches that were active participants in the college entry fraud scandal … These parents stole opportunities from students who were deserving of better, and frankly, I am appalled to say that I’m not surprised in the slightest.— Nicole Hudak, Lakewood, OHWhile I feel like I’ve always sort-of known the influence money can and does have on admissions decisions, seeing such a gross abuse of power laid out in such detail is frustrating.— Robbie Kane, The Galloway SchoolFamilies travel to the United States in hope for better opportunities for them and their children, students work hard long, hours to bring up their grades and prepare for tests, yet many of these students don’t get into the schools of their choice. It is horrible to think that these innocent people lost their chance to someone who didn’t get into the school fairly.— Anya Finlay, Masterman, Philadelphia, PAI have a very strong opinion on this one that can be boiled down to three simple words.It’s not fair.A simple opinion? Yes. Childish? Maybe a little. Incorrect? Not in the slightest.Students work hard to get into college. They constantly push to achieve their dreams. They sacrifice time, sleep, and even their passions just to get where they want to go.Sometimes they don’t get in. It’s sad, but it happens, and it often means that the person who did get in worked harder, and that the person who didn’t get in might need to work harder. That’s fair.What isn’t fair is a hardworking student not getting into the school of their dreams because they weren’t born with deep pockets.That’s unfair.— Thomas D., J.T. Hoggard High SchoolNot only am I mad, but I am also sympathetic. Going through life without obstacles is gonna come back to bite … hard.What really got to me was the fact that hard working students who deserved spots at these amazing schools got laid off by a bunch of rich, privileged kids whose mommy and daddy obviously buy their way through life.Meanwhile these students spend hours on homework, months on their applications, and the only support they get from mom and dad is probably a “you’re doing great sweetie” because you know what? They are doing great! They are prepared for obstacles and hardships, unlike the girl whose parents paid 200,000 dollars for a spot on a rowing team, or the boy whose parents paid 50,000 to make sure he passed his tests.— Gracie Sistrunk, Hoggard High School, Wilmington, NCScamming college admissions? No surprise there.When learning about the scandal, I am not surprised that something like this happened in the United States because there are many people in the country that are willing to do whatever to help their kids be successful. Going to college can mean success in today’s world.— Camden S., SCBreaking news about people with money and power using their money and power for their own gain is not breaking news because it is nothing new.— Reuben C, Burlington, VermontI don’t see why this is very shocking to most people—I feel like it is pretty well known that students often lie in a variety of situations. Whether it is to get a job by putting something down on your resume that you never did or lying about income to get free lunch and lowered AP test prices; students (at least from what I see) are always lying to help benefit themselves. This fact doesn’t necessarily bother me just because it is so prominent in my school and I assume in other schools as well.— Sarah, Buena Park, CAI am more surprised at how long this took before being discovered because of the amount of people involved in the scandal. I am also surprised at the fact that other students are astonished at this. Yes, this was a major scandal and one of the largest college admissions scandals but history has shown us time and time again that many people, no matter what era, will be willing to cut corners or find the easy way out (or in this case, in) of a situation whether it be legally or illegally.— Mia Beam, King Highschool Riverside CAI’m a little surprised that something like this would happen in America but not much. With the number of wealthy people who are always trying to find a way to cheat the system whether it be taxes, loans, or even schools it was bound to happen someday.— Evan Thompson, Mabry Middle, Inman, South CarolinaMy reaction to the whole situation is kind of like “oh well”. Stuff like this happens all the times where people use their resources to ensure a better future for their family, it’s been happening for centuries. Anytime you have a capitalist functions society then you will have people taking advantage of the system by using their assets.— Frank Lyons, HoggardHow fair is the college admissions process really?As someone who is preparing to apply to college soon, this is extremely disheartening to say the least. It can make me feel worse about my chances of getting into a college I would like to. It is discouraging knowing there have been many people in our country to cheat the system of applying to college and making it in when they do not deserve it but they can get it based off of family wealth …I am the type of person where every grade I receive makes me think of how it will affect my chances at getting into a good college. Seeing this scandal that went on makes me question if my hard work going into impressing colleges will even matter.— Brennan McCauley, Hoggard High SchoolAs a high school student beginning the college admissions process, these dishonorable acts dishearten my confidence and leave me regarding every sleepless night and study session as meaningless, able to be signed away by a simple paycheck. This also speaks to the nationwide emphasis on the country’s top schools as a means of future success and affluence. Teenagers are constantly pressured by both their families and society to go to big-name colleges, a task so competitive that many resort to cheating and bribing. Not only does the admissions process itself require reconsideration, but the entire attitude towards “name-brand” schools must be observed for its toxicity.— Izzy, VermontPersonally, I am very upset by the fact that college admissions are susceptible to bribery. I believe that I work harder than most kids, and I push myself for the purpose of maintaining good grades so I can get into decent colleges. I also try to participate in many sports, clubs, etc. to add to my college resume. It make me very upset that some colleges gave an advantage to kids who do not work as hard as I do and might not get grades as good as mine simply because their parents can cough up a large sum of money.— JB, BahrenburgWhen something is put on a pedestal, there is bound to be people cutting corners to reach it.I am in a SAT prep course and it has been mostly funded by my grandmother. I am very grateful for my privilege and I will work to have it well finished.— Chris Llanos, VTWhen I first heard about the scandal, I was shock and in disbelief, but then I thought about it and I wasn’t surprise. It is no lie the college system is corrupt. While college is suppose to be a place of continuing learning and growth, it became a business industry where money talks.Knowing this information is concerning to me as a high school junior because my peers and I are going to be applying to colleges soon, and I know that most of us do not have enough money to “buy our way” into college. It is also disheartening because I know that many of us actually try our hardest to get good grades, do well in our respected extracurricular like sports, juggle many AP classes, and so much more, but there are kids that are able to have mommy or daddy pay someone to fake their resume and SAT scores which is wrong …There is nothing wrong with a parent paying their child’s college tuition when they get in rightfully, but cheating to get your child into college with bribery is wrong and shows how corrupt the college system is, making it hard to know what colleges are built for;educating or becoming a money-making empire.— Lola Adebayo, Providence, RIWhen I look at this, I feel really bad. Students like me work really hard for our future, while some kids who don’t try at all are given the opportunity to go to the top colleges without putting in an ounce of sweat. I stress every day thinking about getting into college and knowing that it could be taken away because of people like this is terrifying.— Dalton M., Inman, SCIf parents with students who have access to nothing but the very best coaches, tutors, private schools, etc. need to blow millions of dollars on rigging tests, doctoring photos, and so on, just so that is enough to get them into Ivy League universities; what does that mean for students who have nothing to rely on but their “God-given gifts.”Articles like these begin to worry me; as a high school sophomore already starting to think about the college admissions process, it is very unnerving when your parents aren’t exactly millionaires and you have Ivy League dreams that seem to become more unachievable and more unfair by the day with more and more examples like these of how cutthroat the education system is.— Leila Belfadil, Hoggard High School, Wilmington NCI know I’m going to have to work SUPER hard to have a chance to get into any of these colleges, and it’s truly heart-wrenching to see all these “athletes” and legacies get into these amazing places, purely based on the connections they have. I wish this weren’t the case, but whatever will happen, will happen, and all I can do is try my best and put my right foot forward. If these places are too blinded by money to see the hard work of thousands of kids around the country, who are practically dying to get into their school, that they deny them acceptance, it’s their loss, not mine.— Anna Praticò, J. R. Masterman, PhiladelphiaAlthough this scandal is ridiculous , it does not make me steer away from college. I will not let the desperate actions of others determine my future success as a student.— Samantha Drake, King High School, CAWhat kind of message do these actions send children?Both the legal and illegal bribery is unethical, and sends a terrible message. It says to kids that they are not good enough on their own, right before sending them out to be alone and separate from their families for the first time in their lives. They are entering a place where they are supposed to be learning and shaping their own opinions and thoughts, and they’re put their by the same restrictions and privileges they have had their entire lives.— Audrey, Hoggard High SchoolThe biggest message in this scandal is that no matter how hard you work, there’s probably someone less qualified that will get in due to their parent’s money or influence.— Isabelle, RiversideOne of the biggest lessons I’ve learned in my life is that hard work can take you a long way. Apparently, people with money don’t need to teach their children that lesson.— z, caruthersThis scandal sends a bad image to the youth saying that money can get you anything in life. Students should learn that hard work is what pays off in the end and gets you places. I feel bad for the people that work the hardest but are less fortunate when it comes to money. They won’t get the college opportunity they deserve, while the wealthy and lazy people get whatever they want, with no work put in.— Sophia Southerland, Hoggard High School, Wilmington NCI think the scandal sends the message to high school students that their will always be someone out there to try and do something the wrong or easy way. The biggest take away is that you need to do things that right or they may be severe consequences.— J.Simmons, SDSACollege admission are cutthroat for a reason. Only the best and brightest should be admitted into the elite of schools; however, it seems that in many cases, wealth, power, and status are prioritized. This unfair and unfortunate precedent is sending a message to the students of America. A message about the competitive and money driven world we live in. A world in which hard word doesn’t always pay off, and there is no guarantee of success, especially when up against wealth. Is this the message we want to be sending to the students of our future?— Ava Clause, Lakewood, OhioOne of the messages it sends is that money isn’t everything. You can try and buy your way through life but it won’t last very long.— Abigail Billings, Hoggard High School, Wilmington, NCThe myth of American meritocracyIt hurts to think that a student who prepared him or herself, who studied for countless hours every night, and to who college ultimately mattered more was not granted the right to an equal opportunity to achieve his or her dream.The whole American notion that if one works hard enough, he or she will accomplish all that he or she desires is false … This scandal proves that the rich and wealthy are privileged and will continue to be because they pave the same path for their kids, even if that means robbing the chance for another kid to pave his or her own path.The scandal hurt me, but it did not shock me. It proved what many of us were in denial of: Working hard just isn’t enough sometimes. But this scandal can enlighten and influence people to be proactive and sympathetic so that the rich staying rich doesn’t mean the poor has to stay poor. Students are told to study, and if they cheat, they will be punished. It’s not a difficult concept to grasp. Every person who participated in this cheating should be punished.— Yessenia, Rhode IslandIn America there is a huge separation between the small amount of very rich and the large amount of very poor. This allows people who can pay their way into spots that they do not deserve to stay on top of society while people who worked hard for these spots get pushed out.— Amalia T., Masterman, PhiladelphiaSome in our society have become increasingly consumed with wealth, upward mobility at any cost and worse of all the aim to achieve those with complete disregard for hard work or honesty. As a result we see financial scandals at all levels. What’s so sad is that some (who are financially capable) are willing to encourage and teach their kids the acts of dishonesty and avoidance of hard work.This scandal is punch to the gut for high school graduates and their families who struggle to borrow funds for their kids to get into mediocre schools. Cheating denies all of us the opportunity to teach and train a future doctor, teacher or scientist who did not get into or can afford college tuition etc. Those found guilty of participating in this exposed crime need to fund a scholarship at the school their kids applied to for displaced students in the amount the paid in the scheme or pay to the full extent of the law.— Archie, Long Island, NYWe live in a society where your family and wealth determine how you will be treated in society, this just shows you can do whatever you want- if the price is right- if you have money.— Ava Walger, Hoggard High School, NCIts very similar to our current political system today … I’m not surprised this happened in the United States, after all, it is home to some of the best universities and some of the richest people, put 2 and 2 together and you have bribery scandals.— Brett H., Riverside, CAIf there’s anywhere this could have happened it would have been the United States: here the admissions process is so rigorous and so much importance is placed on going to a good college that it’s completely understandable to want to give your child more security when it comes to admissions.Overall, it’s not just the admissions process but the entire system that is rigged to favor the wealthy: more money means access to better education, private tutoring, and the resources to put a child through an expensive college. While financial aid and affirmative actions can alleviate this issue, it’s clearly skewed to favor those with more money rather than more innate talent or achievement. As for me, the main message that I can takeaway from this is that the admissions system for high-level colleges is even more unfair than I thought.— Owen Bardeen, CAThe cheating scandal is horrific at best, but no one should be suprised. The United States has created a society where everyone is constantly in competition with one another to become the best. The elite stay elite, while those who struggle can only make it if hard work is put in. The college admissions process is not fair because nothing is fair in the real world. Someone always has an advantage in some way …We have created a mentality that we must be the best at all costs. Grades are valued over integrity, and alternative facts prevail over truth. Constant comparisons make us become desperate to be perfect.— Mia M., Martin Luther King HighThis news of bribery in high level colleges seems like a scandal that nobody had seen coming, as it is portrayed as such, but really this was all bound to happen. Upper class citizens have had a leg up in our society since the beginning of time. There has always been a divide, ever since humans organized ourselves by the amount of money in our bank accounts and no way to bridge the divided between poor and wealthy. The more money that you have, the luckier you are.— Dana Mormando, Hoggard High School, Wilmington NCThis country revolves around money and wealth, and people will do anything with it, and to get it. And that’s where the problems starts. If we actually don’t try to do something to change this, this world is just going to come up with different ways of doing things that are wrong, because of money. I just feel bad for the students that are actually trying their best. Some people don’t even have the opportunity for education, and our country is taking advantage of that … So if we want to change something, it must start with us first.— Naiima Jabati, Julia R. Masterman, PhiladelphiaThe college admissions scandal is peak white privilege. These white parents have all the money and opportunities in the world and still choose to cheat their children into college.— Payton Rossen, Lakewood, OhioI am not at all surprised by this scandal. And I didn’t find anything that was shocking in this article and not at all shocked that something like this happened in the United States because they chose Donald J Trump as president and can buy guns is some states without any papers.— YF, Tbilisi,GeorgiaThese parents aren’t helping their children in the long run.The parents who lied and bribed are not actually helping their children, or else their children would have known about it in the first place. They are just making their children into flower vases. Pretty and attractive on the outside, hollow on the inside. In order to truly make their children succeed in life, maybe they should actually help them learn.— Sarah Wong, Julia R Masterman, PhiladelphiaEven if their children wanted to get into these schools, after even the first few weeks, they will feel out of place, or even think themselves as “stupid” because they were falsely put into these schools. Because of this, there could even be negative mental side effects such as anxiety and panic attacks that would severally worsen their lives.— Daniel Morozov, Holicong Middle School, PAThe aspect of the scandal that struck me the most was the cases where the children did not know that their parents altered their SAT scores. It would be crushing to know that you did not actually deserve your place at your school.— Caroline, VermontIt’s bad when even your parents think you’re stupid … I’m a little surprised this happen because you would think that because the parents worked hard to acquire their wealth that they would want their kids to work hard too. But at the same time, I’m not that surprised because there are a lot of really spoiled kids in the U.S. These kids don’t work for anything, they get everything handed to them.— Diego B., FresnoIf I were that teen, I would wonder if my parents really were proud of me or if they thought I wasn’t good enough.— Lauren H., Inman, South CarolinaI think all parents want the best for their children. However, I do not think that paying for their children’s work is the best way to help them, since facilitating their work only makes them lazy and inexperienced in real life. In addition, they are depriving them of the satisfaction that gives them something to achieve and the opportunity to demonstrate their abilities. I think that striving to achieve a dream is a path full of life lessons that often improve us as people. Our society needs people with a dynamic, progressive attitude, who know how to survive and develop in society.— keyri 3A, YC CLIPThere’s a reason that colleges like Yale and Harvard only pick the best of the best; because that’s who their classes are designed for. In my opinion, this scheme doesn’t benefit the student, because going through a “side door” in the admission process doesn’t mean that they will be able to keep up with the rigors of a prestigious university. I’m just saying, if you’re paying $1.2 billion in bribes, what does that say about your child’s academic abilities? Why not put that money into good tutors instead?— Brian E., Masterman, Philadelphia, PAI feel sorry for everyone in this situation. The parents, because they feel as if this is the only way to create happiness for their children, the students because some had no idea, and especially those students who worked so hard and got pushed out by those with more money to spare.— Alex Lee, Hoggard High School, Wilmington, NCColleges already favor the wealthy.The elite are already given special treatment. I would’ve thought that their money alone would have proven to be a great asset in the college admissions process. I think that wealth in general serves as a great advantage in the college admissions process. I know, for example, that only those that are wealthy and can secure great payments can apply Early Decision to colleges. The majority of people can not afford to apply Early Decision, because this is binding and upon acceptance the student must forfeit his or her other applications.— Caroline Gracia, Providence RIIt has long been the case that students of wealthier families are much more likely to attend elite universities, and there are often special privileges afforded the children of wealthy donors to these top institutions, and so the concept of essentially bribing a kid’s way to college was something I saw as simply an extension, albeit a truly criminal one, of those pre-existing special conditions.This issue stems largely from not only the corruption of a few officials, but from the higher education system as a whole. Over the past few decades, the college admissions process has become one massive competition, pitting students, peers, from across the country against each other, and while competition is not inherently wrong, the issue that has sprung up is that the process controls a student’s entire life, making many of their decisions for them.Many students are forced to make decisions not based on what they most enjoy, but what would look best on a college application. That is what is inherently wrong. Adding corruption further endangers these students’ lives, and makes their decisions not matter at all. Something must be done in order to make our education system one that works for all americans, not just the wealthiest.— Aeddon, ProvidenceAs a student who takes rigorous courses and works very hard to get good grades and a transcript that stands out to college administrators, it is almost frustrating to hear that others get “accepted” into universities based on false facts. I believe students should be accepted into colleges based on their merit and their skill, not the amount of money they are willing to pay to fake their way in. Some students who were accepted by these means were shown to not even care about the education they will be provided, but only for the “college experience.” If this is what these students are looking for it would be just as easy to be accepted into a less prestigious school without cheating their way in.— Matilda Morris, Walla Walla WAHarvard and many other top universities have long been employing race-based affirmative action to create diverse student bodies. While this has been effective in gaining a more racially-representative student body, there is still a huge amount of socioeconomic inequality.Top universities need to end their policies of race-based affirmative action and turn them into socioeconomic-based policies. They need to stop discriminating based on race and start giving middle and low-income people a chance for admission.Only when top colleges swap their race-based affirmative action policies for socioeconomic ones will the unfair advantages of the wealthy be nullified, and only then will their student bodies be truly diverse.— Sebastian Zagler, John T Hoggard High School Wilmington NCAre we really that surprised? In a culture that persistently propagates the idea that elite college admissions are the only key to success, in a culture that ascribes immense status to traditional centers of academic achievement, in a culture that has always supported the wealthy attending selective schools, no, we shouldn’t be surprised.Ivy League acceptance rates were once well over 50%, and with numbers now approaching less than one tenth of that previous mark, it is apparent that something must have changed … In decades past it was only the wealthy who were able to send their children to the elite private high schools that nearly guaranteed admittance to Ivy League caliber institutions. It should come as no surprise that this same mentality is now in conflict with modern holistic admissions.However, these ideas about status and education are not just the result of rich parents who want the best for their children; their actions are motivated by a culture that irrationally overvalues specific schools. Consider the Supreme Court, on which every single justice has attended at some point either Harvard Law or Yale Law (or both).— Evan Bell, Lakewood, OhioEven as the rich are getting richer, and their privilege skyrockets, 50 SAT/ACT prep coaches, parents, and test administrators felt the need to ensure their child’s spot in Ivy League schools such as Harvard and Yale. Imagine the mediocrity: rich, mostly white, most likely christian students with all of the privileges they need to be successful needing to cheat to get into a good college.We are fed lies that affirmative action takes away the right of hard working Americans to get into college, that financial aid and other such programs that help the poor and disadvantaged people of our country are taking away that right from Americans to get into college. However, as it has almost always been, the rich are feeding these lies to the poor to keep them poor, while the rich prosper, the rich get into good colleges, and the rich live lives full of advantages.— Jason Melnick, Lakewood Public HighschoolWhen was the last time a new college was made that I was made aware of? My parents always tell me, “Apply for UC’s” or basically go to colleges that are already established. I’m not sure if new credible colleges are being made, but I definitely think that if it could happen it could lower competition, and in the end lower situations like this. No one will have to reach such desperate or cheap measures to get their kid into college.— Edward F., TorranceExpressions of moral outrage are playing a prominent role in contemporary debates about issues like sexual assault, immigration and police brutality. In response, there have been criticisms of expressions of outrage as mere “virtue signaling” — feigned righteousness intended to make the speaker appear superior by condemning others.Clearly, feigned righteousness exists. We can all think of cases where people simulated or exaggerated feelings of outrage because they had a strategic reason to do so. Politicians on the campaign trail, for example, are frequent offenders.So it may seem reasonable to ask, whenever someone is expressing indignation, “Is she genuinely outraged or just virtue signaling?” But in many cases this question is misguided, for the answer is often “both.”You may not realize it, but distinguishing between genuine and strategic expressions of indignation assumes a particular scientific theory: namely, that there are two separable psychological systems that shape expressions of moral outrage. One is a “genuine” system that evaluates a transgression in light of our moral values and determines what level of outrage we actually feel. The other is a “strategic” system that evaluates our social context and determines what level of outrage will look best to others. Authentic expressions of outrage involve only the first system, whereas virtue signaling involves the second system.This theory may be intuitively compelling, but new research suggests that it is wrong. Psychological studies reveal that a person’s authentically experienced outrage is inherently interwoven with subconscious concerns about her reputation. In other words, even genuine outrage can be strategic.In a paper forthcoming in The Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, we show that even when people are unobserved — and thus have no incentive to signal their virtue — their sense of moral outrage is influenced by their desire to be seen positively by others.In several experiments, we presented participants with an act of selfish behavior, in which one person was given an opportunity to split a sum of money with another person but decided to keep all the money for himself. Then we asked the participants to rate their degree of outrage toward the selfish person. This took place in a completely anonymous online environment, so that no one — not even us, the researchers — could link the subjects’ responses to their identities.But before we asked our subjects to rate their degree of outrage toward the selfish person, we asked about half of them to complete another task: We provided them with a sum of money and gave them the opportunity to share it with an unidentified stranger. (Some shared, some didn’t.) This also took place in a completely anonymous online environment.What we found might strike you as peculiar. When our participants rated their degree of moral outrage toward the selfish person, those who had not been given an opportunity to share money with another person reported feeling significantly more moral outrage than did those who had been given that opportunity.On the face of it, this might seem strange. Why would having an opportunity to act morally in one setting influence your level of moral outrage in another — especially when your identity is secret the entire time?Our data support the following explanation: People have a subconscious desire to signal their virtue. Even in private, people implicitly ask themselves, “If I were being observed, how good would I look?”Consider the participants who were given an opportunity to act morally by sharing money. If they had been observed, their choice would have served as a powerful signal of their virtue (or lack thereof). And as a result, the value of expressing outrage as a virtue signal would decline. After all, if a participant chose to share, she would look virtuous regardless of how much outrage she subsequently expressed toward the selfish person. (And if she chose not to share, she would look dishonorable regardless of how much outrage she later expressed.)In contrast, the participants who were not given the opportunity to share money had no way to signal their virtue to a hypothetical observer besides getting outraged. So, even though no one was watching, they had a stronger subconscious motivation to express outrage — and, as we found, they reported feeling significantly more outraged.What our findings show is that asking whether outrage is “pure” is the wrong question. Even authentic outrage is influenced by implicit strategic calculations. This shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone familiar with evolutionary theories that hypothesize that morality arose precisely as a way of signaling one’s trustworthiness in cooperative endeavors.But this also shouldn’t strike you as cynical. In fact, we view our findings optimistically. They suggest that if an individual is motivated by a desire to signal her virtue, that does not necessarily mean she is faking her outrage. Of course, people do sometimes fake or exaggerate their outrage to look good. Our point is that the presence of strategic motives does not itself make a moral reaction inauthentic.That’s something to keep in mind the next time you are tempted to dismiss something as mere virtue signaling.Jillian Jordan is a postdoctoral fellow at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern. David Rand is an associate professor at the Sloan School of Management and the department of brain and cognitive sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Craig Coley was never a wealthy man. There was a time, before he was wrongfully convicted of murder and spent nearly four decades in prison, when he juggled multiple jobs to afford a home. Those days now seem far away.On Saturday, the city of Simi Valley, Calif., announced that it had reached a $21 million settlement with Mr. Coley, 71, in connection with his 1980 murder conviction that was overturned in 2017 after DNA evidence proved he was not the killer.For Mr. Coley, the news has been overwhelming. But in a phone interview arranged by lawyers on Monday, he made one thing clear: “There is no money that can replace what I lost.”“When I heard about this award they granted to me I was taken aback even though I knew the possibility was there,” he said. “The whole situation, the reason I am getting the money is where it starts — none of it is normal.”The reason Mr. Coley is getting the money begins with the murder of his ex-girlfriend Rhonda Wicht, 24, and her 4-year-old son, Donald, in 1978. He was arrested but his trial ended in a hung jury in 1979.He was tried again the next year, found guilty and was sentenced to life in prison without parole. Then he spent the next 37 years in prison. His sentence was the longest one ever overturned in California, the city said in its statement on Saturday.Mr. Coley was released on the day before Thanksgiving in 2017. He calls it “the most thankful day of my life.”After his release, Mr. Coley was pardoned by Jerry Brown, who was then the governor, and awarded $1.95 million by the California Victims Compensation Board — $140 for each day he spent in prison.“Had I not gotten some money from the state, I’d be broke,” he said on Monday. “I had no money. How can you get a job at 70 years old in this day and age?”But while the two monetary awards are nice, Mr. Coley said, they cannot make up for what time — and the state of California — have taken away.“I’ll never have children, I’ll never have grandchildren,” he said. “I have lost all my family. It just goes on and on and on.”In a statement on Saturday, the city seemed to agree.“While no amount of money can make up for what happened to Mr. Coley, settling this case is the right thing to do for Mr. Coley and our community,” Simi Valley’s city manager, Eric Levitt, said in the statement. He also added that the city had decided to settle the case because “the monetary cost of going to trial would be astronomical.”The city’s statement said it would pay about $4.9 million of the $21 million settlement, with the remainder coming from insurance and other sources.Representatives for the Simi Valley Police Department and the district attorney’s office did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Monday. Mr. Levitt said the police department was still pursuing leads in the deaths of Ms. Wicht and her son.On Monday, Mr. Coley said he earned degrees in Bible studies while in prison. He was even working on a graduate degree at the time of his release, he said, “but I don’t know if I will ever get back to that.”Mr. Coley said he planned to donate some of his settlement money to a veterans’ organization started by a friend. And he often tells people about the power of perseverance.“People that are down and out or having a hard time, my message to them is don’t give up, tell the truth about everything because the truth will always come back and support you,” he said. “Lies never do. And God can help you, he really can.”Mr. Coley’s road to freedom began in 2016 with a police investigation opened at the behest of officers who doubted his guilt. Tests showed that DNA found on a key piece of evidence did not match Mr. Coley’s.On Monday, Mr. Coley said he was not angry at those responsible for his being imprisoned for all those years. “They took four decades of my life, and I am not going to let them take the rest of it,” he said. “I forgive anyone who was involved in this, if it was intentional or not. I am going to move forward.”STOCKHOLM — The European Central Bank (ECB) is looking into Swedbank's Estonian operations, Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter reported on Wednesday, citing an undisclosed source.The ECB wants to know how well Swedbank's Estonian subsidiary kept itself informed about its customers, the paper said, citing the source. The newspaper also reported, citing the Swedish financial supervisory authority, that it had shared with the ECB a report commissioned by Swedbank on its Baltic operations. The Swedish FSA and the ECB declined to comment when approached by Reuters. Sweden is not part of the eurozone but Estonia is and that means Swedbank's Estonian subsidiary falls under ECB supervision. Swedbank has come under heavy criticism from politicians and investors over allegations that its Baltic operations processed billions of dollars of transactions allegedly linked to Russian money laundering.The scandal has led to Swedbank's CEO and chairman leaving and the launch of several regulatory investigations into the bank.Separately, business daily Dagens Industri (DI) cited FSA deputy director general Martin Noreus as saying that the authority was expanding its joint probe with Baltic counterparts into money laundering risks in the region to include Swedish bank SEB's operations in the region.An FSA spokesman said the DI report was correct, declining to comment further. Swedbank and SEB are the biggest banks in the Baltic region. (Reporting by Anna Ringstrom, additional reporting by Helena Soderpalm and by Francesco Canepa in Frankfurt; Editing by Keith Weir)RIGA — A year after closing one of its largest banks for money laundering and the detention of its central bank governor for alleged bribery, Latvia is struggling to deal with the fallout from the corruption scandal.The country's new government, formed in January after months of political deadlock, is trying to introduce reforms ahead of a review by international money-laundering standards watchdog Moneyval, which Latvian officials fear could label the Baltic state as high risk.The stakes are high for Latvia, tarnished by a string of money laundering and corruption scandals, including the shuttering of banking group ABLV last year.But efforts to clean up the country's reputation are moving slowly. Central Bank Govenor Ilmars Rimsevics is still awaiting trial 14 months on from his brief detention. A top European court has ruled that he should not have been barred from office, in an embarrassing setback for the tiny state. "Latvia is coming to crunch time," said Valdis Liepins, chairman of anti-corruption group Transparency International in Latvia. "The whole system is corrupt. We finally need to do something." Latvia's prime minister, Krisjanis Karins, has promised to accelerate an overhaul of the banking sector but his efforts have been overshadowed by lack of progress in the Rimsevics corruption case, the biggest in the former Soviet-ruled state's history. Rimsevics was accused last year by Latvia's public prosecutor of accepting an offer of a 500,000 euro ($566,100) bribe from a Latvian bank. Rimsevics, also a top policy-maker at the European Central Bank and who led Latvia into the euro, has denied wrongdoing.He has returned to work following the European court ruling that Latvia broke EU law by barring him from office, and travels to ECB meetings in Frankfurt.The Rimsevics case has sparked a public row between Latvia's justice minister and the state prosecutor over how to tackle corruption and financial crime.Justice minister Janis Bordans told Reuters he was looking at how to reorganize work in enforcement agencies, promising radical reform after what he said was a mishandling of the case."This is the failure of the investigation agencies," Bordans said, singling out the state prosecutor. "It shows that there is some lack of efficiency and professionalism."Bordans blamed "inefficient representatives ... in legal agencies" and poor leadership. Latvia's prosecutor general Eriks Kalnmeiers responded that the minister had no information about the details of the case that would qualify him to comment.Unless there are meaningful reforms, the Moneyval review, due out in coming months, could label Latvia as high risk.The Rimsevics investigation is also being watched closely by the United States, which has become frustrated with Latvia's often years-long probes of corruption cases.Rimsevics is also suspected of bribery linked to ABLV, prosecutor Viorika Jirgena and Jekabs Straume, who leads Latvia's anti-corruption agency KNAB, told Reuters. Rimsevics told Reuters he denied these allegations.ABLV was shut last year when U.S. authorities accused it of money laundering and U.S. sanctions breaches, plunging the country into its worst financial crisis in a decade. Marshall Billingslea, who leads the Office of Terrorist Financing and Financial Crimes at the U.S. Treasury, will visit the country again in the coming weeks, people familiar with the matter said, highlighting Washington's continued concern about the country's progress. Corruption investigator Straume said Latvia was undertaking "thorough" reforms to avoid a so-called grey-listing in the international Moneyval audit. "We don't want to be on any list," he said. "We are a normal country." But showing how the reforms are translating into action is tough. Morten Hansen of the Stockholm School of Economics in Riga said Latvia was at a critical juncture: "This country is still struggling to prevail as a modern country."($1 = 0.8832 euros) (Reporting By John O'Donnell. Editing by Jane Merriman)LOS ANGELES — Federal prosecutors painted a picture of attorney Michael Avenatti on Thursday as a scheming operator who stole millions of dollars from clients, cheated on his taxes, lied to investigators and tried to hide money from debtors in bankruptcy proceedings.A 36-count indictment returned late Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Santa Ana, California, offered the most damning and detailed account to date of Avenatti's apparent fall from grace a year after he seized the spotlight while crusading for porn actress Stormy Daniels in her legal battles against President Donald Trump.Avenatti embezzled settlement funds and proceeds from other matters he handled for five clients and doled out small portions, sometimes labeling them as "advances" to prevent thefts from being discovered, prosecutors said."Money generated from one set of crimes was used to further other crimes," U.S. Attorney Nick Hanna told reporters. "Typically in the form of payments designed to string along victims so as to prevent Mr. Avenatti's financial house of cards from collapsing."Avenatti denied the charges on Twitter, saying he had made powerful enemies and would plead not guilty and fight the case. "I look forward to the entire truth being known as opposed to a one-sided version meant to sideline me," he tweeted.The new charges do not include a New York extortion case alleging Avenatti demanded millions to stay quiet about claims he planned to reveal about Nike paying high school players.Avenatti, 48, was arrested March 25 in New York on the Nike charge. Federal prosecutors at the time announced he also faced single counts of wire and bank fraud in Southern California, where he lives and practices law.The 61-page Southern California indictment adds dozens of counts and details charges that carry a potential prison sentence of 335 years, prosecutors said. Even if convicted of all counts, such a term is highly unlikely.Avenatti faces 10 counts of wire fraud for stealing from a paraplegic man and four other clients he allegedly deceived by taking their money and using it to fund a lifestyle that included living in multimillion-dollar homes, sponsoring an auto racing team and flying in his own private jet, authorities said. The jet was seized Wednesday by federal agents.He was also charged with 19 tax counts, including lying to an Internal Revenue Service officer, not paying personal income taxes since 2010, failing to pay taxes for his businesses, including two law firms, and pocketing payroll taxes from the Tully's Coffee chain that he owned, the indictment said.Between September 2015 and January 2018, Global Baristas US, the company that operated Tully's, failed to pay the IRS $3.2 million in payroll taxes, including nearly $2.4 million withheld from employees, the indictment said.When the IRS later put tax levies on coffee company bank accounts to collect more than $5 million, Avenatti had Tully's employees deposit cash receipts in a little-known account for his auto racing team, authorities said.Avenatti was also charged with submitting phony tax returns to get more than $4 million in loans from The Peoples Bank in Biloxi, Mississippi, in 2014. The tax returns he presented to the bank were never filed to the IRS, prosecutors said.The charges are the latest blow to a career that took off when Avenatti represented Daniels in her lawsuit to break a confidentiality agreement with Trump to stay mum about an affair they allegedly had.Avenatti became one of Trump's leading adversaries, attacking him on cable news programs and Twitter. At one point, Avenatti even considered challenging Trump in 2020.Back home, his business practices had come under scrutiny from the IRS and a former law partner owed nearly $15 million by Avenatti and the Eagan Avenatti firm, which filed for bankruptcy.Avenatti made false statements in bankruptcy proceedings by submitting forms that under-reported income such as a $1.3 million payment his firm received, the indictment said.As prosecutors outlined the charges, Avenatti appeared briefly in Los Angeles Superior Court to answer questions about money he owes attorney Jason Frank for legal work he performed.With the prospect of facing questions about money he's charged with stealing from clients, Avenatti asserted his 5th Amendment right against self-incrimination and didn't testify, according to attorneys and the court record.Andrew Stolper, the lawyer who represents Frank, said Avenatti told his client he won't get paid now that federal authorities seized his private jet.The most glaring example of deception and fraud was described in the indictment as scheming Avenatti allegedly did to deprive clients of money they were due from court settlements, legal negotiations or sales of stock and actions he took to cover his tracks.Avenatti on Thursday called theft allegations "bogus nonsense" on Twitter.Prosecutors said that in one case, Avenatti funneled a $2.75 million settlement into his bank accounts and spent $2.5 million for the private jet he co-owned.Although Avenatti was due a portion of the more than $12 million he received for the five clients, the charges said he turned over only a fraction."It is Lawyer 101: do not steal your client's money," Hanna said.Avenatti allegedly drained a $4 million settlement he negotiated in 2015 on behalf of Geoffrey Johnson, who was paralyzed after trying to kill himself in the Los Angeles County jail, the indictment said.Avenatti only provided $124,000 to Johnson, the indictment said.Two years after the settlement was reached, Avenatti allegedly helped Johnson find a real estate agent to buy a house. But when Johnson was in escrow, Avenatti falsely said he had not received the settlement funds, the indictment said.In November, when the Social Security Administration requested information to determine if Johnson should continue to receive disability benefits, Avenatti said he would respond, but didn't because he knew it could lead to the discovery of his embezzlement, the indictment said. The failure to respond led to Johnson's disability benefits being cut off in February.After Avenatti was questioned about the alleged embezzlement during a judgment-debtor examination in federal court on March 22, the indictment said he fabricated a defense for himself.Avenatti had Johnson sign a document afterward saying he was satisfied with his representation, which the lawyer told him was necessary to get the settlement that had in fact been paid four years earlier, the indictment said.Avenatti's posted a "client testimonial" Thursday from Johnson on Twitter that praised Avenatti as "an exceptional, honest and ethical attorney and I feel fortunate to have had him represent me."Johnson, who is now destitute, only realized after Avenatti's arrest the following week that he had been a victim of fraud, said attorney Joshua Robbins, who now represents him.Robbins, a former federal prosecutor, said he was surprised Avenatti posted the statement."This is the first time I've seen someone tweet out incriminating evidence in their own case the same day they were indicted," Robbins said.Love is in the air, but don’t let it cloud your judgment — or it might cost you.Americans looking for love lost at least $143 million to scammers last year, according to reports filed with the Federal Trade Commission. While those reports accounted for only 1.5 percent of all fraud tracked by the agency, no other type of scam wreaked as much financial havoc as those rooted in romance.“It’s a pretty small number of reports, but it’s No. 1 in terms of the dollar loss that consumers have reported to us. That’s really striking,” said Monica Vaca, associate director of the agency’s Division of Marketing Practices, which responds to consumer fraud.“That tells me that people really have got to be on their guard against this kind of fraud because, when people fall for it, they’re likely to lose a whole lot of money,” she said.Swindlers will often use fake or stolen identities to attract unsuspecting victims, a process known as catfishing. They lead their targets on, sometimes for long periods, building up trust only to abuse it.“Once these fraudsters have people by the heartstrings, they say they need money, often for a medical emergency or some other misfortune,” the F.T.C. explained in a blog post this week.Such deceptions, typically carried out online, have long been a concern, but the problem has worsened significantly in recent years: Americans reported just $33 million lost to so-called romance scams in 2015, according to the agency.The number of reports more than doubled over a three-year period, too, to more than 21,000 last year.While many scams take place on dating websites, some victims have reported being approached elsewhere on social media, such as on Facebook or even through online games.“The way it typically unfolds is that the scammer wants to chat privately with you,” Ms. Vaca said, adding that “they want to sort of establish that one-to-one communication.”The F.T.C. data is not representative of the greater public, Ms. Vaca noted. It reflects only the often self-reported accounts collected by the agency.For those carrying them out, the cons can be relatively lucrative. The median reported loss to romance scams last year was $2,600.People ages 40 to 69 reported losing money to romance scams at the highest rates, but those 70 and older were hardest hit, suffering a median loss of $10,000. Scam victims from the ages of 20 to 29 reported a median loss of about $1,000, the agency said.Victims often admit to sending money repeatedly for purported crises. The perpetrators often evade attempts to meet by claiming they are in the military and deployed abroad. When the time to meet does come, they may ask for help covering travel costs.Of those who shared how they lost their money, 55 percent said they had wired it to their swindlers. Just over 21 percent said they had shared gift or reloadable cards, according to the F.T.C. The remaining individuals paid with a mix that included cash or cash advances, credit cards, online payments, money orders and checks.Dating services have long been aware of the problem, and many work to educate users on how to detect deceit.“We take the issue of fraud very seriously,” Match, the dating website, said in a statement. “These scams are rare, but that doesn’t make them any less upsetting.”Match Group, which owns Match, Tinder, OkCupid and others, counts 8.2 million subscribers across all of its brands.Match uses software and a dedicated team to monitor the site for signs of deception, watching for suspicious language in profiles or stolen credit card information. The service also advises users against wiring money in a warning that it says appears on every page in a user’s inbox.The F.T.C. offered similar recommendations. Those looking for love online should never send money or gifts to anyone they haven’t yet met in real life, the agency said. They should also talk about new romantic interests with friends and family and heed any concerns they may express.Users of online dating services should try to verify information provided by those they speak with online, the agency said. And consider conducting reverse image searches of profile pictures to confirm that people aren’t using widely available photos or claiming to be someone they aren’t.“Take it slowly,” the F.T.C. said. “Ask questions and look for inconsistent answers.”[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]When Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo abruptly called off the L train shutdown, he upended years of careful planning to ensure that 275,000 displaced riders were not left stranded in an L-pocalypse.Now, even as officials forge ahead with a widely debated alternate plan, many transit advocates are calling for those contingency measures — more bus and ferry service, new bike lanes, traffic restrictions — to be put in place even with no shutdown. The planned changes, they say, are still needed in a growing city facing critical transportation challenges from congestion to a broken subway system.Why turn back, they say, when so much of the groundwork is done. Bike routes have been expanded. Bus lanes have been painted, and the skeletons of bus fare machines have been installed on sidewalks. New bus and ferry services have been announced.“What we have in front of us is a city that has to expand our transportation system,” said Ydanis Rodriguez, the chairman of the City Council’s transportation committee. “We have an opportunity to become the most pedestrian- and cyclist-friendly city in the whole nation.”But critics counter that some of the changes would turn their neighborhoods into testing grounds for transit experiments that focus largely on moving commuters, and that the plans should be re-evaluated and weighed against the safety, health and quality of life of residents.Across the country, cities are grappling with similar issues as they try to reimagine their aging and increasingly inefficient transportation networks for modern needs. Many cities have overhauled subways and buses to attract more riders, and redesigned streets to make more room for cyclists, pedestrians and green spaces. They have embraced a host of initiatives to raise money for public transportation and reduce congestion and pollution.San Francisco has transit-only lanes on 30 miles of streets and plans to add 20 more miles in the next decade. It has even highlighted some busy lanes with red paint to make them more visible to drivers, resulting in fewer cars blocking the lanes, transit officials said.Portland, Ore., is spending millions to promote walking and cycling in its downtown area, and working to make bus service faster and more reliable. It has also offered incentives to commuters to take alternative transportation, including a program that gives free transit passes to those who turn in their city-issued parking permits.“Major cities across the country face the same challenges, and they are likely to only get worse unless we take action now,” Chloe Eudaly, Portland’s transportation commissioner, said. “Investment in our active transportation infrastructure and increasing ridership on public transit is critical to preserving and maintaining the livability of our city and our planet.”In New York, there are more alternatives than ever for subway riders who tire of delays and overcrowding. Ferry routes will serve all five boroughs next year. New bus lanes are being installed at an average of seven miles a year, for a total of 111 miles so far, with city officials planning to pick up the pace. The city’s network of bike lanes has grown to 1,240 miles, including 300 miles of bike lanes added to streets since 2014 alone.But the 15-month shutdown of the L train had been the catalyst for faster and more sweeping changes. It spurred the installation of more Manhattan crosstown bike lanes — cyclists complain that there are not enough — on 12th and 13th Streets, and a bike lane on Delancey Street to keep cyclists moving on and off the Williamsburg Bridge, the city’s busiest bicycle bridge crossing with 7,300 trips per day.The city’s first “busway,” or bus-only corridor, was designed to restrict car and truck traffic on 14th Street. Officials also planned to impose high-occupancy-vehicle requirements on the Williamsburg Bridge: Private vehicles with fewer than three passengers — including taxis and ride-hailing cars — would be barred from using the bridge between 5 a.m. and 10 p.m. to make room for a fleet of new temporary buses carrying displaced L riders.Under the alternate plan backed by Mr. Cuomo, weekday L train service — including during morning and evening rush hours — will remain unchanged, and repairs will be carried out at night and on weekends, according to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.The agency plans to increase bus and subway service — including on the G, M and 7 lines — to accommodate L riders affected by the construction, but has not yet released specific details. Shams Tarek, an M.T.A. spokesman, said no final decisions had been made on other specific plans or services in the previous shutdown plan.An M.T.A. draft memo obtained recently by Streetsblog NYC suggested that there would no longer be a need for the temporary buses over the Williamsburg Bridge and the new ferry service. Mr. Tarek said the memo was outdated and that options were still being studied.Veronique Hakim, the M.T.A.’s managing director, said the agency was seeking public input and working with city officials to come up with a new plan “serving the needs of our customers while being sensitive to local communities.” The plan would be constantly monitored and adjusted as needed, she added.“New Yorkers can be certain that the alternate service plan for the new and improved L project will include additional transportation options designed to accommodate every affected L customer,” she said.[Can you name an M.T.A. board member? No, really. Name one.]Still, Joseph P. Schwieterman, a professor of public service at DePaul University, said that without the pressure of a looming shutdown, “there is now a risk that momentum will be lost,” adding that “planning for bus lanes, better ferries and more bike options is hard enough without sudden shifts in policy.”City officials would not answer questions about whether specific contingency measures would go forward or the costs incurred in planning for the shutdown.Mayor Bill de Blasio said at a recent news conference that the city was evaluating the new L train plan to decide “if there’s anything that we were planning that is no longer needed because of the L train, but that we might want to do anyway.”The mayor has made improving bus service a priority, and many transit advocates said he could start by keeping the new bus lanes that are already on the ground.“It would be lame to peel a bus lane off after pledging in his state of the city to get bus riders moving,” Jon Orcutt, a former city transportation official, said. “These are standing city policies and — L train shutdown or no L train shutdown — they should continue to be city policies and programs.”Even without a shutdown, commuters will need backup options during “the great L train slowdown” on nights and weekends, said Danny Pearlstein, a spokesman for the Riders Alliance, a grass-roots group of transit riders. He added, “We can’t just go back to the norm and pretend nothing’s happening.”The uncertainty about the alternate plan has also raised concerns among New Yorkers. On the Lower East Side, residents had braced for more gridlock and air pollution from the temporary buses over the Williamsburg Bridge. Now they do not know what to expect. Susan Stetzer, the manager of a local community board, said she remained concerned “about all the unknowns.”The 14th Street Coalition, which represents more than two dozen residential buildings, block associations and businesses in the West Village, Chelsea and Flatiron neighborhoods, has called for officials to abandon the plans for a busway and wider pedestrian areas on 14th Street — which in some places would narrow the street to two lanes from four lanes — and restrictions that would divert car and truck traffic to nearby streets. Some residents also want the crosstown bike lanes on 12th and 13th Streets removed.Judy Pesin, 66, a member of the coalition, said the 14th Street changes would restrict deliveries to homes and businesses, slow down emergency vehicles, and make it harder for older people, parents with young children and those with disabilities to access cars.“Clearly the change in plans means it’s time to listen to the community,’’ she said, “because the commuters are still going to have a moving L train.”As I got off a train in Manhattan on Wednesday, I paid little attention to a flutter out of the corner of my eye on the subway. Then another passenger told me that I had dropped some money.“That isn’t mine,” I told her as I glanced at what turned out to be $90 on the ground.I realized the flutter had been the money falling out of the coat of a man standing near me who had just stepped off the train.The doors were about to close, and no one was acting, so I grabbed the cash and left the train. But I was too late. The man had disappeared into the crowd. I waited a few minutes to see if he would return, but he was long gone. I tried to find a transit employee or police officer, but none were in sight.I was running late, so I left. But now what? What are you supposed to do with money that isn’t yours?Note: Are you the mystery man? If so, email me at niraj.chokshi@nytimes.com with as many corroborating details as you can, including 1) the subway line 2) the stop 3) the time 4) the denominations of the bills and 5) your general appearance, including your coat and its color.The philosophical takeEthicists generally approach moral questions like this in one of three ways, according to Andrew L. McFarland, a professor of philosophy at LaGuardia Community College in Queens.One approach, credited to Immanuel Kant, is focused on motive: I should return the money because it’s my moral duty to do so, period.“Kant says, ‘Look, it seems to be that what makes this the right thing to do is doing it because it’s the right thing to do, not because you’re worried about the possible repercussions,’” Mr. McFarland said.That contrasts with the second approach, which is concerned with the consequences. What will happen if I return the money? What if I donate it to a charity instead? Under that approach, I might act in a way that I believe will produce the most good and alleviate suffering.The third and final approach, whose intellectual forebears include Aristotle and Confucius, focuses on virtue. Under that approach, I would act neither out of duty nor fear of consequences, but by my sense of what is right. I might seek out the advice of my most moral friend: What would a person who is virtuous do?In the end, though, Mr. McFarland told me what he tells his students: These approaches only offer guidance on how to think about a problem.“Ultimately, you’ve got to figure out what you’re going to do on your own,” he said.What the law saysThe law is more prescriptive, even if most have no clue what it says, according to Bruce Green, a professor and director of the Louis Stein Center for Law and Ethics at Fordham Law School.“The question is, ‘Does the law accord with people’s ordinary moral and societal intuitions?’” said Mr. Green, who is also the chairman of the New York City Bar Association’s Professional Ethics Committee.“Because nobody’s going to know to look up the law unless somebody gets a call from a reporter,” he added.Mr. Green was gracious enough to do just that and here’s what he found: Under Section 252 of New York personal property law, any person who finds an item worth $20 or more has 10 days to return it to the owner or report it to the authorities. Fail to do so, and you face a maximum fine of $100 and up to six months in prison. (Yikes!)“I don’t think anyone’s going to prosecute you,” Mr. Green assured me. He also offered a recommendation in case I wanted to keep the cash: “Don’t write a piece about it because that’s pretty inculpatory.” Noted.[Sign up for the Morning Briefing newsletter for a look at what you need to know to begin your day.]Time to actI want to return the money, so that leaves me with a few options as the deadline approaches.One of them should be obvious by now. As a reporter at The New York Times, I have access to a huge platform through which I can spread the news. Hey, guy, I have your money!For most people in this situation, though, the best option is to turn the money over to a transit official or a police officer.Station agents, train conductors or bus drivers who receive lost items or money typically collect as much information about the item as possible and provide a receipt to the person turning it in, according to Sarah Meyer, the chief customer officer for New York City Transit.The lost item is then taken to the New York City Transit Lost Property Unit at Penn Station.“It’s carried by the same system that collects money out of vending machines, so it’s very secure and always accompanied by armed personnel,” Ms. Meyer said.The transit agency keeps the items for anywhere from six months to three years, depending on their value. After that, the items are auctioned off with proceeds going to the transit agency’s coffers. Last year, the agency returned about $127,000 in lost cash to owners.The New York Police Department follows a similar procedure for lost items, though the person who turns in money or a valuable item may be able to keep it if it goes unclaimed.Ideally, this article will mean a happy conclusion for the man who lost the money. If I don’t find him within 10 days, I’ll turn the cash over to the authorities.Senator Elizabeth Warren on Monday escalated her presidential campaign’s battle against big money in politics, announcing that her bid for the Democratic nomination will forgo traditional fund-raising methods meant to cultivate a candidate’s relationships with the wealthy.The Massachusetts senator said she would no longer hold the private fund-raisers and one-on-one meetings with big donors that have become typical for Democrats and Republicans.“That means no fancy receptions or big money fund-raisers only with people who can write the big checks,” Ms. Warren said in a morning email to supporters. “It means that wealthy donors won’t be able to purchase better seats or one-on-one time with me at our events. And it means I won’t be doing ‘call time,’ which is when candidates take hours to call wealthy donors to ask for their support.”Ms. Warren made the announcement as the Democratic primary to oppose President Trump’s re-election bid begins to take shape, and candidates in the crowded field are trying to find ways to distinguish themselves. Ms. Warren, who rose to prominence as a harsh critic of big corporations and unrestrained capitalism, has attempted to push the field in that direction, announcing expansive, liberal ideas on money and wealth more than a year before the first votes are cast.They include a recently announced plan for universal child care and a tax on the wealthiest Americans.[Make sense of the people, issues and ideas shaping American politics with our newsletter.]Since Ms. Warren was unlikely to receive the majority of support from big donors, the announcement’s most important function could be its political impact. In a crowded field where the slightest factor could influence a voter’s decision, Ms. Warren is seeking to separate herself from other Democrats in the race, including Senator Kamala Harris of California and Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, who have both benefited from high-priced fund-raising events and could now be under more pressure to disavow them.“The wealthy and well-connected have been taught by politicians to expect that more money buys more access — they’ve done it for generations,” Ms. Warren said in her email, “and it too often closes out women and communities of color. We have to do things differently.”[Who’s in, who’s out and who’s still thinking: We’re tracking the Democratic candidates.]The announcement comes as Ms. Warren experiences fund-raising struggles of her own. Last week, as Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont — an ardent progressive like Ms. Warren — boasted a historic fund-raising haul in the first 24 hours after his announcement, Ms. Warren sent multiple emails to her supporters warning them of lagging totals.In the email, which had the subject line “We’re falling short,” Ms. Warren seemed to acknowledge that her campaign would never match the money raised by those of her rivals.“We will be outraised. We will be outspent,” she said. “We just can’t let ourselves be drowned out.”[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]They measure 24 feet wide and 42 feet high, which makes them taller than a telephone pole but three feet shorter than the letters in the Hollywood sign.The two photographs, according to the recently divorced and newly remarried man who had them installed last week on one of the tallest residential buildings in the Western Hemisphere, are “a proclamation of love.”That man is the real estate developer Harry Macklowe, who is pictured in one of the photographs and was married for the second time on Thursday after a contentious 14-week divorce trial. His new wife, the woman in the other photograph, is Patricia Landeau, the president of the French Friends of the Israel Museum. Mr. Macklowe built the building where the images appear, 432 Park Avenue.Mr. Macklowe, 81, said on Saturday that he had bid $2,000 at a charity auction for photographs by Studio Harcourt in Paris. He loved the results — “My wife looks gorgeous, and I love the picture of me,” he said on Saturday — and began thinking about ways to show them off.“Since I wasn’t getting married during the summer in the Hamptons,” he said, “I wasn’t able to hire an airplane with a banner to go up and down the shoreline. I thought: ‘I own a building. Why don’t I just hang a banner from my own building?’”So he did. A sign company printed the images on polyester mesh and placed them on the so-called Park Avenue Cube, a white-glass structure that is part of 432 Park Avenue and is to be occupied by the auction house Phillips. The images look out from the northwest corner of Park Avenue and East 56th Street.It did not take long for the tabloids to notice. “Macklowe puts new wife’s pic on Park Ave. bldg. where ex nixed apt,” The New York Post wrote.“Ex” was a reference to Mr. Macklowe’s first wife, Linda. They were married for more than 50 years before a public breakup in 2016 that preceded the divorce trial.It ended in December when Justice Laura Drager of State Supreme Court in Manhattan ordered their $2 billion fortune divided. That means selling what the judge called “an internationally renowned collection” of modern art they had amassed over the years. It includes works by Jean-Michel Basquiat, Alberto Giacometti, Pablo Picasso and Andy Warhol.Linda Macklowe, an honorary trustee of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and a vice president and trustee of the Guggenheim Museum, was not required to go through with the planned purchase of an apartment in the building that is now adorned by the images of Mr. Macklowe and his new wife.The first Ms. Macklowe had had a contract to buy the apartment on the 78th floor of 432 Park Avenue, but another court had permitted her to exit the deal, according to the judge in the divorce settlement. The divorce court awarded Linda Macklowe the couple’s condominium in the Plaza Hotel — created by joining seven apartments they bought in 2007 and valued by the court at $72 million — but gave Mr. Macklowe a $36 million credit on it.Mr. Macklowe said on Saturday that some of his male friends had told him their wives now wanted the big-picture treatment. He said some of his female friends had said the same thing. “I got an email from a neighbor across the street who said, ‘I want my husband to do this for me for Valentine’s Day,’” he said.If the photographs are like an art installation, the reviews from passers-by on Park Avenue were mixed.“If you have the money and you want to do it, go ahead,” said Halle Mae Nottage, a college student from Kailua-Kona, Hawaii. “But it’s devastating to see people spend such money on such shallow things when there are bigger and more pressing issues on which money can be spent.”Teya Goakey, a graphic design student from Port Angeles, Wash., said she would not want her portrait on the side of a building. “It’s weird to see,” she said, “and I feel like if I had that kind of money, I wouldn’t need the whole of New York City see my and my other half’s face on the side of a building. That’s a private thing. I wouldn’t need the whole city to know of my wedding.”Allen Gross of the Bronx was unimpressed. “He could have done something much better,” he said, “something that would attract people’s attention.”“That’s not going to do it,” he said, looking up at the two photographs and apparently concluding that they were too discreet.But Eric Torres, who delivers groceries for FreshDirect, said he would do the same thing if he had the money — and a wife.“Is it pointless?” he asked. “It’s 50-50 on that one. The simple fact is, if the marriage doesn’t work out, he just wasted a lot of money.”The newlyweds’ love may be everlasting, but the photographs will not be. Mr. Macklowe said he had not decided how long the images would adorn the building.We don’t know what will emerge as President Trump’s plan to replace Obamacare, which he has promised to unveil immediately after the 2020 elections. But he has recently endorsed several proposals, and they could provide clues.Over the last two weeks, he has sought to re-emphasize health care as an issue, after a set of bruising legislative defeats in 2017. He directed the Justice Department not to defend the Affordable Care Act against a legal challenge. And he issued statements and tweets calling for Republicans to become “the party of health care,” at a moment when many of his party’s leaders had hoped to focus on different issues.He also began reprising various promises about what a future plan to repeal and replace parts of the Affordable Care Act might achieve. The plan, short on specifics, will come with “far lower premiums (costs) & deductibles,” he said this week in a series of tweets. He promised that any Republican health plan would protect Americans with pre-existing health conditions, a major concern of voters that Democrats effectively exploited in the 2018 midterm elections.After his election, President Trump made similar promises, saying that the Republican proposal would be “far less expensive and far better” than Obamacare. The legislation that came later, and earned his endorsement, would have made insurance less expensive, but only for certain groups of young, high-income, healthy Americans. The bills would have also eliminated coverage for millions of people by scaling back Medicaid, and would have made it harder for those with pre-existing illnesses — and those who are older with low incomes — to find meaningful affordable options if they didn’t get insurance from work.The three senators he has chosen to lead the effort — Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, John Barrasso of Wyoming and Rick Scott of Florida — have so far also declined to point to many specifics. When asked about an Obamacare replacement this week, they mentioned their more modest bills to reduce health care costs in the emergency room and at the drugstore. (A fourth senator the president has mentioned, the majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, has been even more clear that he has little interest in pursuing comprehensive health care legislation.)One clue to Mr. Trump’s thinking is the choice of Mr. Cassidy. Along with Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, he was the author of a legislative plan that received some scrutiny in 2017 but never came up for a vote. Another hint can be found in the president’s own budget, released just before his reinvigorated health care push. A third is a draft proposal developed by a group of conservative Washington policy groups.The Graham-Cassidy billThe president has spoken fondly several times about this proposal, which did not have enough support in Congress to advance to a vote. It would eliminate current programs funding Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion, which covers the working poor, and insurance subsidies helping low- and middle-income Americans buy their insurance. Instead, that money would be grouped together, then parceled out to states to use in the service of health care programs they favor.The legislation attaches some rules to how the money can be used — it must go toward health care, for example — but its main goal is to provide states with maximum flexibility to develop local and innovative solutions. (Some experts worry that states could struggle to develop such plans on the bill’s abbreviated timetable.)That flexibility would allow states, if they so chose, to waive Obamacare’s rules that plans must cover a standard set of medical benefits, and that insurers must charge the same prices to customers with different health histories. It would be easy for states to circumvent current protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions. That ability would be at odds with the president’s recent promises to protect such rules. The bill would also restructure the Medicaid program, even for populations that were enrolled in the program before Obamacare.The bill’s formula for allocating money among the states would also lead to big redistributions, generally taking money away from states that have expanded Medicaid, toward those that have not. It would also restrict the growth of the block grants over time. Those funding formulas, while technical, make a big difference in the impact of the program. It would result in substantial funding shortfalls for several large states nearly immediately, and leave nearly every state in a funding crunch over the long term.The budgetBecause the 2020 White House budget was developed and published by the White House itself, it is perhaps the most useful clue about how the president imagines a world without Obamacare. Like the Graham-Cassidy proposal, it includes block grants to the states to replace the Obamacare coverage expansion, and it replaces the remainder of Medicaid with a set of fixed payments to states.But the rate at which the different grants would grow over time would be even smaller than under the legislation, “to make the system more efficient.”The budget is vague about what sorts of insurance regulations would be allowed, but it does note that a tenth of funds would need to be set aside for people with pre-existing conditions, a sign that states would be allowed to exclude such people from the mainstream insurance markets.The conservative coalition proposalA group of conservative health policy experts, including the Heritage Foundation, has developed a health care proposal that shares a basic structure with the two systems described above: It would hand states blocks of money and a few rules, and encourage them to develop their own health care systems.The rules in the conservative plan differ a bit from those in Graham-Cassidy. The plan would require that government-subsidized systems offer every American a choice of a private health plan, a requirement that would probably foreclose a liberal state from enacting a single-payer program and that might require restructuring of some state-run Medicaid programs.The plan shies away from specifying funding formulas. It doesn’t say how the block of money should be divvied up among the states, though it says that states with more low-income residents should get a bigger share. It also doesn’t specify precisely how quickly the pot of money should grow over time.Like the budget proposal, it nods to concerns about Americans with pre-existing conditions by encouraging states to develop special programs, like high-risk pools, to insure people with expensive health needs. But it also encourages insurance strategies, like discounts for young customers, or stripped-down benefit plans, that would tend to make mainstream insurance less useful for people with serious health needs.The proposal also leaves the legacy Medicaid program as is. That choice neutralizes one possible political line of attack. But it also substantially diminishes the program’s possible cost savings.The court case over the Affordable Care Act will be decided on the judiciary’s timetable, so it’s not clear how long the White House may have to develop a replacement plan. But, since it certainly has at least months, there is time to develop some new proposal more aligned with the president’s recent promises.Doing so will not be easy, however. Health care in the United States is expensive, which means that health plans that cover everyone with low deductibles are likely to be costly. The block grant plans the president has admired reduce rather than increase current federal spending on health care. Looser rules on health insurance are likely to increase costs on customers unfortunate enough to need care. That makes the block-grant approach a troublesome fit with the president’s stated desire for a system that Americans find “far less expensive & much more usable than Obamacare.”WASHINGTON — President Trump has decided to roll out the big cannon.In the Rose Garden on Friday, he said he was declaring a national emergency to build a wall on the border with Mexico, using money from other federal accounts, after Congress declined to authorize sufficient funds to satisfy him in legislation that averts another government shutdown.Mr. Trump is wielding extraordinary power to get his way. Democrats strenuously dispute that there is a national security crisis on the border that warrants using the kind of presidential authority that in the past has been used for grave matters like the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.Here are six takeaways from Mr. Trump’s action.Trump will go to almost any length to appease his baseRepublicans in Congress, including Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, were fine with the spending deal that they reached with Democrats to keep the government open.But more hard-line elements within the party scalded Mr. Trump with criticism, including the Fox host Laura Ingraham and the conservative commentator Ann Coulter. But as The New York Times reported early Friday, the president felt cornered into accepting the deal and agreed to it only with Mr. McConnell’s promise to support an emergency declaration.Still, the White House assuaged some other skeptics of the funding deal, namely Sean Hannity on Fox and the radio host Rush Limbaugh, both of whom in effect announced the president’s decision in advance and encouraged their followers to fall in line.Mr. Trump is willing to risk the blowback, even from members of his party, and a possible court defeat, if it means he can tell his core supporters that he did all he could to build the wall.Democrats probably can’t stop him, but they can make it awkwardDemocrats cannot stop the president from issuing the declaration, but they can make it very uncomfortable for Republicans.They can vote to terminate the president’s declaration on the grounds that there is no emergency — there is strong sentiment among Democrats to do that — which would force Republicans in the Senate to make a tough vote over Mr. Trump’s extraordinary exercise of power.Already, Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, has been sharply critical of the president using his authority this way, and fellow Republican Senators Marco Rubio of Florida and Rand Paul of Kentucky also have been highly skeptical. Mr. Paul called it “extraconstitutional.”So the president’s action will force Republicans to decide whether to back him — and then set a precedent for a future Democratic president to use power this way — or embarrass Mr. Trump with a vote that could undo his declaration. The president could veto the resolution, and the declaration would likely remain in place because there would not be sufficient votes to override it, but his standing would be undermined.Pulling money from elsewhere could make new enemiesMr. Trump has to find money from other federal programs to make up a $4 billion shortfall from his initial demand for border wall funding. He can do this by taking money from funding for projects.The declaration enables Mr. Trump to divert $3.6 billion budgeted for military construction projects, and he will also tap into $2.5 billion from counternarcotics programs and $600 million from a Treasury Department asset forfeiture fund. All told, that leaves him with about $8 billion for the wall, including the $1.375 billion authorized by Congress in the spending package that averts a government shutdown.Each of those pots of money comes with a specific constituency that authorized it in the first place, and those constituencies may not be pleased to see it used for another purpose.What about a court challenge?With this declaration, a court challenge is a near certainty. A party opposing the president will probably seek an injunction — a halt in the action — while the matter is litigated. Yet every day that the wall is not built could undermine Mr. Trump’s fundamental premise that there is an emergency at the border.The challenges are likely to be many, in jurisdictions from coast to coast, increasing the chances that new construction would not start any time soon.Watch how Nancy Pelosi respondsSpeaker Nancy Pelosi of California has been among the few Democrats who seem to be able to stare down the president.In this case, she has offered a not-so-subtle warning about what she sees as an abuse of the emergency authority. She pointed to the mass shootings in the United States, and noted that perhaps the president should issue a national emergency about guns.That could be a mere preview of how she and the Democrats will frame the case against the president, starting with the idea that he has abused his constitutional authority.After his speech on Friday, Ms. Pelosi and Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, vowed to try to overturn the decision.“This is plainly a power grab by a disappointed president, who has gone outside the bounds of the law to try to get what he failed to achieve in the constitutional legislative process,” they said in a joint statement.Expect to hear a lot from Ms. Pelosi about a basic tenet of American government, that Congress is a coequal branch of government that is not cowed by presidential whim.Trump may have undercut his own caseThe president’s penchant for improvisation may not have served him well. In making his case for a national emergency, Mr. Trump said that he could have waited, but he did not want to, so he declared an emergency.“I could do the wall over a longer period of time,” the president said. “I didn’t need to do this but I’d rather do it much faster.”Then he noted that he had so much money from the legislation that averted a shutdown that money was not really an issue.”We have so much money, we don’t know what to do with it,” Mr. Trump said. “I don’t know what to do with all the money they’re giving us. It’s crazy. “Those two admissions could be the foundation of a legal challenge to his national emergency declaration.Distressed America is Wall Street’s hottest new investment vehicle.Hedge funds, investment banks and money managers are trying to raise tens of billions of dollars this year for so-called opportunity funds, a creation of President Trump’s 2017 tax package meant to steer money to poor areas by offering potentially large tax breaks.Little noticed at first, the provision has unleashed a flurry of investment activity by wealthy families, some of Wall Street’s biggest investors and other investors who want to put money into projects ostensibly meant to help struggling Americans. The ranks of those starting such funds include Anthony Scaramucci, the New York hedge fund executive who served briefly as Mr. Trump’s communications director.More than 80 of the funds have sprung up since January 2018, even though the Trump administration has not finalized regulations governing them. Managers of the funds are seeking to raise huge sums of money by pitching investors on a combination of outsize returns and a feel-good role in fighting poverty.The flood of capital is raising hopes as well as concerns. Those who championed the provision, which provides for a hefty tax break on long-term investments, believe the money can help distressed towns and neighborhoods that are still feeling the effects of the financial crisis and have barely benefited from the nine-year economic expansion. Skeptics worry that the funds will mostly target real estate and other projects that probably would have attracted investment even without the tax break, and may not deliver the returns being dangled.“I don’t think these are going to have the impact that people think they are,” said Lawrin Van Keuren, who oversees real estate investments for the money management firm controlled by the family of Fred Hayman, a founder of the luxury retailer Giorgio Beverly Hills. “We are in a wait-and-see mode.”The provision that created the funds was added to the tax law by Senator Tim Scott, Republican of South Carolina, and had been supported by Democrats and Republicans in previous legislation. It lowers capital gains taxes — potentially dramatically — for investors who finance projects in about 8,700 so-called opportunity zones spread across the 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico.Local officials selected the zones from a group of areas deemed eligible for the designation under a federal formula that factors in income and poverty levels. The federal government has not finished setting guidelines for what types of projects qualify or what information fund managers must provide to investors and to the government.The designated areas include heavily distressed tracts in cities like Detroit and Gary, Ind. But some zones are in gentrifying areas like the old downtown section of Las Vegas and parts of Long Island City, Queens, where Amazon said it would build a huge corporate campus before reversing course last week.The advent of the funds has spawned conferences around the country and has drawn interest from a variety of financial players. So far, most of the funds have focused on real estate investments. Many of the Wall Street funds are geared toward major metropolitan areas on the East and West Coasts, particularly New York City. That has fueled concern that the tax break could help regions that already enjoy substantial investment.Some impact investors — whose aim is to make money while funding projects that bring about social or economic benefits — are targeting their funds toward areas in the Southeast and industrial Midwest. And several impact investors are working with philanthropists to try to establish accountability standards for the funds that the federal government does not yet require, to address issues like the quality of jobs created in poor areas. The goal for impact investors in opportunity funds is to steer money to small businesses and other development that communities actually need, and not just to finance things that provide wealthy investors with the highest returns, like high-end hotels or condos.“I believe it really can be a great model to demonstrate the holistic, community-informed investments that can transform these distressed communities, while earning returns,” said Jim Sorenson, an entrepreneur based in Utah. Mr. Sorenson, who hosts an annual gathering of impact investors in Salt Lake City, devoted much of this year’s meeting, in February, to discussing the potential benefits of the zones. He joined several groups in announcing an effort to create a “guiding set of principles” for making such investments.Fran Seegull, the executive director of the U.S. Impact Investing Alliance and a conference attendee, emphasized the importance of laying out such principles early.“First movers will really shape the market,” Ms. Seegull said. “Those of us that care about community engagement, community solutions and metrics feel that it’s important to set the tone” for other investors.The concept of opportunity-zone funds is also captivating Wall Street. Its inclusion in the tax law was celebrated by some big technology investors seeking ways to capitalize on stock market winnings while keeping their tax bills low.The law permits an investor to roll over capital gains — proceeds from the sale of stocks or a home, for instance — into an opportunity-zone fund. The fund can then put the money in a zone by investing in, say, a condo project or affordable-housing units.An investor who keeps money in a such a fund for 10 years is able to exclude 15 percent of the original capital gain from taxation. And — potentially much more lucratively — the investor would not owe taxes on any gains that accrued if the investment increased in value in that time.Firms that have started such funds or are considering doing so include the major real estate development company Starwood Capital; EJF Capital, a hedge fund based in Arlington, Va.; and the real estate investment firm GTIS Partners. The biggest opportunity-zone fund announced so far is a $5 billion fund by CIM Group, a large real estate investment firm and property manager.The National Council of State Housing Agencies, which is tracking opportunity-zone funds, found that money managers and nonprofits had so far sought to raise over $18 billion, not including the CIM Group’s venture.This month, the real estate company Cushman & Wakefield began seeking investors for two apartment complexes planned for opportunity zones in San Juan, P.R. The company, which projects a rate of return on investment of 29 to 37 percent over five years, said it had received expressions of interest from over 100 investors.Joseph Douek, an investment manager who is also a member of the City Planning Commission in New York, hopes to raise $75 million for a new fund that will invest in housing developments in Brooklyn. Mr. Douek said he did not believe his roles as a fund manager and a planning commissioner member presented a conflict of interest. He said a conflict would arise only if a development project needed approval from the planning commission, something he did not expect he would need.Potential investors are looking beyond the coasts. McNally Capital, a Chicago investment firm backed by some heirs of the Rand McNally map company, is considering financing housing developments in the South and Midwest.One investor who has seized on the opportunity-zone-fund provision is Mr. Scaramucci, well known on Wall Street as a self-promoter who holds a glitzy annual hedge fund conference in Las Vegas. SkyBridge Capital, his investment firm, is aggressively pitching what it has billed as a $3 billion portfolio that will invest across the country.The fund, organized as a real estate investment trust, has gotten off to a rocky start. Just weeks after it was formally started in late December, it lost one of its partners, EJF Capital. Mr. Scaramucci then brought in Westport Capital Advisors, a real estate investing firm, to manage the fund. Despite the turmoil, dozens of potential investors attended a forum this month at the Manhattan offices of the law firm K&L Gates to hear Mr. Scaramucci discuss the benefits of opportunity zones.An initial marketing document for Mr. Scaramucci’s fund advertises the prospect of “meaningful social benefits” from investing in opportunity zones, including job creation and reduced poverty. It also details how a hypothetical investor could earn a return over 10 years that is triple what she would get from a similar fund that did not offer the new tax advantage.Brett Messing, SkyBridge’s president, said the projected return was “just math” that was not unique to the SkyBridge fund. He said the key to achieving that number was finding the right projects to invest in.“You’ve got to make money,” said Mr. Messing. “You have to generate gains and you have to preserve the tax benefits.”SAN FRANCISCO — Technology companies rarely make money before they go public. Twitter was unprofitable when it listed on the stock market. So were Snap, Spotify and SurveyMonkey.For Uber, the question as the ride-hailing giant prepares for a public offering is even bigger than whether it can make money. That’s because the company, the most prominent tech start-up of its generation, will set the bar for other well-known tech companies like Slack and Lyft as they also stampede toward the stock market this year.So far, Uber is not doing itself any favors on profits.The company reported on Friday that it had narrowed its net loss in the fourth quarter of 2018 from a year earlier. But excluding certain one-time items, including the sale of some of its businesses, Uber’s losses for the quarter rose 88 percent from the previous year, to $842 million.The losses were a result of Uber’s increasing its spending as it tries to outmuscle competitors, many of which have intensified their efforts to add riders and drivers. Uber has responded by offering bigger incentives and more promotions to fend off rivals like DoorDash, Lyft and other ride-hailing and food-delivery services.Uber made its financial disclosure as it hurtles toward what is set to be one of the biggest-ever public offerings by a tech company. A transportation colossus, Uber was privately valued at more than $70 billion last year, and proposals from investment bankers suggest that it could be worth as much as $120 billion after going public. The share sale will create enormous windfalls for Uber’s many investors, and for its founders and early employees.As a private company, Uber is not required to disclose financial results. But it has regularly done so over the past two years to inform investors about its business, and perhaps to keep the depth of its losses from coming as a surprise later.The latest set of figures, probably Uber’s last as a private company, will be closely scrutinized. Many investors initially give young and fast-growing tech start-ups a pass for losing money, but questions about whether such companies can ultimately be profitable eventually catch up with them. Investors criticized Twitter for racking up losses before it finally began to make money last year, and they have pushed down Snap’s share price since its public offering, partly because the company is still deeply unprofitable.In a statement, Uber’s chief financial officer, Nelson Chai, did not address the company’s losses. He said Uber had “maintained category leadership” in its ride-hailing business, and he noted other bright spots, including the company’s freight-management business and nascent e-bike and scooter program.Uber has a long history of spending large sums of money. Ride-hailing is inherently an expensive business that requires companies to expand into new markets for growth, pay to recruit drivers and lower prices to grab business away from competitors.Dara Khosrowshahi, Uber’s chief executive, has been under pressure to pare its losses, and the company has pulled out of money-losing markets like Russia and Southeast Asia.Some of the company’s losses have been overshadowed by its explosive growth. In 2018, Uber increased its total bookings — what it charges customers for rides and food delivery — to $50 billion, up 45 percent from 2017. Net revenue was $11.3 billion, a 43 percent increase.The company’s net revenue for last year’s fourth quarter was $3 billion, a 25 percent increase from a year earlier, and its gross bookings jumped 37 percent, to $14.2 billion. The company has $6.4 billion in cash, and its net loss was $865 million.But Uber’s profit margins have declined as it cut prices to match competitors and spent money on expanding its food-delivery business, Uber Eats. The margins are also smaller on Uber Eats orders because the company pays commissions to restaurants as well as delivery drivers.Uber’s self-driving car program, which will probably not yield revenue for years, continues to burn cash. The company returned its autonomous vehicles to public roads in December after a 10-month hiatus, which was prompted when one of its vehicles  fatally struck a pedestrian in Arizona.It seemed like a straightforward question: Should Houston firefighters be paid the same as the city’s police officers? Almost 60 percent of voters said yes.But now, four months after that vote in November, the mayor of Houston is threatening to lay off up to 400 firefighters to pay for the raises mandated by the ballot measure.The fight over the citizen-driven charter amendment, known as Proposition B, has exploded into what one expert called a “blood feud” between the mayor, Sylvester Turner, and the union for one of the nation’s largest fire departments, for which the proposed cut would mean about a 10 percent reduction in staff.Beyond Houston, the situation offers a stark example of the perils of ballot initiatives while providing fuel for employers who warn that higher pay will lead to job cuts.“You’ve got well-intentioned voters who wanted to give the firefighters a raise, and now you’ve got a crisis of how to pay for it,” Brandon Rottinghaus, a professor of political science at the University of Houston, said Monday. “Voters knew part of the story but maybe not the full story. You cannot describe the impact legally or financially in the space available on the ballot.”In a letter to Houstonians this month, Mr. Turner said that because no funding source was included in Proposition B and the city is required to balance its books by June 30 of each year, officials had been left with three options: Push the raise through and cut elsewhere; challenge the measure in state court; or negotiate with the union to phase in raises over multiple years. “As mayor, I have made sure the city is pursuing all three paths,” Mr. Turner said.Raising taxes isn’t an option, either. The mayor’s office has said the city cannot fund the pay increase that way because voters imposed an annual cap on tax revenue in 2004. Officials have estimated that the pay increase brought on by the ballot measure would amount to a 29 percent raise on average that would cost the city at least $100 million per year. Firefighters previously rejected a 4 percent raise and a 9.5 percent raise over three years, a spokesman for the mayor’s office said Monday.“We love and respect our firefighters and want them to be appropriately compensated,” the mayor’s letter said. “Having said that, I don’t believe the voters intended to place our city in financial turmoil, cause our credit rating to tumble and increase the costs of city debt.”The firefighters’ union, the Houston Professional Fire Fighters Association, Local 341, has called the mayor “vindictive” and questioned why, in recent years, the city has spent large sums of money on raises for the police, apparently with less concern about the budget. The union says it believes that firefighters hired after 2015 would be vulnerable to the proposed cuts, and that about a quarter of the city’s fire stations would be closed or have insufficient staffing as a result.“Mayor Sylvester Turner’s hatred of firefighters and defiance of Prop B voters will have terrible consequences for us and for the public,” the union said in a statement on Facebook. “He’s willing to destroy public safety in Houston to punish firefighter families. Houston is about to have a fire department that is below national safety standards. A world-class fire department is being destroyed from within by third-rate politicians.”One councilman, Dwight Boykins, has proposed a monthly garbage fee aimed at raising revenue that could reduce the number of layoffs, his chief of staff said. Professor Rottinghaus said there were indeed ways the city could come up with the money without raising taxes, but he noted that Mr. Turner is up for re-election and that in general, Houston residents already feel overtaxed.It is possible that the mayor’s decision to target the fire department with cuts is retaliatory, Professor Rottinghaus said. But regardless, he said, Proposition B presents “a potential fiscal nightmare” and “will lead to belt tightening across the city.”In 2017, Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase’s chief executive, declared Bitcoin a “fraud” and said that any employee caught trading it would be fired for being “stupid.”On Thursday, JPMorgan became the first major United States bank to introduce its own digital token for real-world use, the latest step in Wall Street’s evolving approach to the blockchain technology that underpins cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ether.Despite questioning Bitcoin’s legitimacy, Mr. Dimon has said he recognizes blockchain’s potential in the future of the global financial system. And JPMorgan has already released a blockchain platform, Quorum, that several institutions are using to keep track of financial data.With the announcement of its coin, JPMorgan is widening its experiment and moving to make the idea of digital currencies more palatable to its typically risk-averse corporate customers.“Clients engaged us, saying they need a way to move money onto the blockchain,” Umar Farooq, who leads JPMorgan’s blockchain efforts, said in a telephone interview.The bank’s token is unlikely to shake up the financial system anytime soon. Because it will be run by JPMorgan, it lacks the fundamental qualities that have made cryptocurrencies so radical: the freedom from middlemen and from regulatory oversight.JPMorgan will control the JPM Coin ledger, and each coin will be backed by a dollar in JPMorgan accounts, giving the coins a stable value. That means JPM Coin will not be subject to the wild price volatility that has drawn speculators to other cryptocurrencies.The bank is following in the footsteps of several smaller players that have introduced similar digital coins tied to the dollar. A consortium of European banks has been finalizing a similar product, Utility Settlement Coin, that would make it possible to move money between banks more quickly. Several cryptocurrency exchanges already have their own so-called stablecoins.JPMorgan’s version will be less useful than other similar products because it will not be possible to move it outside the firm’s own systems, at least initially. What’s more, it is still just being tested and is not available to clients yet.But the entry of a major Wall Street bank into the market shows the mundane ways in which cryptocurrency technology has begun to gain traction in the traditional financial system a year after the prices of Bitcoin and other digital tokens crashed in spectacular fashion.The firm said it began working last year on what became JPM Coin to help its big customers, including major corporations and other banks, move money quickly and securely. (JPMorgan says it provides banking services for about 80 percent of Fortune 500 companies.)Essentially, when customers want to move dollars using the bank’s blockchain system, money in their JPMorgan accounts will be converted into JPM Coins, each one backed by a dollar in JPMorgan’s accounts.The token will be able to move nearly instantaneously on the coin’s ledger, which will initially be based on JPMorgan’s Quorum blockchain. Once transfers are competed, the coins can be converted back to dollars.The advantage of such a token, Mr. Farooq said, is speed. Clients that want to move huge sums of money would traditionally need to do so via wire transfer, a process that could take hours or even days. With international transfers, changes in currency exchange rates during the long lag times could end up adding to customers’ costs.Mr. Farooq said JPMorgan’s offering would be useful for big clients, but not for the smaller speculators who have typically taken an interest in cryptocurrencies.“This is designed specifically for institutional use cases on blockchain,” he said. “It’s not created to be for public investment.”Skeptics questioned why a blockchain ledger was necessary to move money between JPMorgan bank accounts.“JPMorgan’s choice to issue a stablecoin on a closed blockchain is not a new concept,” said Lawson Baker, the founder of Relayzero, a fund that invests in blockchain projects. “It is very similar to corporations’ desires to launch intranets as competition to the open internet system in the 1990s.”Generally, blockchains are employed when companies want to move data or money between institutions that might otherwise have trouble reconciling accounts. Blockchain technology allows multiple computers to keep a shared set of records.JPMorgan said it hoped to increase its coin’s versatility. Over time, for instance, it could be expanded to represent currencies beyond the dollar. First, though, the testing phase must be competed.After that, JPMorgan plans to work with regulators to gain permission for broader uses of JPM Coin. That process could take at least several months, Mr. Farooq said.BOSTON — The Latest on the case against prominent parents and athletic coaches charged in a sweeping college bribery scam (all times local):3 p.m.Attorneys for a group of parents charged in the college admissions bribery scandal are accusing prosecutors of manipulating the legal process to get the case in front of the judge of their choice.The defense lawyers criticized prosecutors Tuesday for adding their clients to an indictment that has already been assigned to Judge Nathaniel Gorton.The lawyers say the move is a "clear form of judge shopping" in a letter to Chief Judge Patti Saris.They want their clients' case randomly assigned to a judge to "stamp out any perception" that prosecutors evaded the standard judge-picking process.Saris has asked the U.S. attorney's office to respond to the lawyer's letter.The parents were indicted Tuesday on money laundering and mail fraud conspiracy charges.___1:45 p.m.Actress Lori Loughlin and her fashion designer husband, Mossimo Giannulli, have been hit with a new charge in the sweeping college admissions bribery case.Loughlin and Giannulli were among 16 prominent parents indicted Tuesday on a charge of money laundering conspiracy.The parents were arrested last month on a single charge of conspiracy to commit mail fraud and honest services mail fraud.Loughlin and Giannulli are accused of paying $500,000 in bribes to get their daughters admitted to the University of Southern California as crew team recruits, even though neither of them played the sport.They have not publicly commented on the allegations.The new charges come a day after fellow actress Felicity Huffman and a dozen other parents announced they would plead guilty to the scam .Two women whose parents say they are being held in emotional and sexual captivity by the R&B singer R. Kelly vociferously defended the musician in an interview that aired on Thursday, claiming that their parents are blackmailing him and just out for money.Azriel Clary, 21, and Joycelyn Savage, 23, told Gayle King of “CBS This Morning” that they were “absolutely” in love with Mr. Kelly, 52, who was charged last month in Chicago with 10 counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse involving four women, three of whom were minors at the time.Beyond his criminal case, Mr. Kelly also has been accused of harboring a so-called sex cult, in which he abused women and controlled every aspect of their lives, including when they can go to the bathroom.The interview with Ms. Clary and Ms. Savage, who have stood by Mr. Kelly in court, seemed unlikely to settle questions about what exactly goes on in the singer’s home. While the women’s parents say they are brainwashed and much of the world now sees Mr. Kelly as an unrelenting sexual predator, who has been trailed for decades by accusations of abuse and sex with underage girls, Ms. Clary and Ms. Savage lashed out at their families and said they were happy as Mr. Kelly’s girlfriends.The interview followed the airing on Wednesday of a heated conversation between Mr. Kelly and Ms. King of CBS, in which the singer denied all of the accusations against him. “I have been assassinated,” said Mr. Kelly, who was sometimes shouting, swearing and in tears. He has pleaded not guilty to all charges.Ms. King said that Mr. Kelly had agreed not to be present for the interview with Ms. Clary and Ms. Savage, but that he entered the room behind them after it began. Ms. King said Mr. Kelly would “cough very loudly,” and that the women were “certainly aware that he was there.”Mr. Kelly, who had been out on bond since last week,  was sent back to jail Wednesday night for his failure to pay his ex-wife more than $160,000 in child support. The Detroit Police Department also said on Wednesday that it was investigating allegations that Mr. Kelly had sex with a 13-year-old girl there in 2001. “We have reached out, at the direction of the victim, to her lawyer and we are eagerly waiting to speak to her,” James Craig, the Detroit police chief, said in a statement, adding that they had not yet made contact with her.Ms. Clary said she met Mr. Kelly at one of his concerts when she was 17. “When I first met Robert, my parents told me to lie about my age,” she said. “He thought that I was 18.”ImageR. Kelly’s booking photo after he was jailed for failure to pay child support.CreditCook County Sheriff’s OfficeShe denied having sex with Mr. Kelly while underage, but said her parents had encouraged her “to take photos with him, sexual videos with him” in case “they ever have to blackmail him.”“What they’re doing right now is all for money,” Ms. Clary added. “If you can’t see that, you’re ignorant, and you’re stupid,” she said, adding expletives.Ms. Savage, who met Mr. Kelly when she was 19, backed up Ms. Clary’s version of events. Her parents were “just out here trying to get money and scam, because they didn’t agree on what happened with music,” Ms. Savage said.Both women’s parents have said their daughters were aspiring singers seeking Mr. Kelly’s guidance in music. Ms. Clary and Ms. Savage denied that they wanted to pursue music careers.Their parents, in statements on Thursday through their lawyers, denied ever having asked Mr. Kelly for money. “Sadly, like so many girls before them,” the Clarys said, “Azriel and Joycelyn Savage have been manipulated and convinced by Kelly to lie to protect him from serious criminal charges.”The day before, at a news conference in Atlanta, Ms. Savage’s father, Timothy, said “the only thing we want to do is hear from our daughter and know she’s fine.”Later, the Savage family received what it said was its first call from Joycelyn in two years. “You know that I’m happy,” she could be heard telling them. “You know exactly where I’m at.”Timothy Savage and his wife, Jonjelyn, first spoke out publicly about their daughter’s relationship with Mr. Kelly in a 2017 Buzzfeed article about the women living with the R&B star. The Savages later appeared in the Lifetime documentary “Surviving R. Kelly,” which aired in January and led to renewed law-enforcement interest in the allegations against Mr. Kelly.The Savages said they had told the F.B.I., as well as the police in Georgia and Illinois, that Joycelyn was “being held against her will” by Mr. Kelly. Representatives for the singer said at the time that the authorities in Atlanta and Chicago had “made ‘wellness’ visits to check on the women in question and have found nothing to cause alarm.”In January, a man identified as a manager for Mr. Kelly, Henry James Mason, was arrested and charged with making violent threats against Mr. Savage; Mr. Mason denied the charges and said that he had in fact tried to re-establish a connection between Joycelyn and her family. Mr. Savage said he had also been threatened by another associate of Mr. Kelly’s — who said he could “ruin him, his reputation, business and family” — before the Lifetime documentary aired.Mr. Kelly, in his interview, had told Ms. King that he loved the women. “We have a relationship; it’s real,” he said. “I’ve known guys all my life that have five or six women, O.K. So don’t go there on me.”He added that he had no reason to hold the women captive. “Why would I?” Mr. Kelly said. “How stupid would it be for me, with my crazy past and what I’ve been through — oh, right now I just think I need to be a monster, hold girls against their will, chain them up in my basement, and don’t let them eat, don’t let them out!”CBS said it would air more from the interviews with Mr. Kelly and the two women in a prime time special on Friday.WASHINGTON — Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren is proposing a new tax on corporate profits that's designed to prevent business giants from taking advantage of the existing tax code to effectively pay a zero rate.The 7% tax on corporate profits above $100 million is the latest in a series of ambitious policy proposals from the Massachusetts senator. It's in line with her broader push to rein in such industries as the financial sector and technology firms .Her campaign estimates the proposal would hit roughly 1,200 firms. Those corporations would pay the tax on top of any liability under current tax rules, which, as Warren said in a Thursday blog post on her plan, is necessary because "our corporate tax code is so littered with loopholes that simply raising the regular corporate tax rate alone is not enough."Dubbing her pitch "the Real Corporate Profits Tax," Warren wrote: "It will make our biggest and most profitable corporations pay more and ensure that none of them can ever make billions and pay zero taxes again."The proposal would raise about $1 trillion of new revenue over 10 years, according to economists advising Warren's campaign. She didn't specify what that money would pay for. The new tax would be imposed on corporations' total profits in the U.S. and overseas.The so-called wealth tax Warren proposed in January on about 75,000 of the nation's highest-earning households would raise an estimated $2.75 trillion over 10 years, money that she later said would go partly toward creating a government-supported universal child care program.Warren also is billing the new corporate tax as a way to boost smaller businesses and aid competition with behemoths that may currently pay lower effective tax rates, particularly following the 2017 Republican tax overhaul , which lowered the corporate rate from 35% to 21%. She specifically cited Amazon on Thursday as an example of a major corporation that has reported paying zero corporate income tax. The company pushed back on that in a statement."Amazon pays all the taxes we are required to pay in the U.S. and every country where we operate," the company said: "Corporate tax is based on profits, not revenues, and our profits remain modest given retail is a highly competitive, low-margin business and our continued heavy investment."Other Democratic presidential candidates have offered proposals designed to address individual income inequality, such as California Sen. Kamala Harris' plan for a lower- and middle-income tax credit and New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker's plan to endow savings accounts for all children. Warren's latest idea, however, is unique as a foray into new corporate taxation policy.Meanwhile, Warren reported on Wednesday that her campaign raised $6 million in the first quarter of the year, surpassing expectations but still lagging far behind the money raised by Harris and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders .Warren, a former Harvard University law professor, made a name for herself a decade ago with calls for greater consumer protections, which led to the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under then-President Barack Obama.They work just as hard as men for less pay.When they complain, they are told they need to generate as much money as men do if they want to get paid as much as men are paid. When they say that’s essentially impossible without more opportunities and promotion, they are told opportunity and promotion will happen once they start producing more money.This is the narrative at the heart of the gender discrimination lawsuit the United States women’s national soccer team filed on Friday against U.S. Soccer, but in nearly every sport, gender disparities in pay and working conditions are rampant.Coming just three months before the start of the Women’s World Cup, the litigation immediately became the central plotline for the event and brought to the fore an issue that has increasingly rankled the sports world.[Eight times women in sports fought for equality.]In golf last year, the world’s top-ranked woman earned as much as the 33rd-best man. The United States women’s hockey team expected to have a victory tour after winning gold at the Pyeongchang Olympics last year. It didn’t happen. The N.B.A. minimum salary of $1.35 million for a player with one year of experience is higher than the salary cap for an entire W.N.B.A. roster.“Unless the origin of the sport is anchored in women, like gymnastics or field hockey, I don’t think there’s a culture that starts with the premise: Women are going to be treated equally, or, we’re going to make up for the historical discrimination against women and make sure we’re going where we need to go,” said Donna Lopiano, a sports management consultant and former University of Texas athletics administrator, referring to both the national governing boards and to college sports.According to the national women’s team’s suit against U.S. Soccer, differing systems of compensation for the men’s and women’s teams have led to the women repeatedly earning less than their male counterparts, even though the women are defending champions and the men failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.Supporters of women’s sports praised the soccer team on Friday for taking a stand and trying to force the powers that be to address its complaints.“College sports has a great statute called Title IX,” said Nancy Hogshead-Makar, the chief executive of the advocacy group Champion Women.“What it takes, though,” she added, “is 18- to 22-year-olds speaking up, because the adults in the room have abdicated that role of ensuring gender equity.”Title IX — the 1972 landmark federal law mandating gender equity in higher education, including college sports — is nearly 50 years old. But advocates say that many universities fall short of the statute’s requirement that athletic opportunities must correlate with the overall student population. Both the college sports establishment and the federal government have evinced little interest in enforcing that requirement strictly.Advocates say that the N.C.A.A. and its members have not sufficiently prioritized increasing funding for women’s sports.“If sports are being dropped, the money isn’t going to women’s sports — it’s going to the arms race in football and men’s basketball,” Lopiano said. “The culture is football and men’s basketball first. Boys first. Women are still at the back of the bus.”Amy Wilson, the N.C.A.A. managing director of inclusion, said the N.C.A.A.’s member colleges, which create most policy, had no plans to further enforce Title IX to make up for the federal government’s failure to act.“The thinking is, we’re here to run an organization with rules for our sports,” Wilson said.A major challenge for female athletes has been to come up with a response to the argument that women deserve less money because their sports produce less money.Andrew Zimbalist, a sports economist at Smith College, said that those who cling to a free-market argument fail to note the artificial advantages that men’s sports have long enjoyed. Men in the major team sports play in leagues that are monopolies, and have benefited from tens of millions of dollars in public subsidies that have helped finance and promote their endeavors.“While the revenue disparity is a major component of this, it’s partly a result of the lack of promotion women have received,” Zimbalist said. “There is a lot of historical and cultural baggage to all of this.”GolfFor all the gains that women have made in golf — the increase in playing opportunities in college and the integration of formerly all-male private clubs — the disparity in purses between the women of the L.P.G.A. Tour and the men of the PGA Tour continues to be striking.In 2018, the women’s leading money winner, Ariya Jutanugarn, won three events, including the United States Women’s Open, and posted 17 top-10 finishes in 28 starts. Her on-course earnings of $2,743,949 were surpassed by 33 players on the PGA Tour, led by Justin Thomas’s $8,694,821. Chesson Hadley, who ranked 33rd, did not record a victory and had seven top-10s in 30 starts on his way to $2,768,863. (The 33rd-ranked L.P.G.A. player, by comparison, earned $626,263.)In 2016, the L.P.G.A. and PGA Tour formed a partnership with the stated aim of creating joint marketing programs and events and coordinating schedules. The alliance apparently does not cover certain fees that fall under the T.P.C. Network, which is part of the PGA Tour.Brittany Lincicome, a two-time major champion, said that when she chooses to practice at T.P.C. Tampa Bay near her home she is required to pay cart fees. Card-carrying members of the PGA Tour incur no such fees.What bothers Lincicome is not the fee per se, “but the principle of it,” she said. “I’m a well-known L.P.G.A. player.”HockeyTwo years ago, the future looked brighter for the United States women’s hockey team. Like the women’s soccer team, the hockey players were dominant in their sport internationally and far exceeded the achievements of the men’s national team.After threatening to boycott the world championship tournament in 2017 in Plymouth Township, Mich., amid contract negotiations with U.S.A. Hockey for a living wage and more playing opportunities, the women’s team reached a deal that paid each player about $71,000 annually. That was a vast increase over the less than $10,000 that some of them had been making. The deal also provided the female players with travel and insurance provisions that equaled what the men’s national team received.But the support for girls and women’s hockey that U.S.A. Hockey also promised then has been slow to develop. There are no women on U.S.A. Hockey’s marketing council. The Women’s High Performance Advisory Group, which was created in the 2017 deal, has only recently begun to have meaningful dialogue.After earning the gold medal at the 2018 Olympics with a dramatic shootout victory over Canada, its archrival, the women’s team embarked on a weeklong national media tour, visiting talk shows and N.H.L. games. But its post-Olympic exhibition tour never materialized. And there are currently no women’s player jerseys or jerseys in women’s sizes available at U.S.A. Hockey’s online stores.“From a marketing standpoint, is it a huge missed opportunity?” Hilary Knight, the team’s star forward, said late last year. “Probably. We sort of disappeared from the summer.”TennisIn tennis, women have pulled closer to pay equality than in any other major sport, with equal pay on the sport’s biggest stages. Tennis players routinely dominate lists of the highest-paid female athletes. But a closer look at the scoreboard each year would still show, “Advantage: Men.”The four Grand Slam events and three other large tournaments — Indian Wells, Calif.; the Miami Open; and the Madrid Open — offer equal prize money to men and women, but women in the top 100 generally make only about 80 percent of the prize money their male counterparts make, because of lower pay at other tournaments.At the Australian Open, Serena Williams spoke of how she talks often about equality on the different boards she sits on outside the sport. “Bringing that into tennis, as well, is something that’s superimportant. The only way to do it is to talk about it and to be open about it, have these conversations that aren’t necessarily comfortable.”BasketballThe biggest unresolved question in terms of how women are compensated for playing basketball right now is in the W.N.B.A., where the league and the players’ union are engaged in negotiations over a new collective bargaining agreement.Erin Kane, an agent with Octagon who represents Kristi Toliver, Elena Delle Donne and other W.N.B.A. players, said players were largely satisfied with how U.S.A. Basketball treated them.“What the U.S.W.N.T. is doing is timely and inspiring,” Kane said of the soccer lawsuit. “When it comes to money, change is always a fight.”W.N.B.A. players, many of whom play overseas in their off-season to earn more money, are pushing for quality training resources that are consistent across the league and on a par with the N.B.A.Adam Silver, the N.B.A. commissioner, said the league’s compensation system is dependent on its revenues. “We want nothing more than for W.N.B.A. players to receive the recognition they deserve for being world-class athletes,” he said. “And as we work with the W.N.B.P.A. to improve the economics of the league, we also challenge the broader basketball and sports community to support the W.N.B.A. and its athletes.”Chiney Ogwumike, a member of the union’s executive committee, said that for too long W.N.B.A. players have been told to be grateful for what they have.“Our goal is to educate people to respect the fact that we too are the best of the best at what we do,” she said.How do New York Times journalists use technology in their jobs and in their personal lives? Tara Siegel Bernard, a personal finance reporter, discussed the tech she’s using.What are your most important tech tools for tracking budgets?This may sound strange coming from a personal finance reporter, but I’m not a big fan of traditional budgets — I don’t think they work. I try to keep my own spending in check by taking the reverse approach. Instead of tracking every dollar, I focus on what we need to save for: retirement, college or some other goal. After you’ve automated your savings goals and created a bit of a cushion for emergencies, you’re freer to spend without thinking too hard or feeling too guilty. It’s an imperfect system, but it’s better than a failed budget. That method won’t necessarily work in all situations, especially if you need to tackle debt or establish a stricter spending plan in retirement. And everyone can benefit from tracking personal spending, even if you do it only for a few months or check in only every quarter.Mint has been around for a while, but it is still a solid way to take stock of where all of your money is going and whether your net worth is moving in the right direction. It also allows you to create a budget, and alerts you when you’ve spent too much. I use it infrequently, and there’s usually at least one kink I need to work out whenever I log in; most recently, it counted all of my retirement accounts twice, which was kind of cruel. Personal Capital, an investment advisory service, also has a robust free tool that tracks your spending, cash flow and retirement goals all in one place with minimal effort.For people who want a more proactive approach to spending and whittling down debt, there’s You Need a Budget. I’ve come across many people in my reporting who have attested that it’s life-changing.Which basic tools would you recommend for people to increase their savings and investments?It’s not so much a tool but a technology: automation. After you’ve settled on a low-cost investment provider such as Vanguard, automation is the surest way to set yourself up for success. Automate as much as you can — your Roth I.R.A. contributions, your kids’ 529 college savings accounts. If you have an employer-provided retirement plan like a 401(k), see if it will allow you to automatically increase the percentage you’re saving each year. If not, set a date in your electronic calendar to remind you to revisit all of those amounts annually.I also like the little revolution that the roboadvisers have started. They lean heavily on technology to help invest and manage your money, though more of them are increasingly integrating human advisers. Betterment and Wealthfront have free tools that will let you play with various goals and savings amounts to see how long it will take you to save what you need. What money apps do you recommend for the younger set?I have a 2-year-old daughter and a 6-year-old son, who recently started asking me questions about how credit cards work and how much money we earn. Another day, we were in a bookstore and he wanted me to buy four new Dog Man and Captain Underpants books. All of this happened within a couple of weeks, so I took that as a cue. There are a ton of money apps for children and teenagers, but I was hoping to find something to help him focus on developing patience and delaying gratification. Today, bags of groceries magically appear on our doorstep without any visible transaction. If we need something, we can just press a button — as adults, we’re a month removed from any consequences, and children are often completely unaware that there was any exchange at all. Stuff just arrives when you want it.To help acquaint my son with the reality of how all of this works, I decided to pay him an allowance of $5 a week. Instead of putting it in physical “save, spend and give” jars, he’s tracking the same categories on an iPad. I scanned a few different apps, but the simplicity of PiggyBot seemed well suited for younger children. He immediately set a goal to buy two of those books — but he’s going to have to wait nine weeks to get them. (I also told him that we could just go to the library.)Outside your job, what tech product are you currently obsessed with? I live a pretty low-tech life. We listen to music through Sonos and watch television through a four-year-old Roku device, though we haven’t entirely cut the cord because my husband is a soccer fan. I did recently learn that we can hand in our cable box and pay a little less, while keeping access to cable channels through Roku, though you lose the ability to record.There are also several apps that I use daily or weekly. I always have roughly five dozen tabs open on my computer screen, as well as stories I come across on Twitter that I want to read later. To minimize the clutter, I save everything to the Pocket app, which I’ll read on my commute. I also keep a to-do list on the iPhone “reminders” app.I also love Ink and Postagram for turning my children’s photos into cards for relatives, all from my aging iPhone 6s, which has started to shut down in the cold. I have a long wish list of apps, but I really want more sophisticated tools that would help us become smarter consumers. I want to enter a product name into an app so it can assure me that we’re not feeding our children weed killer in their oatmeal.Lots of web writers talk about the so-called FIRE, which stands for “financial independence, retire early.” People are retiring as early as their 30s. What do you think about this movement?We can all learn something from folks like Mr. Money Mustache, who is credited with popularizing the idea of hyper-frugal, anti-consumerist living and saving a significant chunk of your salary so you can either retire early or pursue more rewarding work. But the movement started with a lot of technology workers — and it’s a lot easier to save half your salary when you’re a well-paid software engineer with health insurance and no debt. Sure, these folks had to exercise discipline and restraint. But they had the luxury of exercising that discipline; there are so many people living on much less and struggling to pay for health insurance, rent, child care and student loans or to keep full-time jobs with chronic conditions. It also raises a lot of questions: How do they pay for health care? Will the money really last as long as they need it? A lot of research shows a portfolio may last around 30 years if you withdraw 4 percent of the initial retirement portfolio balance, and then adjust that dollar amount for inflation annually. So when you start looking at longer time horizons — or a 50-year or 60-year retirement — it’s increasingly possible to run out of money if you don’t make adjustments.  But it’s easy to see why so many people find the movement intriguing and why it has become such a popular story line. You can’t help but wonder what it took to achieve financial security so early, so you click and hope to learn something. So far, Donald Trump has passed only one significant piece of legislation: the 2017 tax cut. It was, to be fair, a pretty big deal: corporations, the principal beneficiaries, have already saved more than $150 billion, and over the course of a decade the tax cut will probably increase the budget deficit by more than $2 trillion.But the tax cut was supposed to do more than just give stockholders more money — or at least that’s what its proponents claimed. It was also supposed to lead to many years of high economic growth, 3 percent or more at an annual rate.Independent observers were skeptical, to say the least. They conceded that the tax cut might lead to a brief sugar high, because that’s what big deficits do. But any favorable effects on growth, they argued, would soon fade out. And they always insisted that it would take some time to assess the tax cut’s actual effects.Nonetheless, when the economy grew pretty fast in the second quarter of last year, Trump and his supporters cried vindication, and ridiculed the critics.But a bit of time has passed since then. The chart shows the U.S. economy’s growth rate by quarter since the beginning of 2018. The last number isn’t official; but there are a number of independent observers, including both Federal Reserve banks and private financial institutions, who produce “nowcasts” that estimate growth based on early data. At this point all of these nowcasts show slowing growth, and most put the first quarter at around 1.5 percent.So do the results so far look like the huge, sustained boom the Trump camp promised, or the brief sugar high predicted by the critics?But Donald Trump is a special kind of leader. When things don’t go his way, when events fail to turn out as he planned and promised, he always knows exactly what to do: Blame someone else. Sure enough, he’s now asserting that we’d be having a yuge economic boom, 3 percent growth, all that, if only the Federal Reserve hadn’t raised interest rates.O. K., this is where you need to be able to hold two ideas in your head at the same time. Was the Fed wrong to raise rates? Probably yes. Does this account for the failure of the Trump tax cut? No.The Fed was clearly overoptimistic about the economy’s prospects, as it has pretty consistently been for the past decade. It’s worth noting that throughout that whole period conservative critics of the Fed — the same people now backing Trump — attacked the institution for keeping interest rates too low, not too high. Still, it’s now clear that the attempt to normalize monetary policy was premature.But the Fed’s premature rate hikes aren’t why the Trump tax cut is failing. How do we know that? Because all those boasts about why the tax cut would work miracles were based on a specific story about what is holding the U.S. economy back. And that story was and is all wrong.The Trumpist theory — which was, I’m sorry to say, endorsed by conservative economists who should have known better — was that there was a huge pile of money sitting outside the U.S. that companies would bring back and invest productively if given the incentive of lower tax rates. But that pile of money was an accounting fiction. And the tax cut didn’t give corporations an incentive to build new factories and so on; all it did was induce them to shift their tax-avoidance strategies.As Brad Setser of the Council on Foreign Relations points out, a casual glance at the data seems to suggest that American companies earn a lot of their profits at their overseas subsidiaries. But a closer look shows that the bulk of these reported profits are in a handful of small countries with low or zero tax rates, like Bermuda, Luxembourg and Ireland. The companies obviously aren’t earning huge profits in these tiny economies; they’re just using accounting gimmicks to assign profits earned elsewhere to subsidiaries that may have a few factories, but sometimes consist of little more than a small office, or even just a post-office box.These basically phony profits then accumulate on the books of the overseas subsidiaries, rather than the home company. But this doesn’t affect their ability to invest in America: if Apple wants to spend a billion dollars here, it can always borrow the money using the assets of its Irish subsidiary as collateral. In other words, U.S. taxes weren’t having any significant effect in deterring real investment in the U.S. economy.When Trump cut the tax rate, some companies “brought money home.” But for the most part this had no economic significance. Here’s how it works: Apple Ireland transfers some of its assets to Apple U.S.A. Officially, Apple Ireland has reduced its investment spending, while paying a dividend to U.S. investors. In reality, Apple as an entity has the same total profits and the same total assets it did before; it hasn’t devoted a single additional dollar to purchases of equipment, R&D, or anything else for its U.S. operations.Not surprisingly, then, the investment boom Trump economists promised has never materialized. Companies didn’t use their tax breaks to invest more; mainly they used them to buy back their own stock. This in turn, put more money in the hands of investors, which gave the economy a temporary boost — although for 2018 as a whole, one of the biggest drivers of faster growth was, believe it or not, higher government spending.So the theory supposedly behind the Trump tax cut has turned out to be a complete bust. Corporate accountants got to have some fun exploring new frontiers in tax avoidance; the rest of us just ended up saddled with an extra $2 trillion or so in debt.Now, I’m not deeply worried about that debt. Given low borrowing costs, the costs and risks of federal debt are far less than the usual suspects — again, the same people who cheered on the Trump tax cut — have claimed. But think of all the other things we could have done with $2 trillion — all the infrastructure we could have built and repaired, all the people who could have been given essential health care.What a colossal, corrupt waste.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.“It is Lawyer 101: You do not steal your client’s money.”NICOLA T. HANNA, a United States attorney, describing the lawyer Michael Avenatti’s business as a Ponzi scheme of sorts as she announced new charges that could mean more than 300 years in prison.(Reuters) - Michael Avenatti, the combative lawyer known for his battles with U.S. President Donald Trump, was indicted on charges of defrauding clients, including allegations that he withheld a multimillion-dollar settlement he won for a paraplegic man, prosecutors said on Thursday.The indictment came about three weeks after Avenatti, who gained national fame for representing adult film star Stormy Daniels in her litigation against Trump, was arrested in New York on separate criminal complaints filed by federal prosecutors in New York and California.Federal prosecutors in California announced the indictment after a grand jury found late on Wednesday that there was probable cause to pursue charges against Avenatti. The 48-year-old lawyer, a Los Angeles resident, said he planned to fight the charges and plead not guilty."I look forward to the entire truth being known as opposed to a one-sided version meant to sideline me," Avenatti, who is free on a $300,000 bond, wrote on Twitter on Thursday. The federal complaint in California charges Avenatti with 10 counts of wire fraud, accusing him of misusing more than $12 million he received on behalf of clients following settlements and other negotiations. "Money generated from one set of crimes was used to further other crimes, typically in the form of payments designed to string along victims so as to prevent Mr. Avenatti's financial house of cards from collapsing," Nicola Hanna, the U.S. attorney for California's Central District, said at a news conference in Los Angeles.Avenatti became a prominent critic of Trump and a frequent guest on cable television news while representing Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford. She sued the president over a nondisclosure agreement that in the weeks before the 2016 U.S. presidential election kept her from discussing her claims that she and Trump had an extramarital affair 10 years earlier. Prosecutors say Avenatti misled clients and misused their funds to pay personal and legal expenses, finance a coffee shop business he also ran, and pay for his share of a Honda private jet, according to the indictment. Federal authorities seized the jet on Wednesday, prosecutors said. In one case, prosecutors said that Avenatti concealed a $4 million settlement won by a client in 2015 from Los Angeles County after he became paraplegic in an unspecified incident, instead giving the man periodic advances of $1,900 and paying the rent at his assisted living facility.The client, referred to only as "Client 1" in the indictment, was identified as Geoffrey Johnson by his lawyer, Joshua Robbins. On Thursday, Avenatti said on Twitter that the accusation that he had mishandled clients' money was "bogus nonsense" and posted an undated testimonial signed by Johnson that praised him as an "exceptional, honest and ethical attorney." Johnson no longer stood by that statement, his lawyer said."It was signed before he was aware of the fraud," Robbins said in an interview, adding that Avenatti lied to Johnson in order to get him to sign the testimonial in March, shortly before Avenatti's arrest. Lawyers for Avenatti did not immediately return calls for comment on the statement.According to the indictment, Johnson's efforts to buy a house failed because Avenatti withheld the settlement money, and Avenatti lied to the U.S. Social Security Administration about the settlement to conceal the embezzlement, leading the agency to cut off Johnson's benefits. TAX CRIMESThe indictment also accuses Avenatti of various tax crimes. He is accused of failing to file personal tax returns since 2010 and to pay $3.2 million in payroll taxes on his coffee business, even though he withheld some portion of this money from employee paychecks.The indictment said he defrauded a Mississippi bank of $4.1 million in loans by submitting false tax returns for 2011 to 2013 that inflated his income.The most serious bank fraud charges carry a maximum sentence of 30 years per count, prosecutors said. Federal sentencing guidelines typically call for defendants to serve less than the maximum time.The New York prosecutors have separately accused Avenatti of trying to blackmail athletic wear maker Nike Inc for more than $20 million.Daniels, who replaced Avenatti as her lawyer last month, has said she was "saddened but not shocked" by his arrest. (Reporting by Jonathan Allen; Additional reporting by Brendan Pierson, Gina Cherelus, Gabriella Borter and Daniel Wallis; editing by Frank McGurty and Leslie Adler)WASHINGTON — The Senate on Monday blocked billions of dollars in disaster aid for states across the country as Republicans and Democrats clashed over President Trump’s opposition to sending more food and infrastructure help to Puerto Rico.Opposition came from both parties for different reasons. Most Republicans refused to endorse a recovery bill passed this year by the House. They cited Mr. Trump’s opposition to the bill’s Puerto Rico funding, as well as their own concerns that the bill lacked money for Midwestern states, like Iowa and Nebraska, that have since been devastated by flooding and tornadoes.For their part, Democrats balked at a separate measure drafted by Senate Republicans that included the money for the Midwest, arguing that a proposed $600 million in nutritional assistance for Puerto Rico was not enough. The Republican legislation had no chance in the House.The votes on both measures were procedural and needed support from 60 senators to advance to a full floor vote. Neither won the support required. It was unclear late Monday how lawmakers would overcome that impasse and end the delay in disbursing the disaster aid.The effort begins anew on Tuesday, when Senate Democrats will propose a measure that would allocate billions of dollars that would help Iowa and Nebraska, as well as Puerto Rico, according to a Senate Democratic aide.Mr. Trump has been pressuring Democrats to support a disaster relief measure that does not include the money they want for Puerto Rico, and he went on the attack late Monday on Twitter.“The Democrats today killed a Bill that would have provided great relief to Farmers and yet more money to Puerto Rico despite the fact that Puerto Rico has already been scheduled to receive more hurricane relief funding than any ‘place’ in history,” he tweeted.Puerto Ricans “are great,” he added, but “their government can’t do anything right, the place is a mess - nothing works.”Varying forms of recovery legislation have been in limbo since December, when an initial version was tacked on to legislation that could have prevented the 35-day government shutdown. And while the House passed a relief package in January, it was ultimately left out of the compromise measure that reopened the government.Some lawmakers were optimistic that a resolution could be found quickly. Democrats in both chambers have pushed for a select group of lawmakers to draft legislation that borrows from both measures.“I’m sure we’ll start talking again,” said Senator Richard C. Shelby, Republican of Alabama and the chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee. He compared the negotiating process to a three-legged stool: “You’ve got the House, you’ve got the Senate and the presidency.”“We’re hopefully at a point where we can get some serious negotiations going,” he said.Still, senators from both parties tried to used the disaster relief votes to their political advantage.Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said that “tonight, my colleagues had the opportunity to choose action over obstruction.”“Shamefully,” he added, “Senate Democrats said no.”Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, said in a statement that “Congress used to set politics aside after major disasters and help victims in their time of need — partisan infighting won’t rebuild a single home or school.”Even Puerto Rican politicians could not agree on which of the measures to support. Gov. Ricardo A. Rosselló, a Democrat, urged lawmakers to endorse the House legislation. But Representative Jenniffer González-Colón, a Republican, spoke out in favor of the Senate measure. Ms. González-Colón is the island’s sole representative in Congress, but she cannot vote.Even before the votes on Monday, Republicans had tried to turn disaster relief into a 2020 presidential campaign issue.“To my colleagues across the aisle who have been spending a lot of time in Iowa lately as presidential candidates,” Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, said on the Senate floor, “how are you going to look Iowans in the eye and justify a vote against moving this disaster relief bill ahead?”Democrats have sought to frame Republican opposition as a slight against Puerto Rico.“Nutrition assistance is not enough — Puerto Rico needs to rebuild,” said Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, the ranking member on the Senate Appropriations Committee.Private equity offers the promise of exclusive deals, outsize returns and enviable cocktail parties.But as seductive as these investments are, they can trap investors with onerous restrictions like high capital requirements and longtime commitments.Simply put, private equity is an investment in an asset that is not traded on a public stock market. It’s a catchall term that also includes debt, real estate and various esoteric forms of financing — all of which have different expectations and risks.The high returns offered by these private equity funds, and the minimal regulatory oversight, draw investors with deep pockets, like pension funds and wealthy individuals, who can meet the minimum investment requirement. The downsides are that the fees are high and the money is typically locked in for at least four to seven years.That has not stopped the industry from growing. Private market fund-raising rose nearly 4 percent globally in 2017 to $748 billion, according to a review by McKinsey & Company. That year, the private equity firm Apollo Global Management raised a record $24.6 billion for its ninth fund.But investors must understand the risks. Private equity investments are less liquid than public market securities, for starters, which makes them harder to cash out in a market downturn. And investors may be required to put in money later, an agreement known as a capital call.“You always have to think about the margin for safety,” regardless of the type of investment, said Tony Roth, chief investment officer at Wilmington Trust. “What happens if it doesn’t turn out the way you’re thinking?”This is the fourth in a five-part series looking at highly desirable assets that can deliver great returns but can also become burdens when owners need to offload them quickly. Previous columns have looked at art, cars and collectibles.Private equity is different from the other types in this series because it is a financial investment, not a tangible asset. You can’t hang it on your wall, park it in your garage or serve it with dinner. But it has a cachet from the past successes of other investors, and the high barrier to entry creates an air of intrigue.The first step to making a private investment is understanding the pitch. After all, there are some 7,000 private investment managers across the globe.Determining the skill of the manager is important, so do your homework. Andrea Auerbach, global head of private investments at Cambridge Associates, a consultant and an adviser, said picking an average manager could affect your bottom line.The difference in returns between public equity managers who are in the middle of the pack and top performers was less than three percentage points, she said. But when it came to private equity, the difference in returns between mediocre and top managers was 21 points.A second step is spreading money across funds raised in different years, not just with different strategies. For instance, funds raised in the years before the recession made most of their investments when the market was at a peak, so they consequently performed worse than those that raised money in the years right after the downturn, when asset values were lower.A bigger problem for investors in 2008, though, was that private equity firms demanded money from investors in a capital call. The timing was bad because some investors had put their money in the stock market and had to sell their shares at steep discounts to avoid defaulting.“Most investors oversimplified it, which increased their risk,” said Adam I. Taback, deputy chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank. “You have to figure in the growth of every other asset. What’s happened to the other 90 percent of your portfolio while you’re doing all this private equity planning?”Patience is a necessity in private investments.The marketing material for these funds suggest the investment will last about seven years, but in reality, with clauses in the documents about mandatory extensions, some of these funds can drag on for twice as long.“Let’s say you make a commitment to a manager and they turn out to be not who you think they are,” Ms. Auerbach said. “You can try to sell your slightly used private equity stake on the secondary market, or you can do your homework and make sure you can stay with the manager for 12 to 15 years.”“Everything,” she added, “takes longer than people think.”In the current economic cycle, advisers are urging their clients to do more due diligence and be cautious. “With at least a five- to seven-year outlook, it’s almost certain there is going to be a recession during that time frame,” Mr. Roth said.Investors should factor in periods of volatility. “When you know you’re going to have a recession, you need a much larger margin of safety than earlier in the cycle,” he said.To this end, Mr. Roth said, Wilmington Trust has formed partnerships with various private equity firms on behalf of its clients to make niche investments. One involved investing in distressed loans in Europe.In another recent deal, Wilmington Trust joined forces with a private equity firm that invested only in digital and personal security companies. Its $700 million fund, entering its second year, has already returned capital from successful deals.Uneven allocation can be a problem. As a private investment matures, managers are both asking for capital and returning money from earlier investments.“If you have $10 and want to go into small-cap equity, you write your check and you have your $10 of exposure,” said Katherine Rosa, global head of alternative investments at J. P. Morgan Private Bank. “With private equity, you commit capital and that’s drawn down over three-, four-, five-year periods and the distributions come back to you when the manager decides to sell that position.“So at any time,” she added, “the most you’ll be out of pocket is between $6.50 and $7.50 out of that $10.”That dynamic has tripped up some investors who pledged money to private equity funds that was allocated to another investment, hoping their returns would cover the call for more capital.For investors new to private equity, buying a stakes on the secondary market may be a good entry point, Ms. Auerbach said, because the buyer will have a sense of the fund’s performance and get returns more quickly.But the question remains: How much do you put into private equity to reap the benefits but avoid the downside? Unfortunately, there is no hard rule like the 60/40 split between stocks and bonds that serves as a baseline for investing in the public markets.Ms. Auerbach wrote a paper analyzing the private investment strategies of top-performing institutional investors and what individuals could learn from them. She found that most big institutions had at least 15 percent of their portfolio in private investments, with some going more than 40 percent.She said large, multigenerational families might be able to do the same, given their wealth and ability to remain comfortable with the illiquidity.Of course, that percentage depends not just on the asset base but also on a family’s spending. Ms. Rosa said clients needed to think about whether they could get returns on their other investments that were high enough to cover their lifestyle while they waited for their private equity investments to mature.That makes sense, but all those numbers need to be forecast out years, and by that time, the economy may have stalled.Artists can be reluctant to part with their work, especially if they’re not being paid. But on Thursday, the Hammer Museum at UCLA announced that more than 35 contemporary artists, including Ed Ruscha and Vija Celmins, will donate pieces to raise money for the museum’s new Artist Fund. Their work will be auctioned off in New York at Sotheby’s in May.Ann Philbin, the director of the Hammer, said that support is a testament to the closeness between the museum and the artists it exhibits. “Many of the artists in the auction have had long and deep relationships with the Hammer,” she said by email. “In a lot of cases we offered them their first museum show in Los Angeles.” Ms. Philbin cited Mark Grotjahn, Kaari Upson, Jonas Wood and Kevin Beasley as examples.She also mentioned Mark Bradford, “a close friend and partner for the museum over the last 20 years,” whose first solo exhibition in Los Angeles, “Scorched Earth” was at the Hammer. Mr. Bradford’s contribution to the auction, a mixed-media painting titled “Scratch Pink” (2018), is estimated to sell for $2 to 3 million.The auctions, set for May 16 and 17 at Sotheby’s New York, will be preceded by public exhibitions of the a work in Los Angeles at the UTA Artist Space April 17-20 and in New York at Sotheby’s York Avenue galleries beginning May 3.The drive to raise money for the Artist Fund, which will support the work and exhibition of emerging artists, is a part of the Hammer’s $180 million dollar capital campaign. Since February 2018 the museum has raised more than $140 million of its goal.