This article is part of David Leonhardt’s newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it each weekday.The politics of climate change can sometimes feel unwinnable.The oil and coal industries spend large sums of money to spread falsehoods. The leadership of the Republican Party echoes those falsehoods. Many voters, struggling with slow-growing living standards, are hostile to policies that would address climate change — namely, increases in energy prices. And so far the top-tier Democratic presidential candidates haven’t put the issue at the center of their campaigns.But for all of these challenges, I think there is a more promising political approach than many people realize. In the upcoming issue of The Times Magazine, I’ve written an essay about it, and it is online now.The brief version: Americans are skeptical of policies that directly raise the cost of energy, such as a carbon tax or cap-and-trade program. But polls show that most Americans are in favor of policies that promote clean energy even if those policies indirectly raise the cost of energy. One example is a mandate requiring utility companies to use more clean energy; most states already have such a mandate, and Michigan and Nevada have recently made theirs tougher. Another example is federal spending to subsidize clean energy — a program, in other words, that looks like a Green New Deal.Obviously, programs like these don’t eliminate the costs of moving away from dirty energy. But they can change the political calculus. When a policy calls attention to the costs of the transition, as a carbon tax does, people are wary. When a policy calls attention to the benefits, people often have a more favorable attitude and are willing to accept slightly higher costs. As a result, many climate activists have been changing their political strategy in recent years. “It makes sense to set a goal,” as Rhiana Gunn-Wright, a climate-policy expert, told me while I was reporting the magazine story. When people understand the goal — like a clean-energy economy — they are much more open to solutions than when the policy discussion focuses on mechanisms for reaching that goal. Even if the country adopted a sensible climate policy today — and it’s inconceivable under President Trump — it is too late to avoid some of climate change’s terrible damage. But it’s not too late to make a big difference.My article is part of the Magazine’s climate issue, and you can find more of it here. The theme is deliberately scary: “Putting a Price on the End of the World.”Also, the writer Nathaniel Rich has just released a book based partly on his August 2018 cover story for the Magazine on the history of climate policy. Last night, Nathaniel and I talked about climate change at the Brooklyn Public Library, and you can watch the conversation here. Related: Thomas Friedman argues that smart climate proposals could well be damaging to a president who has denied climate change at every chance he’s gotten. “If Democrats approach this right,” he writes, “they can win on this issue in 2020 and make Trump the laughingstock.”If you are not a subscriber to this newsletter, you can subscribe here. You can also join me on Twitter (@DLeonhardt) and Facebook.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Pacific Gas and Electric announced the appointment of a chief executive and 10 new board members on Wednesday to improve the “safety culture and operational effectiveness” at the embattled California utility.Bill Johnson, a former head of Progress Energy and the Tennessee Valley Authority, will fill the chief executive position held by Geisha Williams, who left in January, just before PG&E filed for its second bankruptcy in the last two decades.PG&E faces tens of billions of dollars in liabilities related to catastrophic wildfires over the last two years. In addition, climate change is making natural disasters more destructive, and shifts to green energy are upending the industry.“We have heard the calls for change and have taken action today to ensure that PG&E has the right leadership to bring about real and dynamic change that reinforces our commitment to safety, continuous improvement and operational excellence,” the board said in a news release. “We believe our new C.E.O. and the newly constituted board will help PG&E address California’s evolving energy challenges and deliver what our customers expect from their energy company.”[How Pacific Electric and Gas ignored fire risks in favor of profits.]The board appointments, supported by shareholders, are the latest development in the battle to gain influence over PG&E. While the utility is undergoing bankruptcy reorganization, much of the power lies with the bankruptcy court’s judge. At the same time, investment firms with large stakes are hoping to set up a new leadership that will help take PG&E out of bankruptcy and run it efficiently. But the shareholders will have to contend with California’s politicians, the state’s utilities regulator and the representatives of wildfire victims.The 13-person board has several members with some energy experience, as well as several investors. It includes Nora Mead Brownell, who has served as a commissioner of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; Cheryl Campbell, who until last year worked at Xcel Energy, an electric and gas utility; and Jeffrey Bleich, a partner at Dentons, a global law firm.PG&E said its management had discussed the selection of a new chief executive and board members with three investment firms: Abrams Capital Management, Knighthead Capital Management and Redwood Capital Management. The firms, according to PG&E, support Mr. Johnson and the new board.Nathan Click, a spokesman for Gov. Gavin Newsom of California, said in a statement that the new board fell short of what the administration had wanted to see from the utility.“Time and again, PG&E has broken the public trust and its responsibilities to ratepayers, wildfire victims and employees,” Mr. Click said. “While changes were made in the last few days to augment the safety and government expertise on the board, this proposed board still raises concerns — particularly the large representation of Wall Street interests and most board nominees’ lack of relevant California experience.”The incoming chief executive, Mr. Johnson, 65, gained national attention in July 2012 when he became chief of Duke Energy for less than a day before he was fired and given a severance worth an estimated $44 million. He was picked for the job as part of the merger of two North Carolina utilities — Duke Energy and Progress Energy — to form the nation’s largest electric utility retailer.From 2007 to 2012, Mr. Johnson served as chief executive and chairman of Progress Energy. The former Duke chief executive Jim Rogers, who died in December, said at the time that Mr. Johnson had been fired because of his leadership style and a lack of transparency.Mr. Johnson led Progress Energy during the renovation of its sole nuclear power plant in Florida, in Crystal River. In an unusual move, the utility decided to self-manage the project rather than leave it to an engineering company. Workers cracked the concrete building that housed the reactor, forcing the permanent shutdown of a nuclear plant that had otherwise been fully operational.After Duke Energy ousted Mr. Johnson, the Tennessee Valley Authority, a federally owned and operated utility, hired him as its chief executive.In November, he announced his plan to retire from the authority after reducing its debt by $3.5 billion and increasing the use of carbon-free energy sources. But during his time there, the utility’s management practices were criticized.At a hearing on Tuesday in Federal District Court in San Francisco, PG&E escaped a threatened court-ordered overhaul of its power-line maintenance efforts, which the utility previously estimated could cost up to $150 billion. Instead, Judge William Alsup ordered it to focus on cutting back trees near electrical lines, submit to random inspections and fully comply with state laws and its own new fire mitigation plan submitted to state regulators.PG&E was also directed not to pay out any shareholder dividends, which have been suspended since late 2017, until adequate staff is hired and new tree maintenance standards are met.“It’s a problem of your own making,” Judge Alsup told the utility’s officials. “A lot of money went out in dividends that should have gone to your tree budget.”The judge, who is overseeing the company’s probation stemming from six felony convictions after a 2010 Bay Area gas line explosion, said he had issued the pared-down order in the interest of public safety, despite evidence of “really rampant wrongdoing.”At the end of the hearing, the judge directly addressed PG&E’s interim chief executive, John Simon, who sat alone in the front row of the otherwise-crowded courtroom gallery.“We’ve got a fire season coming up quick, and by December we’ll be back here, and we will know how many fires your company started,” Judge Alsup said. “And I’m hoping the answer is zero. That’s what I want.”“Me, too, Judge,” Mr. Simon said.WASHINGTON — A bipartisan group of U.S. senators introduced legislation on Wednesday mandating that the executive branch disclose details about authorizations it gives companies on sharing sensitive nuclear energy information with countries looking to build reactors. Lawmakers have criticized the Trump administration for issuing seven so-called Part 810 authorizations to companies on sharing nuclear power information with Saudi Arabia and withholding information about them. They want to ensure the kingdom eventually agrees to strong nuclear power safeguards on uranium enrichment and reprocessing to avoid the risk of an arms race in the Middle East. Several lawmakers in the Senate and House of Representatives have asked the administration for details on the authorizations, but were told that even the names of companies that got them are proprietary. Previous 810 authorizations were made available to the public at the Department of Energy headquarters."Congress cannot play its oversight role and ensure U.S. civil nuclear cooperation efforts do not encourage the spread of nuclear weapons-making capabilities" when presidential administrations withhold information from lawmakers, Senator Marco Rubio said. Rubio and fellow Republican Senator Todd Young introduced the bill with Democratic Senators Tim Kaine and Edward Markey. A similar bill is expected in the House. The Trump administration has had talks with Saudi Arabia, which has been resistant to safeguards in a civilian nuclear cooperation pact known as a 123 agreement, which is subject to congressional approval. Such a deal would have to be signed before the transfer of materials to build reactors. The administration has also been trying to convince Riyadh to agree to safeguards in a so-called Additional Protocol from the International Atomic Energy Agency. Markey asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in a hearing to commit to sharing the 810 applications and authorizations. Pompeo said he would take the request under consideration but that other agencies have a voice in the authorizations, signed by Energy Secretary Rick Perry. Saudi Arabia says its plans are peaceful. But Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said last year the kingdom would develop nuclear arms if its rival Iran did.Riyadh plans to issue a multi-billion-dollar tender in 2020 to build its first two nuclear power reactors, sources said this month. Originally expected last year, the tender has been delayed several times. The United States, South Korea, Russia, China and France are competing for the business. U.S. reactor builder Westinghouse, owned by Brookfield Asset Management Inc, would likely sell nuclear technology to Saudi Arabia in any deal that involved U.S. technology.The bill, which faces an uncertain future in a tight congressional schedule, would amend the 1954 Atomic Energy Act to require the Department of Energy to turn over to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee reports on all 810 applications it receives and the authorizations it makes and denies. The chairs and ranking members of those committees could also ask the Energy Department for records on any 810 applications that are approved or pending, and the department would have 10 days to do so.  (Reporting by Timothy Gardner; Editing by Bill Berkrot and Leslie Adler)HOUSTON — President Trump signed two executive orders on Wednesday that he says will speed up construction of pipelines and other projects to enhance the production and transport of oil and natural gas between states and across international borders.The actions are unlikely to have much of an immediate impact, and they will probably attract legal challenges by state governments seeking to preserve control over such projects. But the orders are symbolically important for a president who likes to take credit for a boom in energy production and exports. And he delivered the message in Texas, an oil-rich Republican state where Democrats recently made electoral gains.One order directs the Environmental Protection Agency to review and tighten rules to make it more difficult for states to scuttle pipelines by invoking provisions of the Clean Water Act.Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo of New York, an opponent of hydraulic fracturing, has blocked natural gas pipelines that would connect several Northeastern states to Pennsylvania’s Marcellus shale gas field. A shortage of natural-gas pipeline capacity prompted Consolidated Edison to impose a moratorium on new gas connections last month in parts of Westchester County.The other executive order would transfer authority for approving the construction of international pipelines from the secretary of state to the president, eliminating a lengthy State Department review process. The goal is to speed up projects like the Keystone XL oil pipeline from Canada to refineries on the Gulf of Mexico.Mr. Trump issued a new presidential permit last month to Keystone XL, which has been delayed since the early years of the Obama administration. But the pipeline is being contested in the courts by environmentalists, farmers and some Native American groups.“Too often, badly needed energy infrastructure is being held back by special-interest groups, entrenched bureaucracies and radical activists,” Mr. Trump told an audience at the International Union of Operating Engineers training center in Crosby, Tex., near Houston. “This obstruction does not just hurt families and workers like you. It undermines our independence and national security.”Environmentalists were quick to criticize the orders issued Wednesday, which they said would exacerbate climate change.“President Trump is curtailing the public’s voice in an attempt to force dirty energy projects on communities across America,” said Joshua Axelrod, a lawyer for the Natural Resources Defense Council. “Pipelines like Keystone XL pose dangers to our water, our farms and our climate.”But oil executives said the orders would give Washington greater flexibility as it tried to limit oil exports from Venezuela and Iran while keeping gasoline prices low.“These are things that are good for our country and for the energy business to continue to help us be energy independent,” said Dale Redman, chief executive of ProPetro, a major Texas oil service company.Delays in pipeline construction have long bedeviled oil and gas companies, constraining production growth in West Texas and elsewhere. But new pipelines crossing Texas will be completed at the end of this year and in 2020 without much federal intervention.In some cases, oil field economics, not federal policy, have stood in the way of new pipelines. Many energy companies have been burning gas that bubbles up with crude oil — a process known as flaring — because gas prices are so low that it would not be profitable to build pipelines to bring all of it to market.But several states have put up roadblocks to Mr. Trump’s efforts to champion fossil fuels like oil, gas and coal. Washington State has blocked the building of export terminals vital to the survival of the Western coal industry at a time when utilities are shutting down coal-fired power plants. And Michigan last month halted an underwater oil pipeline project proposed by Enbridge, a major Canadian energy company, to import oil from Canada.Mr. Cuomo said in a statement on Wednesday, “President Trump’s executive order is a gross overreach of federal authority that undermines New York’s ability to protect our water quality and our environment.”Wednesday’s orders direct federal officials to pursue policies designed to expedite projects. For example, the president is telling Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta to review barriers to financing energy projects, including decisions by universities and pension funds to divest from oil, gas and coal companies. And he is instructing the Transportation Department to allow freight railroads and tanker trucks to haul liquefied natural gas, a growing export commodity.Among Thomas Edison’s 1,000-plus inventions, his development of his patented incandescent light bulb surely was among his greatest. Yet Mr. Edison, our great-grandfather, recognized how wasteful the bulb was from the start. It gave off almost 90 percent of its energy as heat instead of light. Still, though the bulb worked extremely well in its own time, he never saw it as the end game.Our great-grandfather took out multiple patents on multiple inventions, including the light bulb, always with the idea that they could and should be improved. It took more than a century before others came up with significantly more efficient incandescent bulbs. In the past two decades, the pace of improvement gained rapid momentum, leading to super-efficient, long-lasting light bulbs that save people a great deal of money on electricity. That’s the kind of progress Thomas Edison would have eagerly welcomed.Despite these monumental advances, the Department of Energy now wants to roll back new efficiency standards signed into law by President George W. Bush and updated, as required, during the Obama administration. The latest update added inefficient three-way, reflector, globe-shaped and candelabra-style bulbs to the list covered by the standards. These incandescent and halogen bulbs are used in up to 2.7 billion lighting sockets, just under half of all the conventional sockets in American homes and businesses. The new standards, which would require these bulbs to be as efficient as widely used pear-shaped bulbs and would phase out inefficient incandescents and halogens, were approved in 2017 in the waning days of the Obama administration after a rule-making process of more than two years. Manufacturers and retailers have been preparing since then for the new rules to become effective on Jan. 1, 2020. Unfortunately, the Trump administration plans to step back from that decision and exempt these bulbs from the standards. If that happens, American consumers will miss out on an estimated $12 billion in annual savings on their utility bills, or about $100 for each household, according to the Appliance Standards Awareness Project. It also means more electricity will need to be generated — 25 coal-burning 500-megawatt power plants’ worth, based on calculations by the Natural Resources Defense Council, creating the same amount of pollution that spews from the tailpipes of seven million cars a year.The European Union has already banned incandescent and halogen bulbs, and many developing countries are in the process of doing the same, which means America could become a dumping ground for cheap, energy-wasting bulbs.Congress and the public need to register their strong opposition with the Energy Department by May 3 to increase the odds that the agency will do the right thing and maintain these new energy-saving standards, not narrow their scope.In addition to abandoning the standards on those incandescent and halogen bulbs, the Trump administration may opt to not enforce standards that require traditional pear-shaped bulbs and others to be at least 65 percent to 70 percent more efficient than old incandescents, beginning next year. The state of California imposed such a requirement last year, but an Energy Department lawyer testified at an administrative hearing in February that the department did not consider itself obligated to do so nationally, though a decision had not been made.These actions come as we face increasing threats from climate change. As the N.R.D.C. has noted, few actions can reduce the carbon dioxide emissions that are warming the planet as cheaply and easily as replacing energy-wasting bulbs with highly efficient ones. The group estimates that if every household in the United States replaced just one old bulb with an L.E.D., the country’s overall electric bill would be cut by more than $5 billion in 10 years, and two million metric tons of carbon dioxide pollution would be avoided. The savings are so big because the average American household has around 40 lighting sockets, and many still employ energy-wasting bulbs. We need efficiency standards to spur more innovation and ensure that our store shelves carry new bulbs reflecting the latest technology.Regrettably, special interests have reared their heads once again. Big bulb manufacturers supported by the Energy Department prefer to take the cheap, inefficient and environmentally harmful path for short-term profits. They would sacrifice our common good for their selfish greed.There was a sign that was placed all over our great-grandfather’s labs that read: “There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.” It would appear that some people in the administration are proving that statement, attributed to the 18th-century painter Joshua Reynolds, to be right, by even considering these lighting rollback plans.Our great-grandfather’s light bulb helped change the world. But it’s almost 140 years old and it’s time to modernize. Thomas Edison would have been the first to say so.J. Heywood Edison Sloane is a trustee and the treasurer of the Edison Birthplace Association. C. Barry Edison Sloane is a risk management consultant and a trustee of the association.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.HALLOWELL, Maine — A proposed 145-mile (233-kilometer) transmission line that would serve as a conduit for Canadian hydropower to reach the New England power grid cleared a major hurdle Thursday with approval of the Maine Public Utilities Commission.The three-member panel unanimously approved Central Maine Power's $1 billion project, but further regulatory approvals will be necessary for the project to become a reality.CMP's New England Clean Energy Connect would allow 1,200 megawatts of Canadian hydropower to reach consumers in Massachusetts to meet that state's green energy goals. Commissioners concluded that there are substantial benefits for Maine, as well, including reduced carbon pollution, lower electric rates and enhanced energy reliability, along with $258 million in incentives.Commission Chairman Mark Vannoy said Thursday that the economic and environmental gains are needed in a region trying to balance the need for more energy with environmental stewardship."We're at a critical point here: It's needed, it's necessary, and the state of Maine is moving forward," he said, calling the outcome "a good result for Maine ratepayers."But a staff attorney for the Natural Resources Council of Maine called the decision "deeply flawed" and accused regulators of siding with "Central Maine Power's corporate interests over the best interests of the state of Maine and ratepayers of Maine.""This decision dramatically overstates the benefits while dramatically undervaluing the negative impacts to the state of Maine," Sue Ely said.Though the project is being funded by Massachusetts, critics say it would destroy Maine's unspoiled wilderness without guarantees of environmental benefits. They also say it would snuff out homegrown green energy projects, like solar and wind power, in Maine.Much of the project calls for widening existing corridors, but a new swath would be cut through 53 miles (85 kilometers) of wilderness in western Maine. It would cross the Appalachian Trail, 263 wetlands and 115 streams, according to the Natural Resources Council of Maine.Further approvals are necessary. The Maine Department of Environmental Protection, the Maine Land Use Planning Commission and other regulators all have to approve some aspect of the CMP project. The Department of Environmental Protection will make the final decision on CMP's site permit and compliance with the state Natural Resources Protection Act, agency spokesman David Madore said.Maine Public Advocate Barry Hobbins and Democratic Gov. Janet Mills both endorsed the project after CMP sweetened the deal with a package of benefits for Maine.The utility's $258 million in incentives would provide $140 million for rate relief for retail customers, $50 million for low-income energy customers, $15 million to subsidize heat pump purchases and $15 million for electric cars and charging stations.Supporters say the project would provide electricity for a million homes and drive down electricity rates for all of New England. An independent consultant, London Economics International LLC, concluded carbon dioxide emissions would be lowered by 3.6 million metric tons per year.A subsidiary of CMP, which is part of Connecticut-based Avangrid, would be created to oversee construction of the power line to ensure Maine ratepayers are insulated from costs.The utility hopes to receive all regulatory approvals by year's end and for construction to begin next year, said Thorn Dickinson, vice president for business development.RIYADH — The Saudi energy minister on Monday said it was premature to say whether a consensus existed among OPEC and its allies to extend oil supply cuts but a meeting next month would be key.A joint OPEC and non-OPEC ministerial committee known as the JMMC is due to meet in May. Saudi Arabia and Russia are members of the panel, which includes other major oil producers that took part in a global supply-cutting agreement last year, such as Iraq, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Nigeria and Kazakhstan."JMMC will be a key decision point because we will certainly by then know where the consensus view is and, more importantly, before we ask for consensus, we will know where the fundamentals are pointing," said Saudi energy minister Khalid al-Falih."I think May is going to be key," he added.Oil inventories remain higher than average but the market is on its way towards rebalancing, Falih said. "I don't think we will need (to do more) ... the market is on its way towards balance. We have done a lot more than others," he added, referring to the possibility of Saudi Arabia cutting output further below its target under the global deal. "We are getting to a stage where inventories are starting to stabilise and come down but still significantly above what I would consider a normal level."Russia, which is cutting oil output in tandem with OPEC, also said production cuts would stay in place at least until June, when Washington's next steps on reducing Iranian and Venezuelan oil exports become clearer.NO CHANGE IN TRADING CURRENCYThe United States has been increasing its own crude exports steeply and U.S. President Donald Trump has been pressing OPEC to lower the oil price by boosting production.U.S. policies targeting Iran and Venezuela have introduced a new level of uncertainty for OPEC as the producer group struggles to predict global supply and demand. Washington is also advancing a bill, known as NOPEC, that could expose OPEC members to U.S. antitrust lawsuits.The NOPEC move prompted Saudi Arabia to threaten to sell its oil in currencies other than the dollar if Washington passes the bill, three sources familiar with Saudi energy policy told Reuters last week. However, the kingdom's energy ministry on Monday said the report was “inaccurate” and does not reflect its position on the matter."The Kingdom has been trading its oil in dollars for decades, which has served the objectives of its financial and monetary policies well,” the ministry said in a statement.It added that Saudi Arabia would not risk its key policy priority -- as a stabilising force for global energy markets -- through a fundamental change to the financial terms of oil trading in its relationships around the world. Falih also told reporters at an oil event in Riyadh that there was no change to the kingdom's policy of trading oil in U.S. dollars."Absolutely not. There is no change whatsoever to our long-standing policy," Falih said. The United Arab Emirates' energy minister, Suhail bin Mohammed al-Mazroui, also said that the use of the dollar as the main oil-trading currency could not be changed overnight. (Writing by Aziz El Yaakoubi; Editing by Dale Hudson and David Goodman)One of the great achievements of politics in the late 19th and early 20th centuries was the spread of effective building codes that made our buildings safer and sturdier, and our cities less likely to burn down.For the last couple of decades we have been using those building codes for an additional purpose: saving energy. The average house or office building constructed today is required to have better windows and insulation than the drafty old buildings we used to put up, so that a new building wastes far less energy over its lifetime.Making buildings more efficient not only saves consumers money, it is also crucial in the fight against global warming because it cuts the use of fossil fuels. We are a few months away from an election, of sorts, that could tighten our building codes still further.But forces are already stirring in the land to make sure this vote goes the wrong way. Those forces may be abetted by low voter turnout, which has been a big problem in the past. If history repeats itself this year, the energy policy of the United States may be influenced by fewer than 500 people.The technology of buildings continually evolves, creating new ways to save energy. Tightening our building codes regularly is the best way to pull these new techniques into the market. However, building to the latest standards can cost a little extra money, at least initially, so you can probably guess where some of the opposition originates.America has no national building code, strictly speaking. States and cities adopt and enforce their own. These local codes tend to be based on a few national model codes put out by several organizations, generally every three years.One of the most important models is the International Energy Conservation Code, which many American communities use as the template for their energy-saving code provisions. The latest version will be finalized in a round of voting later this year, and most communities will decide in 2020 whether to incorporate it into their own codes. So in this election, the “candidates” are proposed new standards for how people ought to construct buildings in the United States. Who gets to vote? Basically, the governments that will ultimately decide whether to adopt this code as their own pick representatives to cast ballots. Small towns get a handful of votes while big cities get more. Municipalities tend to nominate representatives with expertise in the subject — say, the heads of their building, fire and planning departments.In theory, tens of thousands of these municipal officials could vote in the election. But people running busy departments have tended to let this duty fall off their radar, with many of those eligible to vote never signing up to take part. And of those who do sign up, some are chiefly concerned with provisions like fire safety, so they stop voting when they get to the energy provisions.By now you may be wondering why all this is important. Because when so few people vote, groups opposed to improved building codes can gin up enough no votes to kill important measures — with long-term consequences for all of us. I repeat: This is a central aspect of the energy policy for the entire country, routinely decided by fewer voters than might turn out for a New England town hall.When the energy codes started, proponents of better buildings made some amazing gains; over the course of two code cycles a decade ago, projected energy use in buildings was cut by more than 30 percent. But the last two times the vote was held, important changes to the model building code were voted down, in some cases by relatively few votes.And who would be against them? The National Association of Home Builders. This industry group always complains vociferously about requirements like newer window technology or better light fixtures that will drive up builders’ costs by 1 or 2 percent. Of course the buyers of those houses would get the money back in a few short years through lower energy bills, a point the opponents rarely mention.For the coming election, a coalition of experts focused on building efficiency is aiming for a minimum improvement of 10 percent, and hoping for more. Given how slow the building industry is to change, 10 percent is a big number. The home builders are already organizing to try to block the effort.So we need our communities to act. In particular, more than 400 American mayors have committed themselves to battling greenhouse emissions. If you are one of them, here is a concrete step: Make sure that your city or county agencies have paid their dues to the International Code Council, the group that runs this election, and that they intend to nominate voting representatives. The deadline to pay the dues is March 29, and if your jurisdiction does not sign up by then, it will not be able to cast votes this fall.The measures themselves are pretty technical, so how can you tell which are good? Anybody planning to vote on the model code should follow the work of the Energy Efficient Codes Coalition, in Washington, which plans to offer advice on specific measures.Once an improved model code is out next year, mayors should move to adopt it for their localities as quickly as possible. Yes, the local builders will whine. You can point out to them that we are trying to salvage a livable climate for our children and grandchildren, and we really need their help putting up less wasteful buildings.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.YONKERS — [What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]Across the suburbs north of New York City, clusters of luxury towers are rising around commuter rail stations, designed to lure young workers seeking easy access to Manhattan. In all, 16,000 apartments and condominiums are in the works in more than a dozen towns, along with spaces for restaurants and shops.But the boom unfolding in Westchester County is under threat — not from any not-in-my-backyard opposition or a slumping real estate market.Instead, it is coming from something unexpected: a lack of natural gas.Con Edison, the region’s main utility, says its existing network of pipelines cannot satisfy an increasing demand for the fuel.As a result, the utility has taken the extreme step of imposing a moratorium on new gas hookups in a large swath of Westchester, including for residential buildings planned in Yonkers, White Plains and New Rochelle. The only other places in the country with similar restrictions are in Massachusetts, gas industry officials said.“It’s just a question of how people are going to be able to heat their homes and cook their food with the energy that’s available right now,’’ said Michael Clendenin, a spokesman for Con Ed.There is an ample supply of natural gas in the United States, but opposition to building or expanding interstate pipelines has caused delivery challenges in the Northeast, according to industry officials. Two counties in western Massachusetts have had a moratorium on new gas hookups since 2014.In Westchester, Con Ed’s moratorium, which is primarily concentrated in the southern section of the county, has set off anger and panic among developers and elected leaders who say it has left dozens of projects in limbo, creating uncertainty about housing, jobs and the area’s economic future.“I’m still traumatized by the last decade when we had a head of steam and it all fell apart due to the economy,” said Noam Bramson, the mayor of New Rochelle, where dozens of projects are under construction or planned. “There are windows of opportunity when you can accomplish something and windows can close quickly.’’In Yonkers, a developer has offered the city $16 million to buy a municipal parking lot and turn it into a complex with housing, shopping and a hotel. But the deal has yet to close and the city’s mayor, Mike Spano, is concerned that without access to gas the developer may pull out.The developer, Michael Mitnick, declined to comment on the project’s fate, but said other options, like green heating technology, can be less reliable and more expensive.“You do not want to get too fancy or too creative with major building systems,’’ he said.But Con Ed’s decision has also been met with deep skepticism — many elected leaders and residents question whether the utility is creating a crisis to make it easier to win approval from the Cuomo administration for new pipelines. State regulators with the power to force Con Ed to lift the moratorium are reviewing the situation.“This would be a good game of chicken, especially when the target is lower Westchester,” Mr. Spano said. “If you want to get the governor’s attention, this is the way to do it.”Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo lives in Mount Kisco, a town included in Con Edison’s moratorium, and wants the state to move away from fossil fuels toward cleaner energy, like wind. He has banned fracking, a process to extract gas from shale rock, and two years ago his administration rejected a major interstate pipeline project, saying its construction would endanger wetlands.That rejection, Con Ed officials said, cast a chill over the gas industry and has made it difficult for the utility to entice any pipeline developers willing to build in Westchester. State officials also turned down a proposal by Con Ed to help finance a new pipeline, utility officials said.“The market changed,’’ Mr. Clendenin said. “Investors were no longer willing to take the risk.’’But Mr. Cuomo’s office said Con Ed was seeking to make excuses for its failure to anticipate market changes in Westchester.“The current issues these localities are facing are a result of poor planning by the utilities,” said Dani Lever, a spokeswoman for the governor. “Con Edison never even proposed new infrastructure or alternative solutions that would have adequately met increased demand for certain products prior to announcing its moratorium.”In response to the moratorium, the state recently announced a package of incentives, including grants, for developers and residents in Westchester seeking clean-energy systems.Considered a cheaper and less polluting alternative to heating oil, natural gas consumption nationwide increased 30 percent between 2009 and 2016, said Lori Traweek, chief operations officer for the American Gas Association. But efforts to transport more gas to the Northeast from other parts of the country, especially from Pennsylvania and West Virginia, have been blocked over safety and environmental worries.“Is it better or worse to have a pipeline?” Ms. Traweek said. “Without it, you are taking away consumers’ affordable choice, potentially increasing emissions and reducing reliability. That doesn’t seem like a good energy policy.”In New York, the state Public Service Commission, which oversees utilities, is investigating Con Ed’s claims about the natural gas situation in Westchester and plans to issue its findings in July. It could overturn the moratorium, require Con Ed to find an additional gas supply or allow the moratorium to stand.“The P.S.C. is committed to ensuring reliable, safe and affordable energy for New Yorkers, and considers all proposals from utilities to meet that need on the merits,” said James Denn, a commission spokesman.The tension in Westchester touches on a wider debate about climate change, fossil fuels, renewable energy and environmental policy.National Grid — a utility that supplies natural gas to 1.8 million customers in Brooklyn and parts of Queens, as well as on Long Island and Staten Island — is seeking the state’s approval to build a 24-mile pipeline from New Jersey through lower New York Bay.“We cannot continue to sign up customers for new service if we don’t have the supply to back it up,” said John Bruckner, a top executive at National Grid.In Westchester, developers rushed to submit applications for gas hookups before the moratorium went into effect on March 15. About 900 applications were submitted and Con Ed will notify applicants in the coming weeks if their requests have been approved.Joe Apicella, managing director of MacQuesten Development, was one of the applicants. His company plans to build a 28-story residential tower in New Rochelle that will also include a new city hall and firehouse.“To shut the spigot off entirely without a well-thought-out plan is just irresponsible,’’ Mr. Apicella said. “It’s a monopoly. You can’t go to company B.”Dr. Courtney M. Williams, who lives in Peekskill and is a founder of Safe Energy Rights Group, an environmental group, said the moratorium should lead to a broader discussion about climate change and greener energy policies.“Any investment in pipeline infrastructure is locking us into a fossil fuel future,” Dr. Williams said. “These companies have invested millions in antiquated infrastructure. The writing is on the wall. It is really clear that we need to invest in renewable energy.”NEW YORK — Republican U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley is seeking information from the Department of Energy on how it scores applications from small refineries seeking waivers from the nation's biofuel laws, according to letter seen by Reuters.The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, under President Donald Trump, has greatly expanded the small refinery waiver program, angering corn farmers in the U.S. Midwest. The EPA has expanded the program, despite recommendations from the Energy Department to grant fewer, smaller exemptions. (Reporting by Jarrett Renshaw; Editing by Tom Brown)There was, you might say, a disturbance in the Force.Long, long ago, when the universe was only about 100,000 years old — a buzzing, expanding mass of particles and radiation — a strange new energy field switched on. That energy suffused space with a kind of cosmic antigravity, delivering a not-so-gentle boost to the expansion of the universe.Then, after another 100,000 years or so, the new field simply winked off, leaving no trace other than a speeded-up universe.So goes the strange-sounding story being promulgated by a handful of astronomers from Johns Hopkins University. In a bold and speculative leap into the past, the team has posited the existence of this field to explain an astronomical puzzle: the universe seems to be expanding faster than it should be.The cosmos is expanding only about 9 percent more quickly than theory prescribes. But this slight-sounding discrepancy has intrigued astronomers, who think it might be revealing something new about the universe.And so, for the last couple of years, they have been gathering in workshops and conferences to search for a mistake or loophole in their previous measurements and calculations, so far to no avail.“If we’re going to be serious about cosmology, this is the kind of thing we have to be able to take seriously,” said Lisa Randall, a Harvard theorist who has been pondering the problem.[Sign up to get reminders for space and astronomy events on your calendar.]At a recent meeting in Chicago, Josh Frieman, a theorist at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory in Batavia, Ill., asked: “At what point do we claim the discovery of new physics?”Now ideas are popping up. Some researchers say the problem could be solved by inferring the existence of previously unknown subatomic particles. Others, such as the Johns Hopkins group, are invoking new kinds of energy fields.Adding to the confusion, there already is a force field — called dark energy —  making the universe expand faster. And a new, controversial report suggests that this dark energy might be getting stronger and denser, leading to a future in which atoms are ripped apart and time ends.Thus far, there is no evidence for most of these ideas. If any turn out to be right, scientists may have to rewrite the story of the origin, history and, perhaps, fate of the universe.Or it could all be a mistake. Astronomers have rigorous methods to estimate the effects of statistical noise and other random errors on their results; not so for the unexamined biases called systematic errors.As Wendy L. Freedman, of the University of Chicago, said at the Chicago meeting, “The unknown systematic is what gets you in the end.”Hubble troubleGenerations of great astronomers have come to grief trying to measure the universe. At issue is a number called the Hubble constant, named after Edwin Hubble, the Mount Wilson astronomer who in 1929 discovered that the universe is expanding.As space expands, it carries galaxies away from each other like the raisins in a rising cake. The farther apart two galaxies are, the faster they will fly away from each other. The Hubble constant simply says by how much.But to calibrate the Hubble constant, astronomers depend on so-called standard candles: objects, such as supernova explosions and certain variable stars, whose distances can be estimated by luminosity or some other feature. This is where the arguing begins.[Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]Until a few decades ago, astronomers could not agree on the value of the Hubble constant within a factor of two: either 50 or 100 kilometers per second per megaparsec. (A megaparsec is 3.26 million light years.)But in 2001, a team using the Hubble Space Telescope, and led by Dr. Freedman, reported a value of 72. For every megaparsec farther away from us that a galaxy is, it is moving 72 kilometers per second faster.More recent efforts by Adam G. Riess,  of Johns Hopkins and the Space Telescope Science Institute, and others have obtained similar numbers, and astronomers now say they have narrowed the uncertainty in the Hubble constant to just 2.4 percent.But new precision has brought new trouble. These results are so good that they now disagree with results from the European Planck spacecraft, which predict a Hubble constant of 67.The discrepancy — 9 percent — sounds fatal but may not be, astronomers contend, because Planck and human astronomers do very different kinds of observations.Planck is considered the gold standard of cosmology. It spent four years studying the cosmic bath of microwaves left over from the end of the Big Bang, when the universe was just 380,000 years old. But it did not measure the Hubble constant directly. Rather, the Planck group derived the value of the constant, and other cosmic parameters, from a mathematical model largely based on those microwaves.In short, Planck’s Hubble constant is based on a cosmic baby picture. In contrast, the classical astronomical value is derived from what cosmologists modestly call “local measurements,” a few billion light-years deep into a middle-aged universe.What if that baby picture left out or obscured some important feature of the universe?‘Cosmological Whac-a-Mole’ And so cosmologists are off to the game that Lloyd Knox, an astrophysicist from the University of California, Davis, called “cosmological Whac-a-Mole” at the recent Chicago meeting: attempting to fix the model of the early universe, to make it expand a little faster without breaking what the model already does well.One approach, some astrophysicists suggest, is to add more species of lightweight subatomic particles, such as the ghostlike neutrinos, to the early universe. (Physicists already recognize three kinds of neutrinos, and argue whether there is evidence for a fourth variety.) These would give the universe more room to stash energy, in the same way that more drawers in your dresser allow you to own more pairs of socks. Thus invigorated, the universe would expand faster, according to the Big Bang math, and hopefully not mess up the microwave baby picture.A more drastic approach, from the Johns Hopkins group, invokes fields of exotic anti-gravitational energy. The idea exploits an aspect of string theory, the putative but unproven “theory of everything” that posits that the elementary constituents of reality are very tiny, wriggling strings.String theory suggests that space could be laced with exotic energy fields associated with lightweight particles or forces yet undiscovered. Those fields, collectively called quintessence, could act in opposition to gravity, and could change over time — popping up, decaying or altering their effect, switching from repulsive to attractive.The team focused in particular on the effects of fields associated with hypothetical particles called axions. Had one such field arisen when the universe was about 100,000 years old, it could have produced just the right amount of energy to fix the Hubble discrepancy, the team reported in a paper late last year. They refer to this theoretical force as “early dark energy.”“I was surprised how it came out,” said Marc Kamionkowski, a Johns Hopkins cosmologist who was part of the study. “This works.”The jury is still out. Dr. Riess said that the idea seems to work, which is not to say that he agrees with it, or that it is right. Nature, manifest in future observations, will have the final say.Dr. Knox called the Johns Hopkins paper “an existence proof” that the Hubble problem could be solved. “I think that’s new,” he said.Dr. Randall, however, has taken issue with aspects of the Johns Hopkins calculations. She and a trio of Harvard postdocs are working on a similar idea that she says works as well and is mathematically consistent. “It’s novel and very cool,” Dr. Randall said.So far, the smart money is still on cosmic confusion. Michael Turner, a veteran cosmologist at the University of Chicago and the organizer of a recent airing of the Hubble tensions, said, “Indeed, all of this is going over all of our heads. We are confused and hoping that the confusion will lead to something good!” Doomsday? Nah, nevermindEarly dark energy appeals to some cosmologists because it hints at a link to, or between, two mysterious episodes in the history of the universe. As Dr. Riess said, “This is not the first time the universe has been expanding too fast.”The first episode occurred when the universe was less than a trillionth of a trillionth of a second old. At that moment, cosmologists surmise, a violent ballooning propelled the Big Bang; in a fraction of a trillionth of a second, this event — named “inflation” by the cosmologist Alan Guth, of M.I.T. — smoothed and flattened the initial chaos into the more orderly universe observed today. Nobody knows what drove inflation.The second episode is unfolding today: cosmic expansion is speeding up. But why? The issue came to light in 1998, when two competing teams of astronomers asked whether the collective gravity of the galaxies might be slowing the expansion enough to one day drag everything together into a Big Crunch.To great surprise, they discovered the opposite: the expansion was accelerating under the influence of an anti-gravitational force later called dark energy. The two teams won a Nobel Prize.Dark energy comprises 70 percent of the mass-energy of the universe. And, spookily, it behaves very much like a fudge factor known as the cosmological constant, a cosmic repulsive force that Einstein inserted in his equations a century ago thinking it would keep the universe from collapsing under its own weight. He later abandoned the idea, perhaps too soon.Under the influence of dark energy, the cosmos is now doubling in size every 10 billion years — to what end, nobody knows.Early dark energy, the force invoked by the Johns Hopkins group, might represent a third episode of antigravity taking over the universe and speeding it up. Perhaps all three episodes are different manifestations of the same underlying tendency of the universe to go rogue and speed up occasionally. In an email, Dr. Riess said, “Maybe the universe does this from time-to-time?”If so, it would mean that the current manifestation of dark energy is not Einstein’s constant after all. It might wink off one day. That would relieve astronomers, and everybody else, of an existential nightmare regarding the future of the universe. If dark energy remains constant, everything outside our galaxy eventually will be moving away from us faster than the speed of light, and will no longer be visible. The universe will become lifeless and utterly dark.But if dark energy is temporary — if one day it switches off — cosmologists and metaphysicians can all go back to contemplating a sensible tomorrow.“An appealing feature of this is that there might be a future for humanity,” said Scott Dodelson, a theorist at Carnegie Mellon who has explored similar scenarios.The phantom cosmosBut the future is still up for grabs.Far from switching off, the dark energy currently in the universe actually has increased over cosmic time, according to a recent report in Nature Astronomy. If this keeps up, the universe could end one day in what astronomers call the Big Rip, with atoms and elementary particles torn asunder — perhaps the ultimate cosmic catastrophe.This dire scenario emerges from the work of Guido Risaliti, of the University of Florence in Italy, and Elisabeta Lusso, of Durham University in England. For the last four years, they have plumbed the deep history of the universe, using violent, faraway cataclysms called quasars as distance markers.Quasars arise from supermassive black holes at the centers of galaxies; they are the brightest objects in nature, and can be seen clear across the universe. As standard candles, quasars aren’t ideal because their masses vary widely. Nevertheless, the researchers identified some regularities in the emissions from quasars, allowing the history of the cosmos to be traced back nearly 12 billion years. The team found that the rate of cosmic expansion deviated from expectations over that time span.One interpretation of the results is that dark energy is not constant after all, but is changing, growing denser and thus stronger over cosmic time. It so happens that this increase in dark energy also would be just enough to resolve the discrepancy in measurements of the Hubble constant.The bad news is that, if this model is right, dark energy may be in a particularly virulent and — most physicists say — implausible form called phantom energy. Its existence would imply that things can lose energy by speeding up, for instance. Robert Caldwell, a Dartmouth physicist, has referred to it as “bad news stuff.”As the universe expands, the push from phantom energy would grow without bounds, eventually overcoming gravity and tearing apart first Earth, then atoms.The Hubble-constant community responded to the new report with caution. “If it holds up, this is a very interesting result,” said Dr. Freedman.Astronomers have been trying to take the measure of this dark energy for two decades. Two space missions — the European Space Agency’s Euclid and NASA’s Wfirst — have been designed to study dark energy and hopefully deliver definitive answers in the coming decade. The fate of the universe is at stake.In the meantime, everything, including phantom energy, is up for consideration, according to Dr. Riess.“In a list of possible solutions to the tension via new physics, mentioning weird dark energy like this would seem appropriate,” he wrote in an email. “Heck, at least their dark energy goes in the right direction to solve the tension. It could have gone the other way and made it worse!”California has positioned itself as a leader in the fight against climate change. It leads the nation by far in solar power. And it is working to reduce carbon emissions throughout the energy sector, with a goal of making the electricity grid carbon-free within a generation.But its clean-energy goals are colliding with a Texas billionaire who has staked a fossil-fuel claim in California and is aiming to get federal regulators on his side.The Texan, Andrew Beal, parlayed financial and real estate deals into an estimated personal worth of more than $8 billion and a bank bearing his name. Along the way, he became a business associate of President Trump, providing financing for Mr. Trump’s Atlantic City casinos, and has been an economic adviser and a major donor.He has also been involved in some of the single largest hands of poker ever played in Las Vegas, against Olympian talent, and has often come away a winner.“He’s the smartest guy in the room, every room he goes to,” said Dary Stone, a former member of the Texas Finance Commission, the state’s banking regulator, who has known Mr. Beal for decades.Now Mr. Beal, 66, is betting that he can turn back the inroads of alternative energy. He is arguing before federal regulators that California policies discriminate against generators powered by fossil fuels like natural gas and coal as the state promotes sources like solar and wind power.Mr. Beal’s interest arises from his 2017 purchase — through Beal Bank — of the La Paloma natural gas power plant in California’s Central Valley, which had fallen into bankruptcy as the state faced a glut of generating power.Mr. Beal is one of Mr. Trump’s biggest financial backers, having spent about $10 million on Trump-related contributions since 2015, according to Federal Election Commission records. It is not known what role, if any, Mr. Beal’s relationship with the president could have on the regulatory decision.But a decision in Mr. Beal’s favor could further the administration’s energy agenda, giving new life to coal, natural gas and nuclear power throughout the United States. It could also upend California’s recently enacted mandate for 100 percent carbon-free electricity as well as efforts nationwide to curb carbon emissions.Mr. Beal declined to be interviewed for this article.Opponents of his complaint fear a fossil-fuel resurgence and higher consumer costs as well as increased carbon emissions at a time of grueling heat waves, record droughts, catastrophic wildfires and devastating hurricanes that are being cited as signs of climate change.“I see La Paloma as a frontal assault,” Loretta Lynch, a lawyer and former president of the California Public Utilities Commission, said of the bid before federal regulators. “La Paloma is throwing a stick of dynamite into California’s policies.”A Regulatory OpeningIf you feel the planet is at stake, you might cast Mr. Beal as a villain of big-screen proportions. But those who know him see something simpler: the calculations of a man who likes big bets.He placed his wager on La Paloma when Beal Bank, a creditor, acquired the plant out of bankruptcy with a $150 million credit bid — a bid made with debt it was owed. Demand for the plant’s output had declined as new solar and wind power came online and prices began to fall in the electricity market.Looking to change that equation, Mr. Beal turned to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The agency regulates services like interstate power transmission and the wholesale market for electricity, and approves acquisitions like Mr. Beal’s takeover of La Paloma.The commission has recently shown signs that it might be sympathetic to fossil-fuel interests. In a decision involving the nation’s largest wholesale energy market, which includes the Mid-Atlantic region, regulators determined in June that clean-energy providers had been receiving unfair subsidies that allowed them to submit low bids to power purchasers. The commission ordered solar, wind and some nuclear sources to increase their bids, putting conventional power plants on a firmer footing.The La Paloma complaint builds on that argument. It contends that subsidies and mandates for solar and wind power — including rebates for residential solar-panel programs and requirements that growing percentages of utility-scale systems come from carbon-free sources — have left California dependent on energy sources that are unreliable for round-the-clock power.Critics say Mr. Beal wants the commission to create a subsidy for fossil-fuel plants, paid for by utility customers in their rates, and effectively remove the cost advantage that renewable-energy plants now have. Fossil-fuel plants are better able to ensure a continuous supply of electricity because storage capacity is not yet sufficient to keep solar or wind energy flowing when the sun isn’t shining or the wind abates. And one of the commission’s primary responsibilities is to ensure the reliability of the grid.Opposition to the Beal effort has poured in from energy markets in the Eastern and Northeastern United States, California regulators, the state attorney general, environmentalists and consumer groups. They are troubled by the potential impact of a decision siding with Mr. Beal and the possibility that regulators could apply it nationwide.Despite his low profile, there is little question of Mr. Beal’s political leanings. He created a pro-Trump super PAC, Save America From Its Government, which published a 2016 newspaper advertisement that was headlined “Obamacare: A Crash Course in Government Inefficiency” and asked, “Is America a communist country?” During the presidential campaign that year, Mr. Trump listed him as one of his economic advisers.And in a postelection interview with The Dallas Morning News, while describing himself as “a Democrat on virtually all social issues,” Mr. Beal said Mr. Trump’s victory was “the first time in my lifetime where a step in the right direction has been taken to reduce the government and get it out of people’s lives.”“That’s all we need to thrive,” he said.But Tyson Slocum, director of the energy program at the nonprofit consumer-advocacy organization Public Citizen, said he had not seen evidence of Mr. Beal’s pursuing an ideological agenda in the La Paloma case so much as a financial one.“I see it as his self-interest,” Mr. Slocum said. “If it were broader-based, he would be funding a group that would make some sort of filing in all markets. Beal’s been limited. It’s all about the bottom line here.”The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission rejected Mr. Beal’s complaint in November, saying La Paloma had failed to identify any specific unjust or unreasonable fees that harmed fossil-fuel plants. But he is appealing, and the panel’s makeup is changing.In early December, the Senate confirmed a new commission member, Bernard L. McNamee, an Energy Department official who oversaw an abortive effort to shore up the coal and nuclear industries. The panel is now split evenly between Democratic and Republican members, with another vacancy for Mr. Trump to fill.‘He Sees Something’To those who have known Mr. Beal, acquiring La Paloma and filing the complaint with federal regulators is not just happenstance.“I promise you, he sees something,” said Mr. Stone, the former Texas banking regulator, whose children grew up with Mr. Beal’s children. “Just bet on it.”Mr. Stone was a member of the Texas Finance Commission when Mr. Beal opened Beal Bank in 1988. He said he had watched Mr. Beal develop over the years into a crafty businessman who went against conventional thinking.While Wall Street giants were still issuing loans before the 2008 mortgage crisis, Mr. Beal sat on the sideline. He is said to have been convinced that credit markets were bound for disaster.“He quits lending,” Mr. Stone said. “He quits buying. He doesn’t buy back in. On any number of times he’ll say, ‘Things are too high.’” In the aftermath, he went on a buying spree.A math whiz who dropped out of college, Mr. Beal was intrigued by one of the great mysteries of mathematics, Fermat’s last theorem, named for the 17th-century French lawyer and mathematician Pierre de Fermat. Mathematicians endeavored for centuries to prove Fermat’s assertion that an + bn = cn is impossible where a, b, c and n are positive integers and n is greater than 2. A solution was finally found in 1994.Mr. Beal put forward a more general form of the theorem and issued a challenge to prove or disprove the assertion. He offered a prize, now $1 million, that has yet to be claimed. The problem has come to be known as the Beal conjecture.“Contrarian businesspeople and entrepreneurs really aren’t risk takers,” Mr. Stone said. “They’re just really good at calibrating risk.”That skill has been in evidence in the building of a fortune that has put Mr. Beal, as of Friday, at No. 190 in the world on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. It has also helped him at the poker table.For a few years, beginning in 2001, Mr. Beal won and lost millions in games against champions like Doyle and Todd Brunson and Phil Ivey — referred to as the “Tiger Woods of poker” — who came to be known as The Corporation because they pooled or borrowed money in an effort to vanquish him at the tables. The competition was documented in a book, “The Professor, the Banker and the Suicide King: Inside the Richest Poker Game of All Time.”One of the players, Howard Lederer, who has lost favor in the poker world in the wake of a federal investigation of an electronic poker operation he had ownership in, said Mr. Beal had proved his intellect in the one-on-one games.“He was new to the poker world,” Mr. Lederer said. “He’s an amateur player, but he got better really fast. I was really impressed with his intellect.”Mr. Beal notched some wins using his intellect and deep pockets, but it was Mr. Ivey who in the end ensured that the Texas billionaire did not get the better of The Corporation. Over three days in February 2006, Mr. Ivey reportedly won $16.6 million in games against Mr. Beal.It was a rare setback.The Trump ConnectionAs businessmen, Mr. Trump and Mr. Beal have been both allies and adversaries.Their relationship dates back to at least 2004, when Beal Bank supplied financing for Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts as it went through bankruptcy. The company, later known as Trump Entertainment Resorts, operated Atlantic City properties like the Trump Taj Mahal.Beal Bank supplied financing to the Trump casino business again in 2007. When Trump Entertainment Resorts filed for bankruptcy protection in 2009, Mr. Beal became a major player in the legal wrangling that ensued.At first, Mr. Trump and Mr. Beal teamed up in an attempt to buy Trump Entertainment Resorts out of bankruptcy, with Mr. Trump vowing to “make this company great again.”But bondholders objected, and Mr. Trump ended up switching sides and reaching an agreement with them. Mr. Beal then tried to acquire Trump Entertainment Resorts on his own, eventually joining forces with the billionaire investor Carl C. Icahn, another business figure who years later would support Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign.“This Beal guy is a tough negotiator,” Vincent J. Intrieri, an Icahn lieutenant, testified in bankruptcy court, recalling how the partnership came together. “I thought we were tough. But this guy makes us look like little kids.”Mr. Trump and the bondholders ultimately prevailed.Mr. Beal was close enough to the Trump family that he attended the wedding of Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka in 2009, according to a news report that year. And when Mr. Trump ran for president, Mr. Beal was an eager supporter. He has been among the biggest donors to Trump Victory, one of the president’s fund-raising vehicles in support of a re-election bid.Mr. Trump himself boasted of having Mr. Beal’s support. Just before the critical Super Tuesday nominating contests in 2016, his campaign announced that he had been endorsed by Mr. Beal and another wealthy business figure, Thomas J. Barrack Jr. of Colony Capital, a real estate investment firm.At a rally in Dallas that June, Mr. Trump mentioned Mr. Beal in his speech and suggested he was the kind of person who could play an important role in a Trump administration.“You take somebody like Andy Beal, you put him in charge of China: ‘O.K., Andy, do me a favor, renegotiate our trade deal,’” Mr. Trump told the crowd. “You know what we can all do? Go home, relax, have dinner.” He later included Mr. Beal on a list of economic advisers to his campaign.Mr. Trump and Mr. Beal met in December 2016 as Mr. Trump was preparing to take office, Mr. Trump’s transition team said at the time. It is not clear what they discussed, or whether the two men have been in contact since then. The White House declined to comment.Fair Play or Fiasco?Mr. Beal’s representatives insist that his objectives in the case before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission are limited.In a response to opponents of the complaint, lawyers for La Paloma said the goal was not “a bailout, a subsidy, preferential treatment or any guaranteed level of profits.” They said the complaint aimed to create a fair market and ensure system reliability, not to impede California’s transition to a carbon-free electric grid.“La Paloma is asking for an even playing field and an opportunity to compete in a just and reasonable and not unduly discriminatory market,” they wrote.But for California’s energy goals, Mr. Beal’s success would be a stunning setback.“La Paloma is manufacturing a problem that does not exist in order to obtain a policy result that favors it,” said Ms. Lynch, the former California utilities commissioner.For one thing, she said, a Beal victory would force utilities to contract with power sources that can operate at any time — like natural-gas or coal plants — whether they use that power or not. Such requirements are likely to result in oversupply and higher electricity costs because of the additional payments to operate plants, like La Paloma, that otherwise would face going out of business, she said.“This overbuying and overpaying will mean a lot less money will be available to use to reach California’s clean-energy goals,” Ms. Lynch said, calling it “a double economic whammy” for the state.A decision on Mr. Beal’s appeal could come within months.WASHINGTON — U.S. consumer prices climbed 0.4% in March, an increase caused mostly by higher costs for gasoline, electricity and shelter.The Labor Department says the consumer price index rose a healthy 1.9% last month from a year ago, a sharp jump from the annual pace of 1.5% in February.Inflation has been relatively modest even as the job market has strengthened over the past several years. But the increase in energy prices in March — which accounted for 60% last month's increase — ate into recent wage growth. Average hourly wages have increased 1.3% in the past year, down from a gain of 1.9% in February.Excluding the volatile energy and food categories, core prices increased 0.1% in March and 2% from a year ago.MINSK, Belarus — The president of Belarus president has threatened to retaliate against Russia for what he called its "insolent" trade restrictions.The statement by President Alexander Lukashenko reflects simmering tensions between the neighboring countries. Russia and Belarus are allies with close political and economic ties, but the governments regularly quarrel.Lukashenko has ruled Belarus with an iron hand for a quarter-century while relying on Russian loans and cheap energy to keep the economy afloat. His criticism on Thursday characterized energy price increases as part of Moscow's efforts to force Belarus to abandon its independence.Lukashenko said Russia "has grown insolent and started twisting our hands" by banning agriculture products from Belarus. He suggested Belarus could retaliate by shutting down repairs on pipelines that carry Russian crude oil to the West.ABU DHABI — U.S. buyout firm Carlyle Group has agreed to buy between 30 and 40 percent of Spanish energy company Cepsa from Abu Dhabi state investor Mubadala, valuing the stake at as much as $4.8 billion.The transaction marks the successful end of a quest by Mubadala for a new partner in Cepsa after it pulled the Spanish group's stock market flotation last year, citing uncertainty in international capital markets. Mubadala said on Monday the deal gave Cepsa a total enterprise value of $12 billion.Reuters had reported in March that Carlyle, with $216 billion of assets under management as of December, was ahead of other contenders to buy a 30 percent stake in Spain's Cepsa for up to 3 billion euros ($3.4 billion). Mubadala said the deal is expected to complete by the end of 2019, pending regulatory approval, and the final stakes of both parties will be confirmed at that time."We now look forward to working in partnership with Carlyle, which has a significant track record and energy sector capabilities, and with Cepsa’s management to further enhance and grow the business," said Musabbeh al Kaabi, Mubadala's chief executive, Petroleum & Petrochemicals. Mubadala, with assets of $225 billion including a stake in Carlyle, will remain the majority shareholder of Cepsa. Madrid-headquartered Cepsa is Europe's largest privately-owned oil and gas company. It reported a 15 percent fall in annual adjusted net profit to 754 million euros last year.Rothschild was sole financial advisor to Mubadala while HSBC and J.P. Morgan advised Carlyle.Equity for the Cepsa investment will come from Carlyle International Energy Partners I and II, Carlyle Partners VII, and Carlyle Europe Partners V and co-investors. (Reporting by Stanley Carvalho; Editing by Saeed Azhar and David Holmes)CAIRO — President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi likes to flaunt his plans for modernizing Egypt, like the flashy new administrative capital rising from the desert outside Cairo. But most Egyptians view his rule as a time of painful belt-tightening, with soaring inflation, a currency crash and cuts to subsidies that have made fuel, electricity and water more expensive.Now there is a ray of hope emerging a hundred miles offshore.It comes in the form of a windfall natural gas discovery with the potential to lift Egypt’s limping economy, build a new commercial alliance with Israel and, maybe, even revive the country’s diminished regional clout.Egypt’s gas push is part of a tectonic shift in energy and geopolitics. Natural gas, long a poor cousin to oil, is gaining importance and becoming a tool for countries to leverage power and prestige. Advances in the shipping of liquefied gas have made it a global fuel and strengthened the hand of countries that until recently were not major energy exporters, including the United States and now Egypt.The flood of new gas has been bad news for traditional exporters, particularly Russia, which has had to slash gas prices to maintain sales to Europe. Many European countries have long sought to reduce their dependence on Russia and are eager to establish new suppliers even if that means doing business with autocratic states like Egypt and Qatar, a longstanding gas supplier embroiled in a bitter diplomatic feud with its Persian Gulf neighbors.In recent years the eastern Mediterranean has become one of the world’s hottest offshore drilling zones, with a string of major gas discoveries in the territorial waters of Israel, Lebanon and Cyprus. Egypt struck the jackpot in 2015 with the discovery of a giant reservoir known as Zohr that has developed into one of the largest single gas fields in the Middle East.“We have scored a goal,” Mr. Sisi said in a televised speech last year. “I’ve been dreaming about it for four years, that we become a regional hub for energy.”Egypt now produces a record 6.3 billion cubic feet of gas a day — up by more than 30 percent since 2016 — making it one of the biggest producers in North Africa and the Middle East. In January, for the first time in several years, Egypt exported more gas than it imported. Exports are still a trickle, and Egyptian citizens have yet to see much benefit, but the government has hopes for an export-fueled boom.Oil companies plan to expand gas production by more than 40 percent in Egypt this year and are optimistic about the eastern Mediterranean more broadly.Last week Exxon Mobil announced yet another gas discovery in the waters of Cyprus that is similar in size to two other large fields nearby. The United States Geological Survey has projected that enough gas will eventually be found in the eastern Mediterranean to meet regional and European power demand for decades.“Egypt is one of the best places, along with Cyprus and Israel, to drill not only because of the discoveries but because it is close to Europe and Europe is increasing its gas use,” said Claudio Descalzi, chief executive of Eni, the Italian energy giant that is developing the Zohr field. “Egypt has all the ingredients to make it successful.”Energy giants have been flocking to Egypt in part because the government in 2015 raised the price it would pay companies for their gas by more than a third.BP invested more money in Egypt over the last two years than any other nation, and is adding $1.8 billion this year. All told, foreign oil companies are putting an estimated $10 billion into the country this year.Egypt’s new gas fortune is fortified by the fact that it has the only two large-scale gas export terminals in the eastern Mediterranean, which were built during a prior era of gas riches. The terminals, which cool gas into liquids for export by tankers, have been largely mothballed since 2014 when domestic consumption overwhelmed production.Royal Dutch Shell and Eni, which have ownership interests in the terminals, plan to have them fully operational this year. They also hope to use them to re-export gas produced by neighboring countries that do not have such terminals.“We see a new dawn in Egypt,” said Michael Stoppard, chief strategist for global gas markets at IHS Markit, an energy consulting firm. “We don’t see this as a flash in the pan.”The gas boom could help Egypt geopolitically, too, allowing Mr. Sisi to strengthen economic ties with Israel and Jordan while becoming an indispensable partner to Europe.A meeting in Cairo in January signaled the extent of his ambitions.Representatives from six Mediterranean countries and the Palestinian Authority agreed to create a regional gas organization to coordinate regulations on pipelines and commerce. The meeting included Israel’s energy minister, Yuval Steinitz, who was on the first official visit by an Israeli minister to Egypt since the 2011 Arab Spring.Egypt and Israel have been quietly cooperating for years in the fight against Islamic State militants in Sinai. Now they have bolstered their partnership in energy. Last year the Israeli oil company Delek Drilling and Noble Energy of Houston signed a deal to pipe $15 billion of Israel’s offshore gas to the Egyptian export terminals. There are plans to reopen a pipeline between Israel and Egypt through Sinai that shut down in 2012.“The fact that Israeli natural gas will be exported to Europe via Egypt facilities, the fact that we are speaking to each other,” Mr. Steinitz said in an interview, “make this an access for peace.”Also in January, Egypt struck a deal to provide half of Jordan’s gas needs by pipeline, replacing imports of more expensive liquefied gas. The Sisi government is also working to resume exports to Lebanon by another pipeline that has been inactive for years.But if gas can bring countries together, it can also stoke tensions. For example, Turkey and Cyprus have been squabbling for years about drilling in disputed waters. The pipeline through Sinai was attacked by militants in the 2000s and early 2010s. And the new Egyptian-Israeli energy relationship could be diminished if Israel builds a proposed undersea pipeline to Europe.The gas windfall has the potential to stabilize Egypt’s precarious, debt-laden finances and help clean up its polluted air. The government is pushing drivers to convert vehicles from diesel and gasoline to cheaper, cleaner natural gas. So far, 250,000 of the country’s 10 million vehicles have made the switch.But there’s little sign of the gas windfall on the streets of Cairo, where the government has failed to dent high unemployment or halt a slide in public services.A few weeks ago, Mohamed Ramadan took his taxi to a government-financed garage to have it converted from gasoline to compressed natural gas. The government is offering financial incentives and building filling stations.Mr. Ramadan estimated the conversion would save him 50 percent on fuel expenses, which would help him make his car installments and pay school fees for his three children. But he worried that inflation would wipe out most of what he saved.“It really doesn’t make much of a difference, because everything else is getting more expensive,” he said.Like many developing countries, Egypt has a mixed record of sharing the benefits of mineral wealth. In the 2000s, Egypt’s ruler at the time, Hosni Mubarak, frittered away export earnings from an earlier gas boom on energy subsidies while doling out lucrative contracts to cronies.By 2009, the boom was over, and oil companies shipped out their drilling rigs. In 2012 a court sentenced Hussein Salem, a business tycoon and Mubarak confidant, to 15 years in prison for his part in a scheme involving a manipulation of gas sales to Israel that was estimated to have cost Egypt several billion dollars. (Mr. Salem, who was living in Europe, avoided prison.)Egypt’s economic and demographic problems have worsened since then. Youth unemployment is around 34 percent, and the population is growing by a million people every six months and is expected to surpass 100 million later this year.Even energy executives warn that Egypt could squander its gas wealth if the government doesn’t cut electricity and gas subsidies to control rising domestic energy consumption.Gas discoveries are a “sizable gift,” said Ahmed Heikal, chairman of Qalaa Holdings, a leading energy investment company. “But if you receive a gift from God you have to use it wisely.”As young people rightly demand real solutions to climate change, the question is not what to do — eliminate fossil fuels by 2050 — but how. Beyond decarbonizing today’s electric grid, we must use clean electricity to replace fossil fuels in transportation, industry and heating. We must provide for the fast-growing energy needs of poorer countries and extend the grid to a billion people who now lack electricity. And still more electricity will be needed to remove excess carbon dioxide from the atmosphere by midcentury.Where will this gargantuan amount of carbon-free energy come from? The popular answer is renewables alone, but this is a fantasy. Wind and solar power are becoming cheaper, but they are not available around the clock, rain or shine, and batteries that could power entire cities for days or weeks show no sign of materializing any time soon. Today, renewables work only with fossil-fuel backup. Germany, which went all-in for renewables, has seen little reduction in carbon emissions, and, according to our calculations, at Germany’s rate of adding clean energy relative to gross domestic product, it would take the world more than a century to decarbonize, even if the country wasn’t also retiring nuclear plants early. A few lucky countries with abundant hydroelectricity, like Norway and New Zealand, have decarbonized their electric grids, but their success cannot be scaled up elsewhere: The world’s best hydro sites are already dammed.Small wonder that a growing response to these intimidating facts is, “We’re cooked.”But we actually have proven models for rapid decarbonization with economic and energy growth: France and Sweden. They decarbonized their grids decades ago and now emit less than a tenth of the world average of carbon dioxide per kilowatt-hour. They remain among the world’s most pleasant places to live and enjoy much cheaper electricity than Germany to boot.They did this with nuclear power. And they did it fast, taking advantage of nuclear power’s intense concentration of energy per pound of fuel. France replaced almost all of its fossil-fueled electricity with nuclear power nationwide in just 15 years; Sweden, in about 20 years. In fact, most of the fastest additions of clean electricity historically are countries rolling out nuclear power.This is a realistic solution to humanity’s greatest problem. Plants built 30 years ago in America, as in France, produce cheap, clean electricity, and nuclear power is the cheapest source in South Korea. The 98 U.S. reactors today provide nearly 20 percent of the nation’s electricity generation. So why don’t the United States and other countries expand their nuclear capacity? The reasons are economics and fear.New nuclear power plants are hugely expensive to build in the United States today. This is why so few are being built. But they don’t need to be so costly. The key to recovering our lost ability to build affordable nuclear plants is standardization and repetition. The first product off any assembly line is expensive — it cost more than $150 million to develop the first iPhone — but costs plunge as they are built in quantity and production kinks are worked out. Yet as a former chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission put it, while France has two types of reactors and hundreds of types of cheese, in the United States it’s the other way around. In recent decades, the United States and some European countries have created ever more complicated reactors, with ever more safety features in response to public fears. New, one-of-a-kind designs, shifting regulations, supply-chain and construction snafus and a lost generation of experts (during the decades when new construction stopped) have driven costs to absurd heights.These economic problems are solvable. China and South Korea can build reactors at one-sixth the current cost in the United States. With the political will, China could replace coal without sacrificing economic growth, reducing world carbon emissions by more than 10 percent. In the longer term, dozens of American start-ups are developing “fourth generation” reactors that can be mass-produced, potentially generating electricity at lower cost than fossil fuels. If American activists, politicians and regulators allow it, these reactors could be exported to the world in the 2030s and ’40s, slaking poorer countries’ growing thirst for energy while creating well-paying American jobs. Currently, fourth-generation nuclear power receives rare bipartisan agreement in Congress, making it a particularly appealing American policy to address climate change. Congress recently passed the Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act by big margins. Both parties love innovation, entrepreneurship, exports and jobs.This approach will need a sensible regulatory framework. Currently, as M.I.T.’s Richard Lester, a nuclear engineer, has written, a company proposing a new reactor design faces “the prospect of having to spend a billion dollars or more on an open-​ended, all‑or‑nothing licensing process without any certainty of outcomes.” We need government on the side of this clean-energy transformation, with supportive regulation, streamlined approval, investment in research and incentives that tilt producers and consumers away from carbon.All this, however, depends on overcoming an irrational dread among the public and many activists. The reality is that nuclear power is the safest form of energy humanity has ever used. Mining accidents, hydroelectric dam failures, natural gas explosions and oil train crashes all kill people, sometimes in large numbers, and smoke from coal-burning kills them in enormous numbers, more than half a million per year.By contrast, in 60 years of nuclear power, only three accidents have raised public alarm: Three Mile Island in 1979, which killed no one; Fukushima in 2011, which killed no one (many deaths resulted from the tsunami and some from a panicked evacuation near the plant); and Chernobyl in 1986, the result of extraordinary Soviet bungling, which killed 31 in the accident and perhaps several thousand from cancer, around the same number killed by coal emissions every day. (Even if we accepted recent claims that Soviet and international authorities covered up tens of thousands of Chernobyl deaths, the death toll from 60 years of nuclear power would still equal about one month of coal-related deaths.)Nuclear power plants cannot explode like nuclear bombs, and they have not contributed to weapons proliferation, thanks to robust international controls: 24 countries have nuclear power but not weapons, while Israel and North Korea have nuclear weapons but not power. Nuclear waste is compact — America’s total from 60 years would fit in a Walmart — and is safely stored in concrete casks and pools, becoming less radioactive over time. After we have solved the more pressing challenge of climate change, we can either burn the waste as fuel in new types of reactors or bury it deep underground. It’s a far easier environmental challenge than the world’s enormous coal waste, routinely dumped near poor communities and often laden with toxic arsenic, mercury and lead that can last forever.Despite its demonstrable safety, nuclear power presses several psychological buttons. First, people estimate risk according to how readily anecdotes like well-publicized nuclear accidents pop into mind. Second, the thought of radiation activates the mind-set of disgust, in which any trace of contaminant fouls whatever it contacts, despite the reality that we all live in a soup of natural radiation. Third, people feel better about eliminating a single tiny risk entirely than minimizing risk from all hazards combined. For all these reasons, nuclear power is dreaded while fossil fuels are tolerated, just as flying is scary even though driving is more dangerous.Opinions are also driven by our cultural and political tribes. Since the late 1970s, when No Nukes became a signature cause of the Green movement, sympathy to nuclear power became, among many environmentalists, a sign of disloyalty if not treason.Despite these challenges, psychology and politics can change quickly. As the enormity of the climate crisis sinks in and the hoped-for carbon savings from renewables don’t add up, nuclear can become the new green. Protecting the environment and lifting the developing world out of poverty are progressive causes. And the millennials and Gen Z’s might rethink the sacred values their boomer parents have left unexamined since the Doobie Brothers sang at the 1979 No Nukes concert.If the American public and politicians can face real threats and overcome unfounded fears, we can solve humanity’s most pressing challenge and leave our grandchildren a bright future of climate stability and abundant energy. We can dispatch, once and for all, the self-fulfilling prophesy that we’re cooked.Joshua S. Goldstein, professor emeritus of international relations at American University, and Staffan A. Qvist, a Swedish energy engineer, are the authors of “A Bright Future: How Some Countries Have Solved Climate Change and the Rest Can Follow.” Steven Pinker is a professor of psychology at Harvard University and is the author of “Enlightenment Now.”The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.BRUSSELS — Euro zone industrial output declined in February but by less than expected, as mild weather meant that a surge in energy production at the start of 2019 reversed.The European Union's statistics office Eurostat said on Friday that production in the 19 countries sharing the euro fell by 0.2 percent in February and by 0.3 percent year-on-year.Economists polled by Reuters had expected a 0.6 percent monthly decrease and a 1.0 percent annual drop.The figures for January were also revised up to a 1.9 percent month-on-month increase from 1.4 percent and to a 0.7 percent year-on-year decline from a previous negative of 1.1 percent.Energy output, the main driver of January's increase, showed the sharpest decrease in February, when temperatures were above season averages. Indeed all components of industrial production declined month-on-month except for output of non-durable consumer goods.That component, which includes food and clothing, rose by 0.9 percent in February after a 2.1 percent increase in January.Production fell in Germany by 0.4 percent, the second consecutive monthly decline, but rose in France and Italy, the second and third biggest economies in the euro zone, by respectively 0.4 and 0.8 percent. Output in both had risen in January.For Eurostat release, click http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/news/news-releases (Reporting by Philip Blenkinsop, editing by Robin Emmott)PARIS — A consortium led by French utility Engie has won a bid for Petrobras' TAG pipeline arm with an $8.6 billion offer, in a deal that boosts Engie's presence in the fast-growing Brazilian market and helps Petrobras cut debts.Engie said on Monday its successful offer for a 90 percent stake in TAG was made alongside Canada's state-owned financial and investment firm Caisse de Dépôt et Placement du Québec, with more than $310 billion (£237.5 billion) under management.Petrobras will keep the remaining 10 percent.Engie said buying TAG, which accounts for 47 percent of Brazil's entire gas infrastructure and achieved core earnings of $1.14 billion in 2018, would provide a steady stream of profits.It will add to Engie's presence in Brazil, where its unit owns assets including hydroelectric plants, thermoelectric facilities and renewable energy sources."Our acquisition of TAG is a significant milestone for Engie in Brazil, a key market for the group where we have been present for 23 years," said Engie Chief Executive Isabelle Kocher.Under Kocher, Engie has been focusing investments on energy services, renewable energy and infrastructure, while selling out of coal-related assets."It is a good diversification for Engie," said Clairinvest fund manager Ion-Marc Valahu, whose firm owns Engie shares. "Also, Engie will benefit from growth expectations in Brazil." Engie said the acquisition of TAG would result in its net debt increasing by around 1.6 billion euros ($1.8 billion). The consortium secured around $6 billion in financing to help fund the acquisition from 10 banks, three local and seven international. It did not name the lenders. Engie shares edged up 0.6 percent in early trading on hopes the positive elements of the TAG deal would override any concerns over the rise in Engie's debts."TAG will allow Engie to accelerate its development in the gas sector in Brazil, where Engie is already present in terms of the country's electricity sector," said Roche Brune Asset Management fund manager Gregoire Laverne, who said Engie was a stock his firm was considering buying.The TAG divestment represents a victory for Petrobras' leadership and its Chief Executive Roberto Castello Branco, who is pushing to unload assets in a bid to cut debt and refocus on exploration and production.In September 2016, Petrobras sold a larger gas network pipeline, Nova Transportadora do Sudeste, for $5.2 billion to Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP, which beat out a bid by Engie. (Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by David Holmes)(Reuters) - The United States approved nearly 40 percent more oil and gas drilling permits on public lands in 2018 than it did the previous year thanks to an automated online system introduced in the waning days of the Obama administration, helping reduce a big backlog of applications.President Donald Trump has made it a priority to speed permitting and reduce regulation as a way to boost production of oil, gas and coal from public lands - an agenda that has pleased the energy and mining industries but outraged environmentalists concerned about pollution and climate change.The Department of Interior's Bureau of Land Management approved 3,991 drilling permits in fiscal 2018, up from 2,887 in 2017, the agency said, an increase of 38 percent. The average time to process an application to drill with BLM was cut nearly in half to 63 days from 120 days in 2017.A BLM spokesman, Derrick Henry, attributed the permit approval increase in 2018 to "using increased automation and flexible staffing to make decisions more quickly."The numbers were first revealed by Brian Steed, deputy director for policy and programs at BLM, in Congressional testimony earlier this month. BLM said the figures were not yet finalized and could still change.BLM in 2017 set a goal of eliminating its backlog of permit applications that have been pending for three or more years by October of this year, and in the first nine months of 2018 slashed it by 47 percent from 551 to 288, according to a BLM document reviewed by Reuters. Under the Obama administration, BLM undertook a major effort to improve its system for processing permits to address long delays and inefficiency. In 2016 it shifted to all electronic filing. Permit approval times were around 200 days prior to the introduction of the new system, according to BLM data.The Western Energy Alliance, an oil and gas industry trade group, said speedier permit approvals were due to both increased automation and a more supportive administration."The improvements in automation were started under President Obama, but having an administration which wants to move forward is even more important," said Kathleen Sgamma, WEA's president. Environmentalists say the increased speed has come at the expense of allowing the public to provide input on the drilling applications, which are posted publicly on the permitting web site for 30 days and then removed."BLM is cutting corners on environmental reviews of drilling permits by shutting out the public from commenting on those reviews," said Kelly Fuller, energy and mining campaigns director for Western Watersheds Project. The group argues that the 30-day posting falls short of the BLM's obligation to seek public input under federal environmental law. (Reporting by Nichola Groom in Los Angeles; Additional reporting by Valerie Volcovici in Washington; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)Pacific Gas and Electric, California’s largest utility, serving more than 16 million people, filed for bankruptcy protection on Tuesday because it is facing tens of billions of dollars in liability for wildfires. The company’s equipment could be responsible for causing wildfires that killed dozens of people, destroyed thousands of homes and resulted in billions of dollars in damage over the past few years. Here are some big questions about the bankruptcy.What is PG&E’s role in California’s wildfires?Equipment owned and maintained by the utility sparked at least 17 of the 21 major wildfires that burned through California in 2017, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, making the company responsible for some of the damage that resulted. The authorities recently cleared the company of responsibility in an 18th fire in 2017, a giant blaze that killed 22. State officials are still investigating the utility’s role in the fire of 2018. This month, the utility’s chief executive left the company. PG&E has been cited for safety violations in recent months and was ordered to reinspect its entire grid for hazards.How much does the company owe for damage caused by the wildfires? The utility has estimated its fire liability at $30 billion. PG&E’s debt totaled almost $52 billion at the end of September, but that was before the big wildfires started in November. It’s also not the first time PG&E has declared bankruptcy — it did so in 2001 after the state tried to deregulate utilities. Last week, Moody’s and S&P Global Ratings downgraded the utility’s bonds to junk status.What does the utility’s bankruptcy mean for residents in central and Northern California?Customers will still get power, but that electricity might become more expensive as PG&E tries to recoup its losses from the fires. The company has asked the bankruptcy court to allow it to continue reduced-rate programs for low-income residents. Bankruptcy could make it easier for customers to file new claims against the company for damage in more recent fires, but it’s likely to slow down payouts for claims that have already been filed.What does it mean for California’s renewable energy goals?California’s government is trying to increase the use of renewable energy, and PG&E said it wanted to continue its clean energy programs. But the utility’s bankruptcy filing could make that difficult. The utility will be able to renegotiate its energy contracts with suppliers to secure lower rates, and that could hurt renewable energy producers. Some producers supply all of their energy to PG&E, and although business is continuing as usual for now, they’re already feeling the pinch as their credit ratings are downgraded, too.Since the early days of the modern environmental movement, activists have embraced solar and wind power. A “small is beautiful” mantra guided a “soft path” to the renewables revolution.That vision inspired an open letter sent last week by hundreds of grass-roots environmental groups to Congress demanding a rapid transition to 100 percent renewable energy and explicitly rejecting virtually all forms of emissions-free power except solar and wind. The letter (notably lacking the signatures of six of the major national environmental groups) is one of several competing efforts to define a Green New Deal, an inchoate idea that has recently captured the political imagination on the center and left. The energy and ambition of this effort is certainly worthy of applause. But environmental leaders in Congress must recognize a hard truth. The Green New Deal will be no deal if all it buys us is solar and wind power.A breakthrough on climate will depend on a willingness by Democrats and others to harness the well-intended ambition of activists while focusing on practical ways to take carbon out of our power system. Otherwise, Republicans won’t go along, and it won’t be feasible for the electric power grid.Wind and solar have come a long way since the early days. These sources now produce about 9 percent of the electricity in the United States, and their costs have declined dramatically in recent years.We can celebrate that progress without turning it into a narrow mandate. We recently reviewed 40 studies of decarbonization pathways, and the results could not have been clearer. Without exception, every study that sought to identify the most affordable clean electricity system without artificially constraining available technology options reached the same conclusion: It was much cheaper to include so-called firm low-carbon technologies such as nuclear, carbon capture, or reliable but often overlooked renewables like geothermal or hydro dams with large reservoirs, than it would be to build a clean energy system without them.Firm electricity generation resources are available on demand, for any length of time, any season of the year. That makes them a critical complement to weather-dependent wind and solar, as well as resources like batteries or strategies like demand flexibility (which permits consumers to reduce their electricity use in periods when supplies are strained) that are best suited to fast bursts of use.In other words, firm technologies complete the clean energy team. Wind and solar add value to the grid and can even be star players. But they aren’t cut out to win the decarbonization game all on their own. Why? The variability challenge of renewables is greater than is generally appreciated. The problem is not simply the setting sun and the hourly dips in wind generation; the toughest challenge comes from the weeks and months when wind and solar production decline dramatically because of seasonal factors or prolonged weather fronts.To get through those lengthy periods, renewables-dominated systems have to be supersized, installing three to eight times more power capacity than peak demand so they can fill the void when solar and wind output is diminished. That means they also produce way too much electricity when favorable conditions return. That excess is either wasted or stored (at a cost) for later use. And, presently, storage technologies are not available to do the job cost effectively at the scale we are talking about. If such a system were to be built, it would feature a lot of poorly utilized, capital-intensive wind, solar and storage assets. Unless the cost of those technologies falls to extremely low levels, we’ll be forced to choose between clean energy and affordability. The recent riots in Paris show how that conflict might play out.Clean power systems with a mix of fuels can more easily match generation to demand and productively use all assets more often, making these systems more economical to operate. There’s no waste of large surpluses of energy or the need to develop seasonal energy storage. These advantages make the economics of a balanced low-carbon power system more attractive than those that rely solely on weather-dependent renewables. Maintaining fuel diversity also minimizes the zero-sum politics of an all-renewables grid. We don’t need to shutter the nuclear and fossil fuel industries to achieve environmental goals.To be clear, firm energy technologies face daunting challenges of their own. No one believes it is easy to build nuclear or carbon-capture power plants, which would capture carbon dioxide emissions and utilize or permanently store them. Enhanced geothermal energy (which uses techniques similar to fracking to unlock renewable energy) is still an emerging technology. But the value of these resources to a decarbonized power system would be very high, justifying efforts to accelerate their development and deployment.We are not alone in our conclusions. In his State of the State address Tuesday, Gov. Andrew Cuomo of New York deliberately outlined a transition to a 100-percent clean, carbon-free energy system by 2040 — not an all-renewables system. California recently did the same. When two of the most environmentally progressive states both see the wisdom of a broad path to decarbonization, activists would be wise to heed their pragmatic conclusions.Expanding and improving the set of firm, carbon-free energy resources would make it much more affordable and feasible to eliminate greenhouse gas emissions from electric power plants. That’s something Green New Dealers and Americans of all political stripes could get behind. Jesse Jenkins is a postdoctoral environmental fellow at Harvard. Samuel Thernstrom is the founder and executive director of the Energy Innovation Reform Project, and a senior fellow at the Center for the National Interest.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Anne Martini believes that following the principles of feng shui has resulted in concrete benefits for her and her family. When she first had her home analyzed 17 years ago, she was being laid off from a pharmaceutical company.Her feng shui expert advised her to put water in the front of her house in Princeton, N.J., to bring prosperity.“My landscaper dug six feet in the ground and created a fountain in the front, just as I was negotiating my severance package,” Ms. Martini said. “I ended up getting a quarter-million dollars more than what they had initially offered. I’ve since added two more water structures — 8-by-20-foot features — more water, more wealth!”Feng shui — the Chinese practice of using the flow of “energies” in the home to create harmony and good health — is a technique that is thousands of years old, combining Chinese astrology with the shape, magnetic direction and age of structures. It has become a popular practice for Asians and non-Asians alike as Chinese influence on cultures worldwide has grown.But just cleaning the house and decluttering space for the Lunar New Year is not good enough. Feng shui experts say energies and directions change yearly, making it important to get your home’s design in tune with the Year of the Yin Earth Pig, which started on Feb. 5 and runs until Jan. 24, 2020.David Cho, the feng shui consultant based in California who re-evaluates Ms. Martini’s home every year, said he also evaluates about 1,000 properties a year worldwide, the majority of which are owned by non-Asian clients. He’s currently working on a resort in Costa Rica, a townhouse in Manhattan, a castle in Ireland and factories in Saudi Arabia. (Consultants may charge either by property size or by the hour, with fees often starting at $400.)“Feng shui is not a one-size-fits-all thing,” Mr. Cho said. “I calculate a structure’s shape, magnetic direction and factor in the year built. The client’s relationship to a home is then determined by his or her gender and date of birth.”If you want to try some feng shui for yourself, Mr. Cho’s tips for this year include: ■ To maintain good health, accessorize the northeast area of your home with metal objects. ■ To expedite the completion of a project, add metal objects to the southwest area of your home. If your bedroom is in the southwest, and you can’t move it, put 25 pounds of metal under the bed. ■ If you’re looking for love, and your Chinese animal sign is a:Rat, dragon or monkey, place a water fountain on the center of the bedroom’s west wall.Ox, snake or rooster, place it on the center of the bedroom’s south wall.Tiger, horse or dog, place it on the center of the bedroom’s east wall.Rabbit, ram or pig, place it on the center of the bedroom’s north wall.Mr. Cho, who has been working with feng shui for more than 25 years, practices the Flying Stars school of feng shui, one of many schools of feng shui thought that aim to determine the best spaces inside and outside a home to enhance health, wealth, relationships and love.In general, Mr. Cho said, it’s a good idea to soften hard surfaces, like marble floors, with area rugs. And when it comes to getting rid of clutter in the home, don’t forget to throw out “toxic relationships,” he added.Debbie Sharp, head of The Sharp Group with Keller-Williams Peninsula Estates in Burlingame, Calif., retains Mr. Cho on an annual basis to do feng shui recommendations for her listings in the San Francisco Bay Area.“At least 80 percent of our homes are vacant and staged, and we do an optimization plan with David,” said Ms. Sharp, who also uses feng shui principles in her own home. “We don’t advertise the feng shui, but brokers and buyers always say, ‘I love the way it feels in here.’ Space, layout, energy and flow really influences people’s buying decisions.”Virginia Paca, an architect in Pasadena, Calif., who has worked primarily on historic houses and gardens in Albany, N.Y., and Southern California, said: “People are affected by the spaces they’re in, so improving your life by altering your living environment makes sense to me. There are elements of feng shui that feel similar to the way Western culture uses astrology. Some people take it very seriously. Its principles can be interpreted on a simple level and on a much deeper level.”For the last 15 years, Wei Dong, a professor in the School of Human Ecology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, has taken students to China on an international study abroad program that examines the concepts of feng shui.“Feng shui is a philosophy of life,” Mr. Dong said. “Good feng shui means being in harmony with nature, or your environment, your mind and your soul. We are all searching for something beyond functionality. I use feng shui to teach art design, painting, drawing and how to live your life.”For example, he said, if you are stressed, in feng shui terms, you have too much fire in your life, so don’t eat spicy food when you need to calm down. Water puts out fire, so seek out the tranquillity of nature and water. “If you’re stressed out, go jogging in the park,” he said.M. Carol Assa, a feng shui consultant in Los Angeles, explained that one of the 12 Chinese astrological animals and an element (fire, earth, wind, water or air) were combined annually to determine energies and directions for that year. These animal-element combinations occur in 60-year cycles.“This means that the energy of 2019 will be comparable to the energy of 1959, a year of transition that led into the cultural revolution of the ‘60s,” Ms. Assa explained. “Right now, everyone’s upset, and things are fomenting. So 2019 is a great year to put ideas together for launching in 2020.”She said that today, there is chaos in every corner of life — human rights, economics, politics, the emergence of “fake news” — but she predicted that next year would begin a new revolutionary cycle.Ms. Assa, who has been practicing for 25 years, has studied with Chinese feng shui masters from England, Hong Kong, Malaysia and Taiwan and combines elements from three schools of feng shui thought — Flying Stars, Imperial and Da Gua — in her consultations.In 2019, she said, “afflictions are located in the west, northwest, southwest and southeast.”Her tips for this year: ■ Don’t dig, cut or renovate in the northwest corner of your home. Try to avoid having your home office in this sector, and don’t sit facing the northwest. ■ The southwest will be the worst sector of a home. For good luck, you can place a set of six Chinese I-Ching coins tied with ribbon, or a six-rod hollow metal wind chime in that area. Alternatively, place a picture in a metal frame there, as it’s the intention that matters. ■ The constant opening and closing of a front door can disturb the energy of a home this year if it is in the west, northwest or southeast. If your front door is in that sector, avoid slamming the door.OSLO — When Norway's largest political party decided that the Lofoten Islands in the north should not be opened up to oil exploration, a chill ran down the spine of the energy industry.The decision by the opposition Labour party last weekend effectively ended any chance of drilling in the foreseeable future in an area of natural beauty that energy executives say is important to the future of the country's oil production.It was a stark example of how priorities are changing in a country that has become one of the world's richest on the back of oil. In particular, young people concerned about climate change are pushing for curbs on exploration, with many thinking the unthinkable: shutting down the oil industry altogether."Climate comes before cash," said Simon Sand, 16, demonstrating in front of Parliament during a recent climate protest inspired by Swedish teenage activist Gretha Thunberg.While some might dismiss such protests as youthful rebellion, young people are undeniably driving change. The decision by Labour, a traditional ally of the oil industry, to withdraw its support for Lofoten drilling was largely down to an internal campaign by its AUF youth wing. "In this area, nature has to come first," AUF leader Ina Libak, 29, told Reuters. "Because it's so vulnerable, and because of fisheries and other kinds of industries."Indeed the youth wings of seven out of the nine parliamentary parties in Norway call to either restrict or to completely phase out petroleum activities, according to a Reuters review of the programmes of the youth organisations. The youth wing of the ruling Conservative party does not call for restrictions, but says it assumes "market and environment-based" downsizing of the industry. Labour's AUF wants to phase it out altogether by 2035.Labour's Lofoten move, which created a parliamentary majority against drilling, caused consternation in the oil and gas industry. The area is estimated to contain 5 percent of total undiscovered resources on the Norwegian continental shelf and, furthermore, executives fear the green lobby will soon move on to their next target, such as exploration in the Arctic.Unions highlighted the economic risks of winding down the oil and gas sector - it employs 170,000 people and is the country's top moneymaker, projected by the government to produce 17 percent of gross domestic product this year."Every responsible government, on the left or on the right, will need to balance the budget and they will have to rely on revenues from oil and gas," said Frode Alfheim, the leader of the top trade union for oil workers, Industri Energi."Those revenues are not possible to replace from other sources. Much of the welfare state comes from this industry," he told Reuters.(GRAPHIC-Falling number of uni petroleum studies applicants - https://tmsnrt.rs/2X2nu9G)STRUGGLE FOR STAFFAnother sign of the hardening opposition towards fossil fuels, particularly young people, and its impact on the energy industry is a lack of qualified recruits to replace a rapidly ageing oil and gas workforce.State oil giant Equinor, the top oil producer in Norway by far, expects about half of its 21,000-strong workforce to retire in the next decade.Yet the number of applications for petroleum geosciences and engineering programme at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) in Trondheim, the country's leading programme, fell to 33 in 2018 from 420 in 2013 - though the 2014-2016 downturn in crude prices could also have been a big driver."It will be hard for us to provide enough for the oil companies in the next five years," Egil Tjaaland, head of the Department of Geoscience and Petroleum at NTNU told Reuters."Is this a response to the price of oil or is it because of environmental reasons, or political reasons? Young people today are looking for a secure job in and a job with a future – as it has always been," he added. But those calling for Norway - western Europe's largest oil producer and Europe's second-largest gas supplier after Russia - to wean itself off oil and gas say the future of jobs in the country is a big factor motivating their campaign. "The worst thing that we can do for people working in oil and gas industry is to close our eyes to what's happening abroad and just say 'good luck with this'," Libak of Labour's AUF said."When Europe stops using oil and gas and switches to other energy sources, and that is happening very fast, it would affect us ... I'm really concerned that we will have high unemployment in 20 years if we don't make that plan now."(GRAPHIC-Petroleum sector is largest emitter in Norway - https://tmsnrt.rs/2Ido4xT)WHEN, NOT IFAda Johanna Arnstad, leader of the youth wing of the agrarian Centre Party, questioned how Norway could maintain high oil and gas output if countries met their carbon emissions reduction goals under the Paris climate accord, leading to falling demand for fossil fuels. "Right now we (Norway) are planning for the Paris agreement to come true. If it does, we will have huge issues in Norway if we continue to bet that oil and gas production will last for another 50 years," the 26-year-old said. Her family is well-versed in the energy sector; her aunt, Marit Arnstad, is a former oil minister and an ex-member of the board of Equinor. The state oil giant changed its name from Statoil last year, partly to become more appealing to young people by emphasising its renewable energy credentials. "Let's face it, the increased pressure and higher expectations (on oil companies) are not only coming from narrow political groupings, and activists, as they used to," Equinor CEO Eldar Saetre told oil executives in Houston last month. "But increasingly also from broader political circles, from more and more investors, and not least from young people." From being a poor country characterised by emigration and living off fishing and agriculture, Norway became prosperous after oil was discovered at Ekofisk in the North Sea in 1969.It now enjoys a GDP per capita roughly twice the level of Britain's, according to 2018 International Monetary Fund data, and prudently pooled its revenues from oil into a sovereign wealth fund, now $1 trillion in size and the world's largest.However, in a sign of the times, the giant wealth fund is itself now reducing its investments in oil and gas explorers to reduce its exposure to a risk of a permanent decline in oil prices.For the country's central bank, which manages the fund that owns about 1.4 percent of all equities worldwide, it's not a matter of whether the oil industry will disappear, but when."We have always known that oil and gas activities will be phased out sooner or later," Central bank Governor Oeystein Olsen told a meeting of Norway's political and business elite in February."A stricter global climate policy may mean that this will occur sooner than foreseen earlier," he said, though cautioned against actively forcing a downsizing of the industry. (Additional reporting by Alister Doyle and Lefteris Karagiannopoulos in Oslo; Editing by Gwladys Fouche and Pravin Char)SEATTLE — Jay Inslee, the governor of Washington and former member of Congress who has made climate change and the environment his signature issues, jumped into the crowded field of 2020 Democratic contenders for president on Friday.Mr. Inslee, 68, has led the state during a powerful economic expansion since taking office as governor in 2013, especially in the Seattle area. Amazon and other tech companies have hired tens of thousands of workers, and export-driven manufacturers like Boeing have boomed.But he has had mixed success in getting some of his ideas put into practice, especially those on renewable, low-carbon energy. He failed twice with voters, and once in the Legislature, to enact the nation’s first carbon tax, aimed at reducing planet-warming greenhouse gas emissions. Many residents, elected officials and business leaders balked, concerned that energy costs would rise.[Read about where Jay Inslee stands on the issues]In a video released by his campaign titled “Our Moment,” Mr. Inslee spares no time getting to his core environmental message, with the word “climate,” mentioned at least 10 times in just over 80 seconds.Shown chatting up farmers and factory workers and surveying fire disasters, Mr. Inslee says he is the only candidate for president who would make the issue the nation’s No. 1 priority, but he combines that thought with an economic development message — that a moonshot like focus on climate and a push toward “100 percent clean energy,” would also create millions of jobs. But he says the clock is ticking.“We’re the first generation to feel the sting of climate change, and we’re the last that can do something about it,” Mr. Inslee says.In speeches around the nation leading up to his announcement, Mr. Inslee has framed his candidacy around themes that are deeply familiar to residents of his home state. Biting attacks on President Trump and Republicans in Congress — popular in the strongly Democratic counties in and around Seattle — are combined with sometimes lofty, sometimes dire, rhetoric that the nation and the world are at a pivot point, where delay on energy and climate will be disastrous for future generations.[Who’s in, who’s out and who’s still thinking about it. Check out our presidential candidate tracker.]“This is the 11th hour, but it is Washington’s hour to shine. It’s a time of great peril, but also of great promise,” Governor Inslee said in his State of the State speech earlier this year. “I don’t know of any other issue that touches the heart of things so many of us care about: our jobs, our health, our safety and our children’s future,” he added, referring to climate change.Mr. Inslee has said in recent speeches that he would push the nation to global leadership in research and development of lower-carbon energy policies, likening the effort to the mass mobilizations and deployment of resources during World War II. But his base of support in his home state is also narrow.In his election to the governor’s office in 2012, he carried only eight of the state’s 39 counties, all of them along the heavily populated liberal western slope of the Cascade Range. He trailed his Republican challenger in more rural and conservative agricultural communities. In his second campaign four years later, he carried nine counties.Many Washington residents, even those who admire Mr. Inslee and have voted for him, are prone to sometimes mock him for his sunny, boyish enthusiasm in talking about passions like ocean acidification and carbon.“He’s a true believer,” said Travis N. Ridout, a professor of government and public policy at Washington State University and longtime observer of Mr. Inslee. “He’s identified with climate change. Other than that, it’s hard to — at least in my mind — come up with signature policy focuses. The positive of that is that it’s hard to think of the big scandals he’s been involved in either. He’s fairly low drama. He’s not a firebrand.”Mr. Inslee, a lawyer and former prosecutor, is a fifth-generation Washingtonian who grew up in the Seattle area and has credited part of his appreciation for the natural world to his father,  Frank Inslee, a high school science teacher who often led the family on volunteer expeditions to replant alpine meadows on the slopes of Mount Rainier, the glacier-clad volcano south of Seattle.One Democratic political consultant, Rebecca Katz, said that climate has risen in importance in the 2020 race with the introduction of the Green New Deal, a congressional resolution calling for an aggressive mobilization to move the United States to renewable energy and eliminate greenhouse gas emissions. Mr. Inslee has praised the Green New Deal, as have a number of senators who are also running for president — Cory Booker, Kirsten Gillibrand, Kamala Harris, Amy Klobuchar, Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren.“The benefit of Inslee is that he actually has a record here,” Ms. Katz said. “There’s a lot of candidates who have kind of seen the light and are now for a Green New Deal, but Inslee has been talking about this issue for a long time.”In a 23-minute speech on Friday to supporters who had crowded into a solar energy company warehouse south of downtown Seattle, Mr. Inslee spoke almost as much about optimism and hope as climate.The belief that the nation can rise to the challenge of climate threats and push toward a zero-carbon energy system, he said — and do it with social justice and fairness — is crucial to the effort.”We are an optimistic America that can do great things,” he said. “We know we can do hard things.” And under his presidency, he added, one of the first hard things would be ending special treatment for the fossil fuel industry.“I have a message for the oil, coal and gas special interests — that gravy train is over,” he said.Mr. Inslee is the first major-party politician from Washington State to run for president since Senator Henry M. Jackson, who was also a Democrat. Mr. Jackson was briefly a contender in 1976 before ultimately losing the nomination to Jimmy Carter, who won the general election that fall.In a statement to the crowd about climate — though it seemed to be about Mr. Inslee’s candidacy as well — he said that timing was everything. “We have one chance to defeat climate change and it is right now,” he said. “And it is my belief that if you have one chance in life, you take it.”(Reuters) - Oil major Chevron Corp's $33 billion deal on Friday to acquire Anadarko Petroleum Corp has some investors and industry executives asking whether it is time for other U.S. shale oil and gas producers to consider selling themselves.Anadarko has been one of the pioneers of the shale revolution, which turned the United States into the world's biggest oil producer, overtaking Russia and Saudi Arabia. The Houston-based company's willingness to ink a sale, rather than capitalize on oil prices rebounding, illustrates the significant challenges facing many U.S. shale producers.These challenges include exploration and production becoming more expensive, as the oil and gas that is easier to access gets scarcer and existing wells turn less productive. Deep-pocketed oil majors such as Chevron can better cope with these costs, because they can get cheaper drilling rates by committing to longer contacts and afford cutting-edge technology to get more out of wells. Shale producers such as Pioneer Natural Resources, Continental Resources, Diamondback Energy and Concho Resources have already been under pressure from investors to improve their profitability. Many investors now say Chevron's deal will embolden them to grill companies in the sector whether it is time to throw in the towel and sell."If you have large acreage positions like Pioneer and Concho, or lesser but more contiguous positions like Parsley Energy, and you're a pure-play Permian producer, there's no doubt that you are on the radar screen for these majors," said Rob Thummel, portfolio manager at Tortoise Capital Advisors.Pioneer, Concho and Parsley shares rose 11.5 percent, 8.8 percent and 11.7 percent respectively on Friday following the announcement of the sale of Anadarko, amid investor speculation over who the next takeover target will be.U.S. financial services firm Cowen & Co said independent producers expect to spend about 11 percent less in 2019, while major oil companies plan to spend about 16 percent more. Pioneer, one of the Permian's largest producers, said in February it plans to reduce 2019 capital expenditures by 11 percent, or about $350 million, in an effort to appease investors.While there has been dealmaking in the last 12 months - both Concho Resources Inc and Diamondback Energy Inc have bought rivals - many of the large producers which spent years gobbling each other up have been sitting on their hands, under shareholder pressure to focus on creating stronger returns.The sale of Anadarko could likely change that for potential acquirers, including ConocoPhillips and Occidental Petroleum Corp, the two largest U.S. independents behind the majors. Occidental was the rival bidder that lost out to Chevron in the race to buy Anadarko, sources said on Friday."At some point in time in the next few years the majors may reach out," Pioneer CEO Scott Sheffield told Reuters this week, before Chevron's acquisition was announced. He declined to comment on whether majors had approached Pioneer directly.Asked about his appetite for deals in February, Conoco CEO Ryan Lance said it would have to be an unusual opportunity for the company to consider an acquisition.    "We are not feeling any pressure to do anything," he said.RUNNING OUT OF INVENTORY Given the substantial production forecasts being offered by some of the majors such as Exxon Mobil Corp, they will need to acquire new acreage at a big scale to offset the often sharp declines experienced by shale wells.The majors "are eventually going to run out of inventory," said Pioneer's Sheffield. "They are drilling their inventory faster than the independents, so they are going to run out a lot faster, in my opinion."BP Plc and Royal Dutch Shell Plc, which lag peers like Exxon and Chevron in the Permian, could make acquisitions to gain more exposure to the formation, analysts said.Shell was seen as the leading contender to buy privately owned Permian producer Endeavor Energy, people familiar with the transaction told Reuters, but the two companies have, so far, failed to agree on Endeavor's valuation.Shell is further constrained by its target to spend only $30 billion on capital projects in 2019, including acquisitions, said Noah Barnett, an analyst at Janus Henderson. (Reporting by David French, Jessica Resnick-Ault and Devika Krishna Kumar; Editing by Greg Roumeliotis and Cynthia Osterman)Welcome, earthlings, to the place of no return: a region in space where the gravitational pull is so strong, not even light can escape it. This is a black hole.It’s O.K. to feel lost here. Even Albert Einstein, whose theory of general relativity made it possible to conceive of such a place, thought the concept was too bizarre to exist. But Einstein was wrong, and here you are.You shouldn’t be here. Surely you will be pulled in. But fear not, dear earthling: Your brain has taken millions of years to get here, and it’s ready for this gaze into the darkness. So let’s get started.[Sign up to get reminders for space and astronomy events on your calendar.]A black hole is a hungry beastIt swallows up everything too close, too slow or too small to fight its gravitational force. With every planet, gas, star or bit of mass consumed, the black hole grows.The edge of a black hole, its event horizon, is the point of no return. At the event horizon, light is drawn in to a black hole, never to escape. And nothing is faster than light.If you fell into a black hole, it’s not clear how you would dieWill gravity rip you apart and crush you into the black hole’s core? Or will a firewall of energy sizzle you into oblivion? Could some essence of you ever emerge from a black hole? The question of how you would die inside a black hole is one of the biggest debates in physics. Called the firewall paradox, it was posited in March 2012 by a group of theorists including Donald Marolf, Ahmed Almheiri, James Sully and Joseph Polchinski.Based on the mathematics in Einstein’s general theory of relativity of 1915, you would fall through the event horizon unscathed, then the force of gravity would pull you into a noodle and ultimately cram you into singularity, the black hole’s infinitely dense core.But Dr. Polchinski and his team pitted Einstein against quantum theory, which posited that an event horizon is a blazing firewall of energy that would torch your body to smithereens. However, the presence of a firewall would violate the precious principles of relativity, which decreed the existence of black holes. And so physics is stuck.Pretty much everything we know about how the universe works depends on black holes.Either someone is wrong, or we have to admit that earthlings still aren’t equipped to understand the universe. The firewall paradox calls into question the most definitive theories of science. The insights and wisdom of Einstein, Polchinski or Stephen Hawking notwithstanding, everything we know about the universe could change if we could know for certain what happens to information inside a black hole.Black holes can singIn 2003, an international team led by the X-ray astronomer Andrew Fabian discovered the longest, oldest, lowest note in the universe — a black hole’s song — using NASA’s Chandra X-ray Observatory. The B flat note, 57 octaves below middle C, appeared as sound waves that emanated from explosive events at the edge of a supermassive black hole in the galaxy NGC 1275.The notes stayed in the galaxy and never reached us, but we couldn’t have heard them anyway. The lowest note the human ear can detect has an oscillation period of one-twentieth of a second. This B flat’s period was 10 million years.The “songs” of black holes may be responsible for a declining birthrate of stars in the universe. In clusters of galaxies such as Perseus, the home of NGC 1275, the energy these notes carry is thought to keep the gases too hot to condense and form stars.Astronomers have evidence for black holes in nearly every galaxy in the universeAlthough no black hole is close enough to Earth to pull the planet to its doom, there are so many black holes in the universe that counting them is impossible. Nearly every galaxy — our own Milky Way, as well as the 100 billion or so other galaxies visible from Earth — shows signs of a supermassive black hole in its center. Moreover the bigger a galaxy is, the more massive is its central black hole. Nobody knows why.Of the billions of stars in the Milky Way, about one in every 1,000 new stars is massive enough to become a black hole. Our sun is not. But a star 25 times heavier is. Stellar-mass black holes result from the death of these stars, and can exist anywhere in the galaxy.Black holes are stellar tombstonesOn July 2, 1967, a network of satellites recorded an explosion of gamma rays coming from outer space. In retrospect, it was one of the first indications that black holes are real. Today, scientists believe that a gamma ray burst is the final breath of a dying star and the birth of a stellar-mass black hole.The dramatic transformation starts when a massive star runs out of fuel. As the star begins to collapse, it explodes. The star’s outer layers spew out into space, but the inside implodes, becoming denser and denser, until there is too much matter in too little space. The core succumbs to its own gravitational pull and collapses into itself, in extreme cases forming a black hole.Theoretically, if you shrank any mass down into a certain amount of space, it could become a black hole. Our planet would be one if you tried to cram Earth into a pea.‘A black hole has no hair’On March 28, 2011, astronomers detected a long gamma ray burst coming from the center of a galaxy 4 billion light-years away. This was the first time humans observed what might have been a dormant black hole eating a star.No matter what a black hole eats — a star, a donkey, an iPhone, your grammar teacher — it’s all the same to the black hole. “A black hole has no hair,” the physicist John Archibald Wheeler once said, meaning that a black hole remembers only the mass, spin and charge of its dinner.The more a black hole eats, the more it grows. In 2011, scientists discovered one of the biggest black holes ever, more than 300 million light-years away. It weighs enough to have gobbled up 21 billion suns. Scientists want to know if the biggest black holes are the result of two holes merging or one hole eating a lot. But scientists don’t know how they grew so large.To find the darkness, follow the lightLight can’t escape a black hole, so seeing what’s inside one is impossible. Getting a picture of a black hole’s edge is difficult, and getting a clear picture is something else entirely.And until now, it has never been done. So far, scientists have detected black holes only indirectly, by their signatures, such as a gamma ray burst, supernova or, perhaps, an object on the brink of a black hole’s event horizon. Typically, if tremendous energy is emanating from a massive core at the center of a galaxy, the core is probably a black hole.The Event Horizon Telescope, the one Sheperd Doeleman and his colleagues used to photograph the black hole in the galaxy M87, features a cast of more than 100 scientists on four continents and one very important crystal used to calibrate atomic clocks. In April 2017 scientists staked out eight telescopes atop mountains on four continents, synchronized them, pointed them at the sky and waited. And so they brought Einstein’s monster, the black hole, into view for the first time. A black hole is not foreverQuantum effects suggest that, as Hawking radiation leaks into the universe, a black hole will dissipate, eventually. It would take many times the age of the universe for a black hole to fully evaporate.Like Einstein, Dr. Hawking at first did not believe his own theory. But the numbers were right. Physicists now view his result as the backbone for whatever future theory will bring together gravity and quantum theory.A giant magnet in Europe will not destroy the planetBefore the European Organization for Nuclear Research fired up the Large Hadron Collider in 2008, critics worried that smashing together protons in a 17-mile ring underground would create a black hole that would swallow the earth.Scientists had smaller ones in mind. In theory, the search for the smallest particles in the universe might kick up mini black holes in the collider’s underground tubes, enabling researchers to observe general relativity and quantum mechanics in action, and perhaps open the door to solving the firewall paradox.A decade earlier, similarly apocalyptic worries arose over Brookhaven National Laboratory’s Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider. The center’s scientists squelched these concerns by pointing out that, according to their calculations, ultrahigh-energy cosmic rays were already penetrating the atmosphere and would have created about 100 tiny black holes on Earth every year. If tiny black holes were a genuine problem, Earth would have collapsed into infinity long ago.Still, in June 2008, a safety review proclaimed the L.H.C. safe. Experiments commenced, the Higgs boson was found and Earth survived after all.Astronomers announced on Wednesday that at last they had captured an image of the unobservable: a black hole, a cosmic abyss so deep and dense that not even light can escape it.For years, and for all the mounting scientific evidence, black holes have remained marooned in the imaginations of artists and the algorithms of splashy computer models of the kind used in Christopher Nolan's outer-space epic “Interstellar.” Now they are more real than ever.“We have seen what we thought was unseeable,” said Shep Doeleman, an astronomer at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, and director of the effort to capture the image, during a Wednesday news conference in Washington, D.C.The image, of a lopsided ring of light surrounding a dark circle deep in the heart of a galaxy known as Messier 87, some 55 million light-years away from Earth, resembled the Eye of Sauron, a reminder yet again of the implacable power of nature. It is a smoke ring framing a one-way portal to eternity.To capture the image, astronomers reached across intergalactic space to Messier 87, or M87, a giant galaxy in the constellation Virgo. There, a black hole several billion times more massive than the sun is unleashing a violent jet of energy some 5,000 light-years into space.[Sign up to get reminders for space and astronomy events on your calendar.]The image offered a final, ringing affirmation of an idea so disturbing that even Einstein, from whose equations black holes emerged, was loath to accept it. If too much matter is crammed into one place, the cumulative force of gravity becomes overwhelming, and the place becomes an eternal trap. Here, according to Einstein’s theory, matter, space and time come to an end and vanish like a dream.On Wednesday morning that dark vision became a visceral reality. As far as the team of astronomers could ascertain, the shape of the shadow is circular, as Einstein’s theory predicts. The results were announced simultaneously at news conferences in Washington, D.C., and five other places around the world, befitting an international collaboration involving 200 members, nine telescopes and six papers for the Astrophysical Journal Letters. When the image was put up on the screen in Washington, cheers and gasps, followed by applause, broke out in the room and throughout a universe of astrofans following the live-streamed event.Priyamvada Natarajan, an astrophysicist at Yale, said that Einstein must be delighted. “His theory has just been stress-tested under conditions of extreme gravity, and looks to have held up.” Kip Thorne, an astrophysicist at the California Institute of Technology, and who shared a Nobel Prize in 2017 for the discovery of gravitational waves from colliding black holes, wrote in an email: “It is wonderful to see the nearly circular shadow of the black hole. There can be no doubt this really is a black hole at the center of M87, with no signs of deviations from general relativity.”Janna Levin, a cosmologist and professor at Barnard College in New York, said, “What a time to be alive.” A telescope the size of EarthThe image emerged from two years of computer analysis of observations from a network of radio antennas called the Event Horizon Telescope. In all, eight radio observatories on six mountains and four continents observed the galaxy in Virgo on and off for 10 days in April 2017. The telescope array also monitored a dim source of radio noise called Sagittarius A* (pronounced Sagittarius A-star), at the heart of our Milky Way galaxy. There, 26,000 light-years from Earth, and cloaked in interstellar dust and gas, lurks another black hole, with a mass of 4.1 million suns.The network is named after the edge of a black hole, the point of no return; beyond the event horizon, not even light can escape the black hole’s gravitational pull.The mystery of black holes has tantalized astronomers for more than half a century. In the 1950s, astronomers with radio telescopes discovered that pearly, seemingly peaceful galaxies were spewing radio energy from their cores — far more energy than would be produced by the ordinary thermonuclear engines that make stars shine. Perhaps, astrophysicists thought, the energy was being liberated by matter falling onto supermassive, dense objects — later called black holes. Since then, scientists have devised detailed models of how this would work. As hot, dense gas swirls around the black hole, like water headed down a drain, the intense pressures and magnetic fields cause energy to squirt out the side. As a paradoxical result, supermassive black holes can be the most luminous objects in the universe.The images released today bolster the notion of violence perpetrated over cosmic scales, said Sera Markoff, an astrophysicist at the University of Amsterdam, and a member of the Event Horizon team. “Black holes must be the most exotic major disrupters of cosmic order,” she said.Einstein’s least favorite ideaThe unveiling today took place almost exactly a century after images of stars askew in the heavens made Einstein famous and confirmed his theory of general relativity as the law of the cosmos. That theory ascribes gravity to the warping of space and time by matter and energy, much as a mattress sags under a sleeper.General relativity led to a new conception of the cosmos, in which space-time could quiver, bend, rip, expand, swirl like a mix-master and even disappear forever into the maw of a black hole.To Einstein’s surprise, the equations indicated that when too much matter or energy was concentrated in one place, space-time could collapse, trapping matter and light in perpetuity. He disliked that idea, but the consensus today is that the universe is speckled with black holes furiously consuming everything around them.Many are the gravitational tombstones of stars that burned up their fuel and collapsed. But others, hidden in the center of nearly every galaxy, are millions or billions of times more massive than the sun.Nobody knows how such behemoths of nothingness could have been assembled. Dense wrinkles in the primordial energies of the Big Bang? Monster runaway stars that collapsed and swallowed up their surroundings in the dawning years of the universe?Nor do scientists know what ultimately happens to whatever falls into a black hole, nor what forces reign at the center, where, theoretically, the density approaches infinity and smoke pours from nature’s computer.Zeroing in on cosmic monstersAny lingering doubts about the reality of black holes dissolved three years ago when the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory, or LIGO, detected the collision of a pair of distant black holes, which sent a shiver through the fabric of space-time.Now the reality has a face. Peter Galison, a physicist, filmmaker and historian at Harvard, and a member of the Event Horizon team, noted that there is “a wonderful open-ended sense of being able to see something” instead of merely accumulating statistical evidence.Still, questions about gravity and the universe abound. “We know there must be something more,” Avery Broderick, a physicist at the University of Waterloo, in Ontario, told the audience in Washington, D.C. “Black holes are one of the places to look for answers.”Proving that the monsters in Virgo and the center of the Milky Way were really black holes required measuring the sizes of their shadows. That was no easy job. Both look exceedingly small from this distance, and resolving their tiny details would be a challenge for even the biggest individual telescope. Moreover, the view is blurred by the charged particles such as electrons and protons that fill interstellar space. “It’s like looking through frosted glass,” said Dr. Doeleman, director of the Event Horizon Telescope.To see into the shadows, astronomers needed to be able to tune their radio telescope to shorter wavelengths. And they needed a bigger telescope.Enter the Event Horizon Telescope, the dream child of Dr. Doeleman. By combining data from radio telescopes as far apart as the South Pole, France, Chile and Hawaii, using a technique called very long baseline interferometry, Dr. Doeleman and his colleagues created a telescope as big as Earth itself, with the power to resolve details as small as an orange on the lunar surface.In April 2017, the network of eight telescopes, including the South Pole Telescope, synchronized by atomic clocks, stared at the two targets off and on for 10 days.For two years, the Event Horizon team reduced and collated the results. The data were too voluminous to transmit over the internet, so they were placed on hard disks and flown back to M.I.T.’s Haystack Observatory, in Westford, Mass., and the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy, in Bonn, Germany.The data from the South Pole could not arrive before December 2017, Dr. Doeleman said in an interview, “because it was Antarctic winter, when nothing could go in or out.”Last year the team divided into four groups to assemble images from the data dump. To stay objective and guard against bias, the teams had no contact with each other. They readied themselves for an inconclusive or ambiguous result — a blur, perhaps, that they couldn’t quite read.“It was a surprise how clear this image is.”Dr. Doeleman grew optimistic last year at a dinner attended by some of the younger members of the team, who showed him the first data for M87. “There were clear signatures of a ringlike structure,” he said. After dinner, he went to his office and made some crude calculations. “That was one of those great moments,” he said. “It was a surprise how clear this image is.”As matter swirls into a black hole, it accretes into a disk just outside the abyss’s edge. The ring of light in the new image corresponds to the innermost orbit of photons, the quantum particles that make up light. By laying a ruler across that ring, astronomers could measure the size of the black hole and see that it met Einstein’s prescription. The measurement also gave a firm estimate of the mass of the Virgo black hole: 6.5 billion solar masses. That is heavier than most previous determinations, and it suggests that the masses of other big black holes may need to be revised upward. The observations also revealed that the accretion disk — the doughnut of doom — is on its side with regard to Earth, the hole facing us and spinning clockwise. The image is brighter where gas flows around the hole, toward us.Dr. Doeleman described the black hole in the center of the Milky Way as “a fascinating, interesting object.” But it is much smaller than the Virgo black hole, so its portrait is harder to capture. That task lies ahead for the Event Horizon Telescope.The telescope network continues to grow. In April 2018, a telescope in Greenland was added to the collaboration. Another observation run was made of the Milky Way and M87, and captured twice the amount of data gathered in 2017. That data was not part of the results released today, but will be used to confirm them and monitor the behavior of the black holes. Two more antennas are waiting to join the Event Horizon Telescope.“The plan is to carry out these observations indefinitely and see how things change,” said Dr. Doeleman, embarking on his new career as a tamer of extragalactic beasts.“It’s astonishing to think humans can turn the Earth into a telescope and see a black hole,” and still more amazing to do it with this team, he said. “That’s the best.”ALGIERS — Algeria's army chief said on Wednesday the judiciary will reopen old corruption investigations including a case related to state energy firm Sonatrach.Army Chief of Staff Lieutenant General Gaid Salah was giving a speech to military officers broadcast on the state TV channel.  (Reporting By Lamine Chikhi; Editing by Angus MacSwan)MERIDA, Mexico — Mexican government and business leaders met with U.S. counterparts for a second straight day on Friday, seeking to resolve border delays hurting commerce, hasten ratification of a trade deal, and address metals tariffs.The talks coincide with renewed tensions over trade and the U.S.-Mexico border after two years of uncertainty sparked by President Donald Trump's demand to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).Officials including U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Mexican Economy Minister Graciela Marquez are meeting on the sidelines of the so-called U.S.-Mexico CEO Dialogue in the Mexican city of Merida in the Yucatan peninsula.Discussions are centering on ratification of the deal agreed to replace NAFTA, the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), as well as a dispute over tomato trade and the steel and aluminum tariffs the Trump administration imposed on Mexico nearly a year ago under the "Section 232," Marquez told Reuters.Marquez will be able to tout a workers' rights bill that Mexico's lower house of Congress approved late on Thursday, legislation that U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has called key to winning over Democrats wary of USMCA.Officials are also discussing delays at the border which have cost businesses on both sides millions of dollars.Slowdowns began late last month after Trump threatened to close the border if Mexico did not halt a surge of people, mostly Central Americans, seeking asylum in the United States. In the end, his administration reassigned several hundred border agents to handle the influx of migrants, creating staffing shortages that triggered long delays.Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador said at his regular morning news conference in anticipation of the talks in Merida, "And I expect if there's a problem with the time it's taking for goods to be transported and pass customs, that things will gradually return to normal."U.S. Customs and Border Protection will send about 100 agents to the border to speed up crossing times, a Democratic U.S. representative said on Thursday.REFINERYU.S. Deputy Energy Secretary Dan Brouillette met Mexico's Energy Minister Rocio Nahle and later told reporters that she had indicated to him that her government did not plan to roll back an energy overhaul passed by the previous administration.The 2013-14 reform opened up oil production and exploration to private capital, drawing significant interest from U.S. investors. At the time, Lopez Obrador roundly attacked the reform. However, he has since said he will give private operators time to show that they can increase output.Lopez Obrador wants to revive state oil company Pemex and plans to build an $8 billion refinery in his home state of Tabasco. A U.S. embassy spokesman said that Mexican officials hoped to help fund the project by reducing tax evasion. Mexico is eager to drum up investor interest in strategic projects in its southeastern states and allay any fears about how Lopez Obrador has been managing the Mexican economy, Latin America's second largest, since taking office in December.Lopez Obrador is scheduled to give closing remarks at the event later in the day.Economy Minister Marquez said fabricated structured steel would also be discussed after the U.S. International Trade Commission said last month that domestic producers were being harmed by imports of the product from Canada, China and Mexico. (Reporting by Anthony Esposito; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)Ridley Scott, eat your heart out.Like terrified moviegoers seated on the edges of their seats and at the mercy of their imaginations, astronomers expect this week to finally see the monster: a supermassive black hole.At 9 a.m. Eastern Time on Wednesday April 10, a group of astronomers who run a globe-girdling network of radio telescopes called the Event Horizon Telescope are expected to unveil their long awaited pictures of a pair of putative black holes. One of the objects sits at the center of the Milky Way galaxy, buried in the depths of interstellar dust and gas, and equivalent in mass to 4.1 million suns that otherwise have disappeared from the visible universe.[Sign up to get reminders for space and astronomy events on your calendar.]The other target is in the heart of Messier 87, a giant galaxy in the constellation Virgo, where a black hole 7 billion times the mass of the sun is spewing a jet of energy thousands of light-years across space.According to calculations, and if all has gone well, either or both of the black holes should appear as a tiny shadow backlit by the glow of radio energy at the galactic center.They might be circular, oval or some other shape entirely, depending on whether they are rotating, or if the Einsteinian equations describing them are slightly wrong, or if they are spitting flares of energy, which is how quasars produce fireworks visible across the universe.In such shadows the dreams of physicists die, time ends, space-time, matter and light disappear into the primordial nothing from which they spring, and the ghosts of Einstein and Hawking mingle with history and memory. For the first time, astronomers will be staring down the pipes of eternity.If, in fact, astronomers have finally brought the monsters into view at last. The Event Horizon team has been extremely tight-lipped. Nobody knows for certain if either of these black holes, if any, has been imaged.Shep Doeleman, director of the Event Horizon Telescope, was ebullient but guarded when reached last week at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. “The team is working exceptionally hard to quadruple-check all the results,” he said.But he and his colleagues are acting as if they have something to celebrate. The announcement of their results will take place simultaneously in six places around the world, reflecting the vast international nature of the collaboration. One news conference, at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C. will be presided over by France Córdova, head of the National Science Foundation. The team and their friends have booked the National Air and Space Museum for a party that evening.The unveiling will take place almost exactly a century after images of stars askew in the heavens made Einstein famous and confirmed his theory of general relativity as the law of the cosmos. That theory ascribes gravity to the warping of space and time by matter and energy, much as a mattress sags under a sleeper, and allows for the contents of the universe, including light rays, to follow curved paths.General relativity led to a new conception of the cosmos, in which space-time could quiver, bend, rip, expand, swirl like a mix-master and even disappear forever into the maw of a black hole.To Einstein’s surprise, the equations indicated that when too much matter or energy was concentrated in one place, space-time could collapse, trapping matter and light in perpetuity.Einstein disliked that idea, but the consensus today is that the universe is speckled with black holes waiting to vacuum up their surroundings. Many are the gravitational tombstones of stars that have burned up their fuel and collapsed.Any lingering doubts as to their existence vanished three years ago when the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory, or LIGO, detected the collision of a pair of distant black holes, which sent a shiver through the fabric of space-time.Since then, other collisions have been recorded, and black holes have become so humdrum that astronomers no longer bother sending out news releases about them.Nonetheless, astronomers are thrilled at the prospect of finally, actually seeing the previously unseeable.“Yes, I’m definitely excited to see the image!” Daniel Holz, of the University of Chicago, wrote in an email. “It’s not really rational, since I know the math works and the theory has been thoroughly tested. But still, this would be a picture of the real thing, up close and personal. That is super cool.”Priyamvada Natarajan, a Yale astrophysicist who is not part of the project, said, “It’s exciting, even just technically, to get this up close and personal to a black hole.”Especially when the black hole is no run-of-the-mill stellar corpse, but one of the behemoths that crouch in the centers of galaxies and direct cosmic weather, launching thunderbolts across thousands of light-years.Even if the new images do not overthrow relativity, they will be invaluable as astronomers’ first glimpses into the hearts of these entities and the way they generate cosmically catastrophic energies.The center of the Milky Way, 26,000 light-years from Earth, coincides with a faint source of radio noise called Sagittarius A* (pronounced A-star). By tracking the orbits of stars around this hub, astronomers have calculated that whatever sits at the center has the mass of four million suns.But it emits no visible or infrared light. If this is not a black hole, no one knows what it could be. The only way to be sure is to peer through the haze and record the shadow of oblivion.Which is no small job. According to the standard Einstein calculations, a black hole with the mass of 4.1 million suns would be only about 15 million miles wide — a tiny area to observe clearly from this distance. Luckily, the black hole’s gravity will magnify it to appear twice that size. But discerning even that is like trying to spot an orange on the Moon with the naked eye.It takes a big telescope to see something so small. Enter the Event Horizon Telescope, named for a black hole’s point of no return; whatever crosses the event horizon falls into blackness everlasting. The telescope was the dream-child of Dr. Doeleman, who was inspired to study black holes by examining the mysterious activity in the centers of violent radio galaxies such as M87.By combining data from radio telescopes as far apart as the South Pole, France, Chile and Hawaii, using a technique called very long baseline interferometry, Dr. Doeleman and his colleagues created a telescope as big as Earth itself.The network has gained antennas and sensitivity over the last decade. In April of 2017, the network of eight telescopes, synchronized by atomic clocks, stared at the Milky Way center and at the giant galaxy M87 off and on for 10 days.Astronomers have taken the last two years to reduce and collate the results. The data were too voluminous to transmit over the internet, and so had to be placed on hard disks and flown back to M.I.T.’s Haystack Observatory, in Westford, Mass., and the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy, in Bonn, Germany.The data from the South Pole could not arrive before December 2017, Dr. Doeleman said, “because it was Antarctic winter, when nothing could go in or out.”Last year the team divided into four independent groups to assemble images from the data dump. To stay objective and guard against bias, the teams had no contact with each other, Dr. Doeleman said.In the meantime, the telescope kept growing. In April 2018, a telescope in Greenland was added to the collaboration. Another observation run was made of the Milky Way and M87, and captured twice the amount of data gathered in 2017.“We’ve hitched our wagon to a bandwidth rocket,” Dr. Doeleman said. The new observations won’t be included in Wednesday’s reveal, but they will allow the astronomers to check the 2017 results and to track changes in the black holes as the years go by.“The plan is to carry out these observations indefinitely,” said Dr. Doeleman, embarking on his new career as a tamer of extragalactic beasts, “and see how things change.”SYDNEY — Australia's political parties are campaigning in a general election set for May 18, with the fight focused on tax cuts, climate change and social programmes.Below are party policies taken mainly from campaign programmes and pre-election announcements:TAX CUTSRuling Liberal-National coalition:* Proposed total tax cuts of A$158 billion ($112.5 billion) over the period to 2029/30, in addition to A$144 billion in tax cuts passed by parliament last year. Most of the new tax cuts would take effect after 2022, when the next election is due.* Most of the early personal income tax cuts would benefit low and middle-income earners. Tax rebate for middle-income earners to double in current financial year. Subsequent tax concessions would benefit wealthier Australians. * Top threshold for 19 percent tax bracket rises to A$45,000 in 2022/23 from A$41,000 currently. From 2024/25, the 32.5 percent marginal tax rate would be reduced to 30 percent, and apply to income between A$45,000 and A$200,000.Opposition Labor: * Labour has promised to match the coalition's planned tax cuts for workers earning between A$48,000-A$126,000 a year, but also pledged a bigger rebate for people earning less than A$45,000. No changes to current tax brackets.CLIMATE CHANGE* The ruling coalition and opposition Labor are committed to the Paris Accord that requires member states to reduce emissions by 26 percent from 2005 levels.* The biggest differences centre on how much electricity must be generated by renewables. The coalition has a target of 26 percent, while Labor proposes a minimum of 45 percent. Labor also says half of all new cars will be electric by 2030.* The coalition has been divided over energy policy and climate change and remains a strong backer of traditional energy sources. The tensions over energy policy were a catalyst for Malcolm Turnbull's ouster as prime minister in August.HEALTHCARE AND WELFARELiberal-National coalition:* Proposed to spend more than A$80 billion on the public healthcare system in 2019/20.* Access to cheaper medicines for cancer patients. * Proposed A$725 million investment in residential care for elderly Australians.Labor:* Promises to outspend the coalition on healthcare spending, including more than A$2 billion to expand free cancer treatment.* Proposes to increase the minimum wage, but has not given specific details. The party also pledges to raise pay for people who work on weekends and public holidays.EDUCATIONLiberal-National coalition:* The coalition promises record spending on education over the next decade.Labor:* The party pledges to outspend the government but has not given specific figures. It also plans to subsidise pre-school for children for two years.DEFENCEThe coalition and Labor have pledged to spend 2 percent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) on defence.REFUGEES* The coalition and Labor will keep the current policy of holding refugees who arrive by boat at two remote Pacific detention facilities. * The coalition says it will reverse a law that allows doctors to recommend transfers from the Pacific centres if they are unable to get the necessary medical treatment. Labor has promised to maintain the medical transfer policy. (Reporting by Colin Packham in SYDNEY; Editing by Darren Schuettler)(Reuters) - Chevron Corp doubled down on its bet on surging U.S. oil and gas output on Friday, saying it would buy shale producer Anadarko Petroleum Corp for $33 billion (£25 billion) in cash and stock that will make it the second-largest crude producer in the world.The combined company will produce an estimated 3.9 million barrels of oil equivalent per day (boepd), trailing only Exxon Mobil Corp among publicly traded companies, up from fourth. GRAPHIC: Chevron joins oil super-majors with Anadarko bid - https://tmsnrt.rs/2X1BRuIIt expands Chevron's reach in two areas where U.S. energy output is breaking records: shale from the Permian Basin of west Texas and New Mexico, and liquefied natural gas (LNG). These have helped make the United States one of the world's largest energy exporters. GRAPHIC: U.S. becomes world's largest oil producer - https://tmsnrt.rs/2R69s7G “Chevron now joins the ranks of the 'ultramajors' – and the big three becomes the big four," said Roy Martin, senior analyst at consultants Wood Mackenzie. "The acquisition makes the majors’ peer group much more polarized. Exxon Mobil, Chevron, Shell and BP are now in a league of their own."These companies are turning to shale and its revolutionary techniques of fracking, blasting sand and water into formations to extract oil. This is cheaper and produces oil more quickly than costlier offshore and LNG projects that take years to generate cash. The shale oil-and-gas boom reversed a long decline in U.S. crude production and propelled the country to a record 12 million barrels a day (bpd), more than Russia and Saudi Arabia. The United States is also now the third-largest producer of LNG, super-cooled natural gas that enjoys record demand as a cheaper, cleaner alternative than coal for power generation.The combined companies are expected to produce more than 1.6 million barrels of oil equivalent per day (boepd) in the United States this year and 3.9 million boepd globally, according to Wood Mackenzie.Chevron Chief Executive Officer Mike Wirth said the deal offers a "compelling and unique fit" because the companies operate in similar areas, both with holdings in shale, offshore, and LNG projects. Chevron also expects shale to generate profits for its pipeline, trading and refining units. "We are the best company to combine with Anadarko and Anadarko is the best company to combine with us," Wirth said in an interview.Chevron's pledge to restrain expenditures has made it a favourite among energy stocks, with its shares up 13.8 percent this year. It plans to sell some $15 billion in assets over time to offset the Anadarko deal.Chevron shares fell 4.9 percent to $119.76 on Friday. Anadarko shares jumped 32 percent, reflecting the offer's 39 percent premium over Thursday's close. Before the deal, Chevron shares had gained 25 percent over the last two years, while Anadarko had dropped 23 percent. In that time, U.S. crude oil prices have risen 20 percent. It is the oil industry's largest deal since Royal Dutch Shell bought BG Group in 2016, and it sparked speculation that other shale producers are in play. Shares of Noble Energy rose 7 percent, while Pioneer Natural Resources Co jumped more than 11 percent.Chevron, Exxon, Royal Dutch Shell Plc and BP Plc largely missed out on the first phase of the shale bonanza, when more nimble independent producers such as Anadarko pioneered shale drilling technology and leased Permian acreage on the cheap.Analysts predict further consolidation as the smaller companies that revolutionized the industry through advances in horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracking have seen their stock prices languish and have curtailed spending due weak returns.Chevron, which already has 2.3 million acres in the Permian Basin, said the combined company would have a 75-mile (120-km)-wide corridor across the Permian's Delaware basin, on the Texas-New Mexico border. "We will now see Chevron emerging as the clear leader among all Permian players, both in terms of production growth and as a cost leader," said Rystad Energy head of analysis Per Magnus Nysveen, noting that Anadarko's acreage is in the "sweetest spot" of the Delaware Basin.Chevron also owns mineral rights under some of the Anadarko Permian properties, saving royalties others would have to pay, said Drillinginfo analyst Andrew Dittmar. He estimated Chevron is paying about $50,000 an acre for Anadarko's west Texas holdings. The Permian produces about 4 million barrels per day, and is expected to hit 5.4 million bpd by 2023, according to IHS Markit, more than the total production of any OPEC country other than Saudi Arabia.BIG LNG PUSHAnadarko also has a Mozambique LNG project, part of one of the industry's largest planned current investments, which Wirth said he still expects to move to final approval "sooner rather than later" this year. Expenses from that project are expected to reach $4 billion over several years. The tie-up with Anadarko adds to Chevron's deepwater investments in the Gulf of Mexico and gives it a stake in growing production in the U.S. Rocky Mountains in Colorado.The $65-per-share offer was structured as 75 percent stock and 25 percent cash, and the company will also take on $15 billion of Anadarko's debt. "This deal seems perfect. Oil is on a rebound yet Anadarko's stock price has been stagnant," said Chris Widell, CEO of Sponte Resources, a Dallas, Texas-based private exploration and production company. Occidental Petroleum Corp, another company with assets in the Permian, bid more than $70 per share for Anadarko and is now considering options, sources said.Chevron said the deal would add to its free cash flow and profit one year after closing, if Brent crude, currently around $70, holds above $60 per barrel. The enterprise value of the deal is $50 billion.. Anadarko shareholders will receive 0.3869 shares of Chevron and $16.25 in cash for each Anadarko share. (Reporting by John Benny, Nivedita Bhattacharjee and Shradha Singh in Bengaluru; Jennifer Hiller in Houston; David French, Scott DiSavino, Jessica Resnick-Ault and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by David Gaffen, Gary McWilliams, Patrick Graham, Sriraj Kalluvila and Nick Zieminski and David Gregorio)HOUSTON — Chevron positioned itself to become the dominant oil producer in the field that is driving the American shale revolution when it said on Friday that it was buying Anadarko Petroleum for $33 billion.The acquisition is the largest takeover in the global oil industry in three years and signals that shale drilling, which was once dominated by small and nimble independent companies, has now become a battleground for oil giants. It also demonstrates that the largest oil companies believe that they can profitably drill in shale fields even when crude oil prices are much lower than they were a decade ago.In buying Anadarko, Chevron is picking up major oil and natural gas projects in the Gulf of Mexico, Colorado, Mozambique, Algeria and Ghana. But most of all, it is building on its position in the Permian Basin of West Texas and New Mexico, which recently passed Saudi Arabia’s Ghawar field as the world’s most productive oil field.More than a dozen oil and gas pipelines serving the Permian are expected to be completed by the middle of 2020, potentially increasing exports from the Gulf of Mexico region to eight million from two million barrels a day.Anadarko and Chevron have a 75-mile stretch of contiguous acreage in the Permian, which should help the companies reduce production and transportation costs. About a third of total American oil production comes from the basin, which is largely responsible for the production and export boom of recent years.“This is a compelling transaction,” Chevron’s chief executive, Michael K. Wirth, told analysts. “We intend to accelerate activity in Anadarko’s Permian acreage.”[How the Permian Basin helped make the United States the world’s largest oil producer.] Chevron, which is based in San Ramon, Calif., is the world’s 10th largest company producing oil and gas, and Texas-based Anadarko ranks 41st, according to Rystad Energy, a consulting firm. Once the merger is completed by the end of the year, Chevron will climb to seventh place, vaulting ahead of Royal Dutch Shell and BP. It will still trail Exxon Mobil, Saudi Aramco and four other national oil companies.Anadarko’s Permian assets are among the most lucrative in the United States. The company has identified 10,000 drilling locations on its acreage, according to a recent Morningstar report.Per Magnus Nysveen, who heads research at Rystad, said that the deal would help Chevron emerge “as the clear leader among all Permian players, both in terms of production growth and as a cost leader.” He estimated that by 2025, the merged companies would produce as much as 1.6 million barrels of oil a day in the Permian alone — more than the total current production of Algeria, a leading member of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.The acquisition continues a trend toward more concentration of Permian production in the hands of giant oil companies, which in recent years had fallen behind dozens of smaller and more nimble independents like Anadarko.Chevron’s move is the third major acquisition in the Permian over the last three years and there have been many smaller ones. Exxon Mobil made a $6.6 billion acquisition of 275,000 acres in Permian fields in New Mexico in 2017, making it the most active driller in the basin until now. Last year Concho Resources bought RSP Permian for $9.5 billion, transforming two companies little known outside of Texas into a big new player.Share prices of other small and medium size Permian-based oil companies soared on the news of the deal, with speculation that another major oil company, particularly Royal Dutch Shell, would move to increase its holdings. Parsley Energy and Pioneer Natural Resources closed up more than 11 percent on Friday.Over the last four years, the annual capital investment in the Permian by the three big oil companies — Chevron, Exxon Mobil and Shell — climbed to more than $8 billion from less than $2 billion, according to IHS Markit, the energy consultancy. Adding BP, which gained a foothold in the Permian last year, the oil giants are expected to invest more than $10 billion in that field this year.The biggest oil companies accounted for just 6 percent of total industry investment in 2014. This year, they are on track to increase their share to more than 15 percent.“The bottom line is that the Permian is delivering for the majors, and they will keep pressing on that gas pedal,” said Raoul LeBlanc, IHS Markit’s executive director for energy. “Boundless capital allows them to invest heavily even as lower prices force smaller companies to retrench.”The Permian produces roughly four million barrels of oil a day, slightly more than Ghawar. Saudi Aramco recently revealed in documents released as part of a bond sale that the daily production from that field was smaller than many people in the industry had estimated.IHS Markit predicts Permian production will climb to 5.4 million barrels a day in 2023, more than any OPEC member with the exception of Saudi Arabia.In addition to the Permian, Anadarko has been a leader in discovering and developing natural gas in Mozambique. Chevron engineers reviewed Anadarko’s project, and executives say they will keep Anadarko personnel there.Chevron said the acquisition would complement its already growing global trade in liquefied natural gas.But the company’s increased investment in African natural gas comes as growing global supplies have pushed down prices. Big new discoveries in the Eastern Mediterranean and Africa could further depress prices in the coming years unless there is a big increase in demand. That demand would depend on more countries switching to gas from coal, which is the most widely used fuel in the power sector.Chevron and Anadarko also have large stakes in deepwater projects in the Gulf of Mexico that are close to one another. And the two companies have worked together on some projects there.“The deal plays to Chevron’s strengths,” said Roy Martin, a senior analyst at Wood Mackenzie, a consulting firm. “It diversifies their growth options.”Chevron said it would pay $65 in cash and stock for each Anadarko share, a 39 percent premium over Thursday’s closing price. The deal is the largest in the energy industry since Shell’s acquisition of BG Group, the Britain-based oil and gas producer, for about $50 billion in 2016.After the deal is completed, Chevron said it planned to sell more than $15 billion in assets by 2022, to reduce debt and return cash to shareholders.Chevron’s share price closed down by nearly 5 percent on Friday while Anadarko shares soared by 32 percent.SQUAMISH, British Columbia — Everyone knows an electric fan can make people feel cooler on a steamy day. But could fans moderate the planet’s rising temperatures?Some of the world’s biggest fossil fuel companies would like to find out.Chevron, Occidental Petroleum and the Australian mining giant BHP this year have invested in Carbon Engineering, a small Canadian company that claims to be on the verge of a breakthrough in solving a critical climate change puzzle: removing carbon already in the atmosphere.At its pilot project in Squamish, an old lumber town about 30 miles north of Vancouver, the company is using an enormous fan to suck large amounts of air into a scrubbing vessel designed to extract carbon dioxide. The gas can then be buried or converted into a clean-burning — though expensive — synthetic fuel.Investing in Carbon Engineering and other carbon-reduction initiatives is part of an emerging effort by fossil-fuel industries to remain relevant and profitable in a warming world. With electric cars and solar and wind power becoming increasingly affordable, executives acknowledge that business as usual could put their companies at risk.Already, fossil-fuel companies face a barrage of lawsuits, investor resolutions and regulations prompting them to invest more in clean energy. Advocacy groups are also pressing companies and lawmakers to keep oil and natural gas in the ground by challenging hydraulic fracturing, especially in Europe, and fighting pipelines meant to transport production from Canada’s oil sands.“This is about recognizing that climate change poses significant risks to all economic sectors,” Fiona Wild, BHP’s vice president for sustainability and climate change, said about the company’s $6 million investment in Carbon Engineering. “Climate change is no longer seen as a fringe issue. It’s a business risk that requires a business response.”Of course, big energy companies continue to drill for oil and gas and are pushing the Trump administration and other governments to open more territory to exploration.But some businesses have signaled that they are changing. A few companies, including Royal Dutch Shell and BP, are linking compensation to emissions reductions. Equinor, the Norwegian oil company, plans to increase spending on clean energy to 15 to 20 percent of its capital investment by 2030, up from 5 percent now.Carbon Engineering’s pilot on the rocky shores of Howe Sound is one of several carbon “direct-air-capture” ventures being attempted around the world. It is still a small effort, but its backers say it could play an important role in arresting climate change.Much of the work is done in an old industrial warehouse of corrugated metal adorned with faded graffiti, a structure once used by a company that made chemicals for the pulp industry. The temporary offices are decidedly makeshift, with the bathrooms entered from outside. No carbon is actually being pulled out of the atmosphere permanently because the company is still in testing mode.Chevron and Occidental, which have each taken seats on Carbon Engineering’s board, refused to disclose their investments. The company says it raised a total of $68 million in its most recent funding round to expand the pilot and develop its first commercial plant.Critics of fossil-fuel companies say such investments are so modest as to amount to little more than a public-relations stunt.“That’s chump change for these guys,” said Dan Becker, director of the Safe Climate Campaign, an environmental organization in Washington. “I don’t see any epiphanies.”But other experts disagree. “It could be greenwashing, but so what?” said Dieter Helm, a professor of energy policy at Oxford and the author of “Burn Out: The Endgame for Fossil Fuels.” “If money is being spent on research and development to develop ways to sequester carbon, that is a good thing.”Executives at Carbon Engineering said they welcomed investments by fossil-fuel companies not only for the money but also for their engineering and lobbying skills.“I have great big brothers now who are looking after me,” said Steve Oldham, Carbon Engineering’s chief executive. “Initially companies wanted to show that they were thinking of being green. Now you are seeing action.”The company said its commercial plants would have banks of large fans, 33 feet in diameter, to collect air and run it through a complex chemical process.The air will be pushed through honeycombed plastic channels coated with potassium hydroxide that attaches itself to carbon dioxide. More chemicals will be added to produce tiny white pellets containing carbon. The pellets will then be heated to more than 1,600 degrees to form carbon dioxide gas.In one kind of plant the company hopes to build, the captured carbon dioxide could be injected underground, where it would be harmless unless some of it leaked back into the atmosphere. Mr. Oldham asserts that each such installation could eventually take as much carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere annually as 40 million trees.In another kind of facility, captured carbon dioxide would be combined with hydrogen extracted from water to make synthetic fuel that can be processed into gasoline, diesel or jet fuel. The energy needed to produce hydrogen would come from wind turbines and solar panels to limit emissions.The company’s synthetic fuel would be more expensive than conventional gasoline. Production costs could be about $4 a gallon, according to Carbon Engineering, compared with more than $2.70-a-gallon average retail price in the United States. But it could still be attractive to countries that spend tens of billions of dollars on crude imports, like India and Japan. Regulations taxing carbon could also make the fuel more attractive.The company says its synthetic fuels could be used in standard car, truck and plane engines, and would cause less air pollution than traditional fuels.Burning Carbon Engineering’s fuel would release carbon dioxide, but it would not increase greenhouse gases in the atmosphere by much or at all because the process would be recycling carbon that was already in the air, executives said.Early investors in Carbon Engineering include the Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates and N. Murray Edwards, executive chairman of Canadian Natural Resources, a big producer of oil sands, a heavy oil that has a large carbon footprint.“Oil and gas companies have to wonder about their future,” said Michael Webber, an energy professor at the University of Texas at Austin. “They know that someday the energy mix will be different. So there are a lot of motivations for this investment.”Occidental wants to use the technology to find a sustainable supply of carbon dioxide that it can use to inject in its oil fields to increase pressure and extract more oil while also sequestering the carbon. The company is already the largest injector in the industry, but it now re-injects carbon that was found in natural underground deposits — providing little or no environmental benefit. By recycling carbon taken from the air, it hopes to bury as much carbon as its fuels emit, or even more. As an added benefit, there is a federal tax credit for sequestering carbon.“Every oil company should be striving to become carbon neutral,” said Vicki Hollub, Occidental’s chief executive. “Ultimately, we think we can be carbon negative. Addressing climate change is a turning point for the industry.”Chevron is seeking to meet a different immediate need. California requires refiners and other distributors to meet progressively declining targets of carbon in their fuels through 2030. Chevron, which is based in San Ramon, Calif., has two big refineries in the state that could use the synthetic fuel.“We have a need for low-carbon fuels,” said Barbara Burger, president of Chevron Technology Ventures. “The world needs transportation fuels and the public desires them, but they have an expectation that we lower the carbon content. And this is one of the options to do that.”But ramping up the ambitious ideas put forward by Carbon Engineering and other companies into projects large enough to have an important environmental impact will take considerable investment.Mr. Oldham said one of his carbon capture and sequestration plants would remove one million tons of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere annually, a small fraction of the more than 33 billion tons humanity emits in a year. The sequestration process would cost roughly $100 per ton, which in Occidental’s model could be offset in part by the increased oil production it would enable. The carbon could also be used to make cement and other building materials.But in case of an acute global climate emergency, governments would probably have to step in to hasten removal of carbon from the atmosphere. Mr. Oldham said the cost of capturing and sequestering all the carbon needed to stop climate change would require trillions of dollars.The company’s synthetic fuel could also struggle to find markets because of its cost.David Keith, an applied physicist at Harvard who founded Carbon Engineering and sits on its board, said the synthetic fuel would be most useful for trucks, ships and planes, while cars and other smaller vehicles would more likely be powered by batteries in the future.“There is no way we are beating oil from the ground in a head-to-head competition without regulation,” Mr. Keith said, referring to carbon taxes and other environmental policies. If there is sufficient political will to deeply cut emissions, he added, “I think you will see a large amount of this technology in the next decade or two.”LOS ANGELES — Pacific Gas and Electric promises that its customers’ lights will stay on if it follows through on plans to file for bankruptcy this month. But companies that supply the California utility’s electricity may have more to worry about.PG&E said Monday that it would use bankruptcy to resolve huge liabilities arising from two years of deadly wildfires. Such a move would allow the company to try to revoke or renegotiate contracts it signed with suppliers when power prices were higher than they are now. That, analysts said, could hurt companies that borrowed based on the higher prices — especially those whose power comes from renewable resources.That prospect was underscored this week when credit-rating agencies downgraded the debt of Topaz Solar Farms, which is owned by a unit of Warren E. Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway and whose sole customer is PG&E, and Genesis Solar Farm, a large project in the Mojave Desert developed by NextEra Energy. Both companies said they were operating normally, but were monitoring PG&E’s problems closely.“People often think utilities are safe investments, but this is such a crazy situation,” said Daniel Lowenthal, a partner at the law firm Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler who specializes in bankruptcy and corporate restructuring, referring to PG&E’s suppliers, shareholders and lenders.“Investors and claimants are going to potentially take a huge haircut on their investments due to a catastrophic situation no one foresaw,” he added.PG&E, one of the world’s largest electric utilities, faces an estimated $30 billion in damages tied to wildfires that killed scores of people and destroyed thousands of homes and other properties in 2017 and 2018. State officials have blamed the company’s equipment for starting at least 17 of 21 major fires in Northern California in 2017, and they suspect PG&E of causing additional fires last year.If the company proceeds with a bankruptcy filing, it will be its second in about 20 years. In 2001, PG&E sought Chapter 11 protection after a bungled deregulation of the energy sector by California.Legal experts said the utility’s looming bankruptcy could be more complicated than its previous filing. PG&E is not insolvent — it has money to pay its current bills — but bankruptcy specialists said it probably faced tens of thousands of claims from people whose relatives died in the fires or whose homes were destroyed, as well as from bondholders, creditors, contractors and others.Bankruptcy offers the utility the opportunity to reduce how much it must pay those claimants while managing all of their claims in a single case before one judge.“It didn’t take a crystal ball to figure out what PG&E is doing here is what we call a defensive bankruptcy filing,” said G. Marcus Cole, a professor at Stanford Law School. “This is completely voluntary. What PG&E is doing is circling the wagons.”For power producers, especially those in renewable resources, a bankruptcy filing by PG&E could be wrenching.In bankruptcy, companies can reject contracts with suppliers, forcing them to join other creditors in asserting claims. PG&E could threaten to walk away from older contracts, particularly those with developers of renewable energy that were negotiated several years ago when prices for solar panels were higher than they are now. (Most of the renewable energy the utility uses is solar power.)If PG&E succeeded in renegotiating the contracts, it could use the money it saved to pay fire-related damages. That could help shield ratepayers from sizable increases in their electric bills.Analysts at Credit Suisse estimate that PG&E could save $2.2 billion a year by renegotiating renewable power contracts down to current market prices. Those savings could offset the utility’s annual cost of paying off wildfire claims from the last two years, the analysts wrote in a research note.“It makes a lot of economic sense for PG&E to try and reject the older, higher-priced contracts,” said Clifford J. Kim, a senior analyst at Moody’s Investors Service.Opening up existing contracts would be problematic for Clearway Energy, which operates seven plants that supply power to PG&E, according to S&P Global Ratings. All but one of Clearway’s plants use renewable energy. The company’s stock price is down nearly 30 percent from its high last year, falling sharply on Monday after PG&E said it would file for bankruptcy. Clearway declined to comment.Con Edison, the New York utility, is also exposed because it supplies power to PG&E through a subsidiary that has operations in California and neighboring states. PG&E is one of the biggest buyers of electricity produced by Con Edison at installations like the Copper Mountain Solar Project in Boulder City, Nev. PG&E pays Con Edison an average $197 per megawatt-hour for its electricity, compared with the $25 to $30 per megawatt-hour cost of power from new solar plants, the Credit Suisse analysts said.Michael Clendenin, a spokesman for Con Edison, declined to comment on PG&E’s planned bankruptcy except to say the company was “monitoring any developments.”Some experts warned that it could be harder than it seemed for PG&E to renegotiate contracts with suppliers. A bankruptcy court could require the utility to pay damages for breach of contract because it still has enough money to operate, Professor Cole of Stanford said.In one recent utility bankruptcy, an effort by FirstEnergy Solutions of Akron, Ohio, to renegotiate an energy supply contract is mired in litigation. Ohio Valley Energy, a supplier to FirstEnergy Solutions, argued that the contract should be resolved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which oversees wholesale electricity deals, not by a bankruptcy court. The case is before the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.The utility could also anger state lawmakers. California’s government is trying to increase the use of renewable energy. But investors might be scared off if they thought utilities that operate in the state could easily renege on their contracts with suppliers.Some California lawmakers have already expressed frustration that PG&E announced plans for a bankruptcy filing without waiting for them to come up with a solution to the company’s financial problems.“What we know today is PG&E has put their fate in the hands of the court instead of the Legislature,” said Assemblyman Chris Holden, a Democrat and the chairman of the Utilities and Energy Committee. “We’re just trying to get our arms around what’s next.”Gov. Gavin Newsom, a Democrat who took office last week, has pledged to protect the state’s ambitious clean energy goals, which include producing 100 percent of California’s electricity from carbon-free sources by 2045. But the state’s efforts have been complicated by the complexity and wide-ranging impact of PG&E’s impending case.Some solar power suppliers said they would seek the state’s help to pressure PG&E to honor its contracts.Bernadette Del Chiaro, executive director of the California Solar & Storage Association, said that members of the group were in discussions with the governor.“This is definitely the topic of concern,” Ms. Del Chiaro said. “It’s definitely a real thing. Just how extensive it is, that’s the level I don’t understand.”There’s a lot we don’t know about the legacy Donald Trump will leave behind. And it is, of course, hugely important what happens in the 2020 election. But one thing seems sure: Even if he’s a one-term president, Trump will have caused, directly or indirectly, the premature deaths of a large number of Americans.Some of those deaths will come at the hands of right-wing, white nationalist extremists, who are a rapidly growing threat, partly because they feel empowered by a president who calls them “very fine people.”Some will come from failures of governance, like the inadequate response to Hurricane Maria, which surely contributed to the high death toll in Puerto Rico. (Reminder: Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens.)Some will come from the administration’s continuing efforts to sabotage Obamacare, which have failed to kill health reform but have stalled the decline in the number of uninsured, meaning that many people still aren’t getting the health care they need. Of course, if Trump gets his way and eliminates Obamacare altogether, things on this front will get much, much worse.But the biggest death toll is likely to come from Trump’s agenda of deregulation — or maybe we should call it “deregulation,” because his administration is curiously selective about which industries it wants to leave alone.Consider two recent events that help capture the deadly strangeness of what’s going on.One is the administration’s plan for hog plants to take over much of the federal responsibility for food safety inspections. And why not? It’s not as if we’ve seen safety problems arise from self-regulation in, say, the aircraft industry, have we? Or as if we ever experience major outbreaks of food-borne illness? Or as if there was a reason the U.S. government stepped in to regulate meatpacking in the first place?Now, you could see the Trump administration’s willingness to trust the meat industry to keep our meat safe as part of an overall attack on government regulation, a willingness to trust profit-making businesses to do the right thing and let the market rule. And there’s something to that, but it’s not the whole story, as illustrated by another event: Trump’s declaration the other day that wind turbines cause cancer.Now, you could put this down to personal derangement: Trump has had an irrational hatred for wind power ever since he failed to prevent construction of a wind farm near his Scottish golf course. And Trump seems deranged and irrational on so many issues that one more bizarre claim hardly seems to matter.But there’s more to this than just another Trumpism. After all, we normally think of Republicans in general, and Trump in particular, as people who minimize or deny the “negative externalities” imposed by some business activities — the uncompensated costs they impose on other people or businesses.For example, the Trump administration wants to roll back rules that limit emissions of mercury from power plants. And in pursuit of that goal, it wants to prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from taking account of many of the benefits from reduced mercury emissions, such as an associated reduction in nitrogen oxide.But when it comes to renewable energy, Trump and company are suddenly very worried about supposed negative side effects, which generally exist only in their imagination. Last year the administration floated a proposal that would have forced the operators of electricity grids to subsidize coal and nuclear energy. The supposed rationale was that new sources were threatening to destabilize those grids — but the grid operators themselves denied that this was the case.So it’s deregulation for some, but dire warnings about imaginary threats for others. What’s going on?Part of the answer is, follow the money. Political contributions from the meat-processing industry overwhelmingly favor Republicans. Coal mining supports the G.O.P. almost exclusively. Alternative energy, on the other hand, generally favors Democrats.There are probably other things, too. If you’re a party that wishes we could go back to the 1950s (but without the 91 percent top tax rate), you’re going to have a hard time accepting the reality that hippie-dippy, unmanly things like wind and solar power are becoming ever more cost-competitive.Whatever the drivers of Trump policy, the fact, as I said, is that it will kill people. Wind turbines don’t cause cancer, but coal-burning power plants do — along with many other ailments. The Trump administration’s own estimates indicate that its relaxation of coal pollution rules will kill more than 1,000 Americans every year. If the administration gets to implement its full agenda — not just deregulation of many industries, but discrimination against industries it doesn’t like, such as renewable energy — the toll will be much higher.So if you eat meat — or, for that matter, drink water or breathe air — there’s a real sense in which Donald Trump is trying to kill you. And even if he’s turned out of office next year, for many Americans it will be too late.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.ISLAMABAD — A delegation from the world's largest crude oil producer, Saudi Aramco, is in Pakistan for discussions on what would be its first ever liquefied natural gas (LNG) shipments, a top Pakistani official said on Friday. Pakistan is facing an energy crisis with repeated power blackouts and gas supply outages that led to the sacking of the heads of two of its main gas distribution utilities in January. The Saudi delegation, which arrived on Thursday, was discussing LNG supplies, Nadeem Babar, the head of Prime Minister Imran Khan's task force on energy reforms, told Reuters. "They're discussing LNG sales. They're entering this business," he said. "Aramco is starting an LNG trade operation, and we are in discussion over all aspects, including terms and quantity, etc." Aramco doesn't currently produce LNG, and any such sale would be first of its kind. Aramco didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment.Saudi Aramco Chief Executive Amin Nasser said in February that Saudi Arabia aims to export 3 billion cubic feet per day of gas before 2030 via both pipelines and LNG tankers. Pakistan's demand for LNG could more than triple in the next three to five years, the chief executive of Pakistan LNG said last month, adding that Islamabad was expected to negotiate a few more long-term contracts to import LNG into the country. Last year, Pakistan imported nearly 7 tonnes of LNG, data from Refinitiv Eikon shows. This year, that could grow to as high as 15 million tonnes and to up to 25 million to 30 million tonnes over the next three to five years, said Adnan Gilani, managing director and chief executive of Pakistan LNG. Pakistan LNG is a state-owned company that buys LNG from the international market to supply to the domestic market. Pakistan's two import terminals have a regas capacity of 1.2 billion to 1.3 billion cubic feet of gas per day, or about 9 million to 10 million tonnes of LNG a year, according to Gilani's presentation at the LNGA 2019 conference in Singapore. (Reporting by Asif Shahzad; Editing by Nick Macfie and Tom Hogue)To the Editor:Re “Is Nancy Pelosi a Climate Skeptic?” (column, Feb. 16):Bret Stephens presents us with a fake binary choice. Either we gear up to fight climate change as if it were an alien invasion, placing capitalism in jeopardy, or we treat it as a “real but manageable problem” like global poverty, worthy of patient resolution. He urges us to make our peace with patient resolution.The Green New Deal’s authors are doing us a favor by refusing to sugarcoat the need for fundamental change in the way we run our lives and fuel our economy. President Trump’s defiant embrace of fossil fuels is an insult to common sense and global decency, but even President Barack Obama’s policy reforms left gas-guzzling cars on our roads, leaky homes throughout our towns and cities, and industries with their energy-wasteful operations unchecked. We have lost too much time pretending that climate change can be dealt with gradually, if at all. The Green New Deal rightly demands that we rise to the urgency of this challenge.Philip WarburgNewton, Mass. The writer is a nonresident senior fellow at Boston University’s Institute for Sustainable Energy.To the Editor:Re “How the Left Embraced Elitism,” by David Brooks (column, Feb. 12):To suggest that a Green New Deal will evolve into a colossal government-owned enterprise controlling most aspects of our economy and run by bureaucrats housed in Pentagon-size offices is reactionary. This doesn’t even happen in China anymore. A Green New Deal will be enabled by the government just as it has enabled every modern high-tech industry today: by funding (military technology, the space program), by direct purchases (supercomputers, semiconductors), by market subsidies (wind power, solar power, electric vehicles), by technology transfer out of government labs and programs (the internet, genomics, satellites), and the list goes on. The government doesn’t build things; private industries do, and they reap the commercial benefit. There are thousands of start-up companies commercializing technologies in which the underlying research and development have been funded by the government, and there could be thousands more engaged in a Green New Deal if the government undertakes it. John FairbornNewport Beach, Calif.To the Editor:Re “One Cheer for the Green New Deal” (column, Feb. 10):Before Ross Douthat dismisses carbon taxes as falling “heavily on the working class,” he should study the Energy Innovation and Carbon Dividend Act just introduced in Congress, to almost no fanfare. It will reduce emissions more than the Paris agreement or President Barack Obama’s Clean Power Plan; it requires no big government spending; and it already has generated bipartisan support.The critical difference between this legislation and other carbon tax proposals is that all fees collected would be returned directly to American households each month. Most of the working class will actually come out ahead if this legislation passes. It’s a Green New Deal right under our noses!Laura SchumacherSan DiegoTo the Editor:Ross Douthat’s patronizing take on the ambitions of the Green New Deal misses the most critical point: Scientists agree that humanity has a very short window in which to transform our systems of generating and using energy. The alternative is stronger, more frequent hurricanes, droughts, floods, famines and wildfires, costing lives and livelihoods on a global scale.If this doesn’t call for great ambition, what does?Sarah RichardsonNew YorkIt’s hard to believe, but worth recalling, that during the presidential debates in 2016, not a single question about climate change was put to Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. That, of course, was before a plague of hurricanes, droughts and savage forest fires in California and around the world captured the public’s attention; before Mr. Trump brought renewed focus to the very issue he had dismissed as a hoax by fecklessly rolling back nearly every positive policy thing President Barack Obama had done to address it; before a series of frightening scientific reports appeared last year, warning that the window of opportunity to ward off the worst consequences of a warming globe was quickly closing. It was also long before anyone had seen a nonbinding congressional resolution calling for something called the Green New Deal, an ambitious plan to tackle climate change (and a lot else, too) that earlier this month burst like a shooting star upon the Washington political and legislative scene. The resolution — introduced by Ed Markey, a Democratic senator from Massachusetts, and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a newly elected Democratic representative whose district covers parts of the Bronx and Queens — calls for a “10-year national mobilization” through giant investments in infrastructure and carbon-free energy. It has since won the full or partial allegiance of a half-dozen Democratic presidential hopefuls who pray that town hall participants or debate moderators will ask them what they think about global warming. Which in turn means that, whatever becomes of the plan, it will have moved climate change — a serious issue that has had serious trouble gaining traction — to a commanding position in the national conversation. That alone is reason to applaud it. In name and concept, the plan is not new. The term Green New Deal appeared in a column in The Times by Thomas Friedman in January 2007, in which he called for a vast public and private investment program that would throw everything under the sun (including, actually, the sun itself) — wind, solar, nuclear power, energy efficiency, advanced research, tax incentives and a price on carbon — into a massive effort to build a more climate-friendly energy system while also revitalizing the American economy. This is essentially what the Mr. Markey and Ms. Ocasio-Cortez had in mind when they rolled out their resolution on Feb. 7. Unfortunately, that rollout was anything but smooth, due largely to the bungling of Ms. Ocasio-Cortez’s staff, which posted on her website a set of pugnacious and poorly written talking points (later disavowed) that scared even moderate Democrats. Apart from bold if probably unattainable objectives (a total transformation to renewable energy in 10 years), the talking points dismissed as unacceptable three strategies that many experts say are necessary to any solution: nuclear power, technology that allows fossil fuel plants to capture and store their own emissions, and market-based solutions like a carbon tax or the kind of cap and trade bill that Mr. Markey worked valiantly and unsuccessfully to get Congress to approve 10 years ago. The talking points made other dubious promises, including jobs even for Americans “unwilling” to work. The immediate result of this amateurish mess was to hand Mr. Trump and other climate deniers irresistible political talking points. The actual resolution seems more measured. It speaks only of a 10-year mobilization effort to reduce carbon emissions, without giving an explicit deadline, and it is silent as to particular strategies, leaving nuclear, carbon capture and price signals very much on the table. It does not mention costs. Some experts believe that fully remaking the energy delivery system could run into the trillions of dollars; proponents argue that spending trillions now could save much more in damages later. The idea of decarbonizing the economy is ambitious, commendable and urgent. In early January, for instance, came three hugely dispiriting reports. The Rhodium Group, a research firm, estimated that America’s carbon dioxide emissions, after a period of decline, had risen by 3.4 percent in 2018, even as a near-record number of coal plants around the country were retired. The main culprits were economic growth and rising emissions from factories, putting America’s vow to cut greenhouse gas emissions 26 to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025 further out of reach, absent bold new policies or technological breakthroughs.This bad news was followed by a study in Science finding that the oceans are warming at an alarming pace, 40 to 50 percent faster than the United Nations had estimated, putting corals and fisheries at even greater risk. If that were not enough, the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences followed with a study predicting faster melting of Antarctica’s huge ice reserves. These are not good signs, but Mr. Markey, ever the optimist, thinks there is no better time to put forth aggressive ambitions and solutions. Obviously, nothing will happen legislatively as long as the Republicans control the Senate and Mr. Trump sits in the White House. But the stars are aligned, Mr. Markey thinks, for a robust debate about a climate strategy that his party can take to the voters in 2020. The steady drumbeat of alarming reports, plus one climate-related multibillion dollar disaster after another, has raised public consciousness, which in turn increases public pressure on Congress to do something. In an exchange that went viral on Friday, a group of children pressed Democractic Senator Dianne Feinstein over her refusal to support the plan. “We’re the ones who are going to be impacted,” one of the children lamented.Meanwhile, technological progress toward clean-energy solutions has been nothing short of remarkable, giving the lie to the old denier argument that clean energy inevitably means fewer jobs. Wind capacity has increased more than fourfold in the last decade. Solar power, while still a very small part of the total energy mix, has increased at an even faster rate. And prices for both have dropped to the point where they are increasingly competitive with fossil fuels. Ten years ago, an electric car was a curiosity; now more than a million have been sold in the United States. For now, the nation must endure Mr. Trump’s boneheaded policies. The president has rejected the Paris agreement on climate change and rolled back Obama-era limits on carbon dioxide from coal-fired power plants and methane emissions from oil and gas facilities, while doing all he can to open more lands and waters to oil and gas exploration. Last week, his administration made clear that it would proceed with plans to weaken fuel economy standards, despite strong objections from California and other states. In addition, The Times reported, he will soon form a special committee whose main purpose, it appears, is to challenge warnings from the Pentagon and intelligence agencies that global warming poses a threat to national security. The immediate task facing the Democrats in 2021 — if they win control of the White House and Congress — will be to reverse Mr. Trump’s reversals. But even now, there are familiar policies that the Democrats, who control the House, can pass through key committees and the full House to force the Senate, and the nation, to debate them. These policies could go a long way toward meeting a goal of net zero emissions by midcentury, less than what the Green New Deal calls for but consistent with the recommendations of the United Nations. They could include a national electricity standard utilizing nuclear and carbon capture along with wind and solar; larger (and more consistent) tax incentives for electric vehicles; an infrastructure program that brings serious federal dollars to bear on improving efficiency in buildings and the electrical grid; major efforts to promote the sequestration of carbon in forests, farms and public lands — a critical component, which the Green New Deal recognizes, in any effort to pull carbon from the atmosphere. Step-by-step measures like these will suit the political temperature of most House Democrats (only about 70 of whom have endorsed the Green New Deal), including the speaker, Nancy Pelosi, who gave even the toned-down resolution the back of her hand — “The green dream or whatever they call it, nobody knows what it is, but they’re for it, right?” Whether such measures will satisfy the activists who have gathered around Ms. Ocasio-Cortez is another matter. After all, her talking points, as well as the resolution itself, speak also of providing higher education for all Americans; universal health care; affordable housing; remedies for “systemic injustices” among the poor, the elderly and people of color; and a federal job guarantee insuring “a family-sustaining wage, adequate family and medical leave, paid vacations and retirement security.” Which raises this question: Is the Green New Deal aimed at addressing the climate crisis? Or is addressing the climate crisis merely a cover for a wish-list of progressive policies and a not-so-subtle effort to move the Democratic Party to the left? At least some candidates — Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota among them — seem to think so. Read literally, the resolution wants not only to achieve a carbon-neutral energy system but also to transform the economy itself. As Mr. Markey can tell you from past experience, the first goal is going to be hard enough. Tackling climate change in a big way is in itself likely to be transformative. We should get on with it. The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.DUBAI/LONDON/MOSCOW — OPEC could raise oil output from July if Venezuelan and Iranian supply drops further and prices keep rallying, because extending production cuts with Russia and other allies could overtighten the market, sources familiar with the matter said.Venezuelan crude production has dropped below 1 million barrels per day (bpd) because of U.S. sanctions. Iranian supply could fall further after May if, as many expect, Washington tightens its sanctions against Tehran.The combined supply cuts have helped to drive a 32 percent rally in crude prices this year to nearly $72 a barrel, prompting pressure from U.S. President Donald Trump for OPEC to ease its market-supporting efforts. OPEC has been saying the curbs must remain, but that stance is now softening."If there was a big drop in supply and oil went up to $85, that's something we don't want to see, so we may have to increase output," one OPEC source said. The market outlook remains unclear and much depends on how far Washington tightens the screw on Iran and Venezuela before OPEC's June meeting, the source added.The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, Russia and other producers, an alliance known as OPEC+, are reducing output by 1.2 million bpd from Jan. 1 for six months. They meet on June 25-26 to decide whether to extend the pact.A Russian official indicated this week that Moscow wanted to pump more, in comments that a Russian energy source said were aimed at preparing the market for the end of output curbs.However, President Vladimir Putin seemingly softened that stance.A second OPEC source said producers "might" pump more if output dropped further from Iran and Venezuela and oil went above $80 by June. If this happened, any increase would be smaller than 1.2 million bpd, the source saidA third OPEC source raised the prospect of amending the deal in June while still extending the pact, citing declines in Iranian and Venezuelan production plus volatility in Libyan supply."I expect an extension for a further period, but maybe there will be some adjustment," this source said.In 2018 OPEC+ decided to increase output at its mid-year meeting, only to return to production cuts in 2019.OUTPUT DROPSOutput declines in OPEC because of the supply pact, plus the sanctions on Venezuela and Iran, have exceeded expectations.Venezuela pumped 960,000 bpd in March, down almost 500,000 bpd from February, OPEC said in a report on Wednesday. The report pointed to a slightly under-supplied market in 2019 if OPEC kept pumping at March's level.For a graphic on World oil market balance 2019, see - https://tmsnrt.rs/2VBfVGG The International Energy Agency on Thursday reported an even lower figure for Venezuela's March output and said the country's production is likely to fall further this month. Adding to the impact of the involuntary declines, top exporter Saudi Arabia has cut production by more than it agreed under the global pact.A fourth OPEC source said there were talks about ideas such as whether OPEC should continue with the cuts alone, a deal extension of only three months to keep Russia on board or pumping more if prices rise further."An increase is on the table, yes, if prices went to $80 and higher," this OPEC source said. "It all depends on where prices are by the end of May and June."Saudi Arabia can add more oil to the market without adjusting production quotas since the kingdom's output in March was some 500,000 bpd below its OPEC target, the source added.Russia is also ready to boost supplies. "Russia has started talks about an oil production rise as it can hardly follow the OPEC+ deal," said another Russian energy source. "The companies are struggling to curb production."  (Writing by Alex Lawler; Editing by Dale Hudson and David Goodman)What Was Said“When they charge 40 percent tariffs on our cars going into China, and we charge them nothing coming to our country. When they raise their tariff from 10 percent to 25 percent then 40 percent, and they said to me, ‘We expected somebody would call and say, you can’t nobody called so we just left it.’”This is misleading.President Trump’s account of China’s tariff rates and his role in relation to them is distorted.The United States charges a tariff of 2.5 percent — not “nothing” — on foreign car imports and raised the rate on Chinese vehicles to 27.5 percent over the summer.China previously imposed a 25 percent tariff on foreign car imports but lowered that rate to 15 percent in July. As trade tensions between Beijing and Washington escalated, China then increased the tariffs on American cars to 40 percent to retaliate against Mr. Trump’s new tariffs before agreeing in December to temporarily suspend them.What Was Said “The Green New Deal, I encourage it, I think it is really something that they should promote. They should work hard on, it is something the country needs desperately. They have to go out and get it, but I will take the other side of that argument, only because I am mandated to. But they should stay with that. Never change. No planes. No energy. When the wind stops blowing, that’s the end of your electric.”False.Mr. Trump has escalated a previously exaggerated claim to a false one. The Green New Deal is a proposal by liberal Democrats to combat climate change. It was introduced by Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York and Senator Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts.The legislation does not call for eliminating airplanes, though a draft summary of the plan on Ms. Ocasio-Cortez’s website did refer to getting rid of “emissions from cows or air travel.” Her staff has since retracted the post and said that it was incomplete and published by accident.It is wrong to claim that enforcement of the Green New Deal would lead to “no energy” or no electricity. The legislation calls for the expansion of renewable energy sources, which accounted for about 17.1 percent of electricity generated in the United States in 2018.What Was Said“Then in 1913, they ended tariffs.”False.The Revenue Act of 1913, or the Underwood Tariff Act, reduced tariff rates to 25 percent from roughly 40 percent but did not eliminate them completely. Tariffs still accounted for nearly one-third of federal revenue in 1915. Rates were then raised in 1922 and 1930, before liberalization became a consistent trend in American trade policy. Tariffs have generated less than 2 percent of annual federal revenue for the past 70 years.What Was Said“So we fired Comey. Schumer who called for his resignation many times. Podesta, I believe that day ... called for his resignation.”This is exaggerated.Many Democratic lawmakers had criticized James B. Comey, the former director of the F.B.I., for his handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email server before he was fired by Mr. Trump. But the two men the president singled out had not called for Mr. Comey to step down.Senator Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader, said that he had lost confidence in Mr. Comey, but he did not say that Mr. Comey should be ousted. John D. Podesta, the former Clinton campaign manager, called Mr. Comey’s handling of the investigation a “mistake” that broke with precedent but specifically declined to press for his resignation.What Was Said“We never have empty seats.”False.While Mr. Trump does draw large, passionate crowds at events and often fills overflow rooms, seats have been empty on occasion. For example, at a May 2017 rally in Harrisburg, Pa., Mr. Trump drew a crowd of roughly 9,500 people in an arena that could hold 11,431, according to The Philadelphia Inquirer. The New York Times reported that Mr. Trump had privately expressed disappointment with empty chairs at an August 2018 rally in West Virginia.What Was Said“I flew to Iraq — first time I left the White House because I stayed in the White House for months and months because I wanted the Democrats to get back from their vacations from Hawaii and these other places.”False.Mr. Trump visited troops in Iraq on Dec. 26, but that was far from his first outing in months. He traveled to the National Cathedral in Washington on Christmas Eve and went to Arlington National Cemetery on Dec. 15. Other trips took him to the Army-Navy football game in Philadelphia on Dec. 8, a law enforcement event in Missouri on Dec. 7, the Group of 20 meeting in Argentina from Nov. 29 to Dec. 1, and campaign rallies in Mississippi on Nov. 26. He also celebrated Thanksgiving at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida.Other claimsMr. Trump also made at least 9 other inaccurate claims that The Times has previously fact-checked:He understated the number of Electoral College votes Mrs. Clinton won as 223. (It was 232.)He exaggerated the United States’ annual trade deficit with China as $500 billion. (It was $336 billion in 2017.)He exaggerated the United States’ annual trade deficit with the rest of the world as $800 billion. (It was $553 billion in 2017.)He misleadingly claimed that the news media would have deemed the level of job creation and reduction in food stamp participation “impossible.” (The numbers are on par with figures reached before he took office.)He falsely claimed military spending had reached levels “nobody’s ever heard of.” (Congress authorized more money for the military several years under President Barack Obama.)He falsely claimed just 3 percent of detained unauthorized immigrants “come back for a trial.” (About 72 percent showed up in the 2017 fiscal year.)He misleadingly claimed Democrats voted to “execute” babies after birth. (Infants are rarely born alive after abortion procedures, and if they are, doctors do not kill them.)He misleadingly claimed “we just got” Veterans Choice. (The health care program has existed since 2014, though Mr. Trump did enact changes.)He falsely claimed “you couldn’t fire anybody in the V.A.” before he took office. (He signed a law that would make it easier to remove bad employees, but the department had been able to fire people before.)Curious about the accuracy of a claim? Email factcheck@nytimes.com (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate confirmed former energy lobbyist David Bernhardt as the next Interior Secretary on Thursday, even as coastal-state senators from both parties raise concerns about his plans to vastly expand offshore drilling.Senators approved Bernhardt in a 56 to 41 vote.Bernhardt replaces former Montana Congressman Ryan Zinke as the head of the Interior Department, which manages federal and tribal lands and waters and is key to President Donald Trump's efforts to boost domestic crude oil, natural gas and coal production.He was approved by the Republican-controlled Senate over the objections of Democrats concerned that his former lobbying for industry means he will favor energy and minerals development over conservation.Republican senators including Marco Rubio and Rick Scott of Florida have also raised concerns over the Interior Department's looming five-year offshore drilling plan, which could expand drilling into new parts of the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, Atlantic, Pacific and Arctic. Coastal states like Florida are concerned about the impact of a spill on their tourism industries.But in a sign that Bernhardt has assuaged some of those concerns in recent days, both Rubio and Scott voted for Berhardt's confirmation. Republican senators from North Carolina and South Carolina, two other states opposed to drilling off their coastlines, also voted to confirm Bernhardt."I am VERY confident that when all is said & done no oil drilling is coming to our coastline," Rubio said on Twitter ahead of the vote.Rubio and Scott had sent a letter to Bernhardt last month urging him to keep Florida protected from offshore drilling and honor a promise Zinke had made prior to his resignation that Florida would be exempted from the plan.Democratic senators continued to urge that the Senate reject Bernhardt's confirmation because of his close ties to some of the industries that the Interior Department would regulate.Oregon Democratic Senator Ron Wyden, for example, asked the Department of Justice earlier this week to investigate whether Bernhardt was in violation of lobbying disclosure laws.“Add these troubling allegations to the long list of reasons why the nomination of David Bernhardt should be stopped, or at minimum delayed, until the Senate and the American people get all of the facts,” said Wyden.  (Reporting by Valerie Volcovici; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)(Reuters) - A fiery gas explosion triggered by a construction worker in Durham, North Carolina, leveled a building on Wednesday, killing at least one person and injuring at least 17, authorities said.The blast, which occurred as officials were evacuating people from the area about a half-hour after a gas leak was reported, left five buildings smoldering in the city's downtown on its 150th birthday, officials said. "The fires have been contained and they're under control but the incident is far from over," Durham Fire Chief Bob Zoldos told reporters near the scene.While all people who had been in the two-story buildings were accounted for, Zoldos said rescue workers will spend the next two days searching the fire-damaged buildings and sifting through the rubble of the one that sustained "catastrophic damage."Because some of the building space had retail businesses, he said he could not rule out the possibility of more victims. Officials did not immediately identify the person killed.The blast sent 17 people to area hospitals, including six with critical injuries and a firefighter whose injuries were serious but not life-threatening, officials said.The incident began with a report at 9:38 a.m. (1338 GMT) of a leak when a 2-inch (5 cm) gas line was ruptured by a contractor drilling under a sidewalk, officials said.A half-hour later, as the area was being evacuated, there was a loud explosion that leveled a building, shattered glass on parts of Duke University's downtown campus and erupted into flames that firefighters spent hours battling.The local gas company, PSNC Energy, a subsidiary of Dominion Energy Inc, said in a statement that its crews had shut off the flow of gas to the area shortly after 11 a.m. (1500 GMT).The explosion also prompted the evacuation of the nearby Durham School of the Arts, but caused no injuries, the school said. Durham Schools Superintendent Pascal Mubenga said the school would remain closed on Wednesday while its structure is examined.Durham Mayor Steve Schewel praised the efforts of first responders and noted the irony of the tragedy occurring on the city's 150th birthday. "It's not a happy day, but, again, it's a day when I am so proud of how our local government functions," he told reporters. (Reporting by Peter Szekely in New York; Editing by James Dalgleish)SINGAPORE — Oil prices fell on Thursday after U.S. crude stockpiles surged to their highest levels in almost 17 months amid record production.International benchmark Brent futures were at $71.57 per barrel at 0056 GMT, down 16 cents, or 0.2 percent, from their last close.U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil futures were at $64.36 per barrel, down 25 cents, or 0.4 percent, from their previous settlement.U.S. crude inventories rose 7 million barrels to 456.6 million barrels in the last week, their highest since November 2017, the Energy Information Administration said on Wednesday.U.S. crude oil production remained at a record 12.2 million barrels per day (bpd), making the United States the world's biggest oil producer ahead of Russia and Saudi Arabia. Graphic: U.S. oil production, storage & drilling levels, click https://tmsnrt.rs/2HWNIqK Despite this growth in U.S. supply, global oil markets remain tight amid supply cuts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), U.S. sanctions on oil exporters Iran and Venezuela, and escalating fighting in Libya.As a result, Brent and WTI have risen by around 30 and 40 percent respectively since the start of the year.Venezuela's oil output sank to a new long-term low last month due to U.S. sanctions and blackouts, with production plunging to 960,000 bpd in March, a drop of almost 500,000 bpd from February."Pressure to global supplies continues to mount because of sanctions-linked problems in Iran and Venezuela and rising geopolitical risk in Libya," said Stephen Innes, head of trading at SPI Asset Management.Beyond the short-term outlook for oil markets, a lot of attention is on the future of demand amid the rise of alternative fuels for transport."We believe global demand has another 10 million barrels bpd of growth, with over half from China," Bernstein Energy said in a note on Thursday.Current oil demand stands around 100 million bpd.Bernstein said it expected oil demand to peak around 2030, but added that "we expect a long plateau rather than a sharp decline" in consumption after that."While no industry lasts forever, the age of oil is far from over," Bernstein said. (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Joseph Radford)Stocks notched solid gains on Wall Street Friday, erasing most of the losses the market sustained after an uneven week of trading.The strong finish gave the S&P 500 its third straight weekly gain. The benchmark index is now just under 1% from its most recent all-time high set on September 20, reflecting the strong rebound for the market this year after a dismal slide in December.Banks led the gains Friday after a solid quarterly profit report from JPMorgan Chase opened the latest round of highly anticipated company earnings. Banks have been benefiting from higher interest rates, which allow them to book fatter profits from making loans.Disney surged to an all-time high after it announced plans to offer its own video streaming service. Disney will be going head-to-head with Netflix, which declined.The market was coming off a wobbly week as investors worried that the early first-quarter earnings reports would come in even weaker than the low expectations analysts already have.The solid results from major banks Friday were encouraging, but investors need to see more, said Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at CFRA."In general, you need to have the financial companies participate in order for a market advance to continue," Stovall said. "Investors will be waiting, listening for other news that would be beneficial not only to banks, but to industrial and technology stocks."The S&P 500 index rose 19.09 points, or 0.7%, to 2,907.41. The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 269.25 points, or 1%, to 26,412.30. The average still finished slightly lower for the week.The Nasdaq composite gained 36.80 points, or 0.5%, to 7,984.16. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 5.66 points, or 0.4%, to 1,584.80.Bond prices fell. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury rose to 2.56% from 2.50% late Thursday.Indexes in Europe and Asia closed broadly higher.In addition to banks, technology, communications and industrial companies helped lift U.S. stocks Friday. Health care was the only sector to lose ground. So far this year, it's lagging the other 10 sectors in the S&P 500.The market got an early boost from new economic data out of China showing the world's second-largest economy benefited from a surge in exports last month, even as Beijing and Washington continued to negotiate a resolution to their costly trade war.The gain marks a turnaround from a severe contraction in February and helped put investor fears over a global economic slowdown in check.The data on Chinese exports suggests that growth is potentially going to rebound, said Tom Martin, senior portfolio manager with Globalt Investments."It wasn't as bad as people had expected it might be," he said.Investors will be focusing over the next few weeks on company earnings reports in hopes of gleaning clues about the trajectory of the U.S. economy and corporate profits. Citigroup, UnitedHealth Group and Johnson & Johnson are among the larger companies releasing results next week.Analysts expect companies in the S&P 500 to report a 3.4% drop in earnings per share from a year earlier, which would be the first decline since the spring of 2016. The expected drop in profits is due almost entirely to weaker profit margins.Traders were encouraged Friday by JPMorgan's quarterly report card. The investment banking giant rose 4.7% after it reported solid profits for the first quarter.Wells Fargo initially rose after its results beat analysts' forecasts, but its shares turned lower by midmorning and never recovered. The stock fell 2.6%.JPMorgan and Wells Fargo's latest results show that higher interest rates during the quarter drove increases in revenue. Those higher rates allow banks and financial companies to charge more for loans and credit cards.The trend helped boost shares in other major banks. Goldman Sachs picked up 2.5%, Bank of America added 3.8% and Citigroup rose 2.3%.Disney surged 11.5% after it released plans to offer a streaming entertainment service dubbed Disney Plus. The service is scheduled to roll out on November 12 at $6.99 per month. That's well below the $13 monthly price tag for rival Netflix, whose stock fell 4.5%.Disney ended a lucrative licensing relationship with Netflix in order to create the streaming service. It faces challenges as it builds a service to compete with the entrenched streaming leaders, which also include HBO Go and Showtime.Energy companies rose Friday after Chevron said it would pay $33 billion to buy rival Anadarko Petroleum. The sector has been rising as oil prices have surged about 40% so far this year, sending energy company revenues higher and giving them more funds for investment.Anadarko vaulted 32%. Among other big gainers in the sector, Pioneer Natural Resources jumped 11.5% and Devon Energy climbed 7.4%. Chevron was one of the sector's few decliners, dropping 4.9%.Energy futures closed mostly higher. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 0.5% to settle at $63.89 a barrel. Brent crude gained 1% to close at $71.55 a barrel.Wholesale gasoline added 0.3% to $2.04 a gallon, heating oil picked up 0.2% to $2.07 a gallon and natural gas dropped 0.2% to $2.66 per 1,000 cubic feet.The dollar rose to 112.08 yen from 111.66 yen on Thursday. The euro strengthened to $1.1296 from $1.1258.Gold inched 0.1% higher to $1,295.20 an ounce, silver added 0.6% to $14.96 an ounce and copper rose 2% to $2.95 a pound.___AP Business Writer Damian J. Troise contributed to this report.Welcome to the Climate Fwd: newsletter. The New York Times climate team emails readers once a week with stories and insights about climate change. Sign up here to get it in your inbox.By John SchwartzHi, everybody! Things have been heating up around here, especially in the ocean. A new study suggests the oceans have been warming more rapidly than scientists previously thought. Zeke Hausfather, an author of the study, told our colleague Kendra Pierre-Louis that 2018 would turn out to be “the warmest year on record for the Earth’s oceans, as 2017 was the warmest year, and 2016 was the warmest year.”The news about the oceans makes you wonder how high 2018 will rank among the hottest years in recorded history. We’d love to tell you, but we can’t: The government shutdown has stalled that data, and a lot of other important science besides. Kendra has that story, too.That’s just one of the effects of the shutdown. Coral Davenport wrote about furloughed pollution inspectors at the Environmental Protection Agency who would normally be checking up on chemical factories, power plants, oil refineries, water treatment plants and thousands of other industrial sites for pollution violations.Still, not everything is idle for the Trump administration. It is bringing back at least 40 federal employees to work on plans to sell oil and gas drilling leases off the United States coastline. And the hearing over the nomination of Andrew Wheeler to head the Environmental Protection Agency went on as scheduled.In California, Pacific Gas and Electric will seek bankruptcy protection over the billions of dollars in liability it faces from two years of deadly wildfires. Climate change is a factor, helping to make wildfires more numerous and more destructive — and making the utility “one of the first major financial casualties from climate change.”And, if all of that is the sort of news that might have you reaching for a comforting cup of coffee, you guessed it: Climate change (and deforestation) is threatening many wild species of coffee. Somini Sengupta tells us that the loss of diversity means we could be losing options to adapt our morning cup to a changing world.How far can a president go?By John SchwartzAs the impasse continues over President Trump’s demand for a border wall, Mr. Trump and his allies have floated the idea of his declaring a national emergency that they say might allow him to build it without congressional approval.Mr. Trump has already pulled back somewhat from his earlier threats of an emergency declaration. But the idea alone has caused consternation, and not just among Democrats. Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said last week that the precedent of declaring an emergency to build the wall worried him. “We have to be careful about endorsing broad uses of executive power,” he said. “Tomorrow the national emergency might be climate change.“Hmm,” we thought here at Team Climate. Could a future president who accepts the seriousness of the climate threat declare an emergency to get things done? How would that work?There are 136 statutory provisions that grant powers to the president under an emergency declaration, according to a recent report from the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University. These laws are very specific in their effects, said Elizabeth Goitein, a co-director of the center’s Liberty and National Security Program.Whether the laws would allow Mr. Trump to build a wall is questionable; whether they would allow action on climate change is even more so.Some of the laws do allow the president to act on environmental safeguards and energy production, but “they all cut the other way,” Ms. Goitein said. These are laws that allow the president to temporarily suspend environmental protections, for example, in the case of a national emergency that requires a quick surge in energy production. So, those laws could not be used to tighten environmental protections or to reduce energy production.“There are no emergency provisions to protect the Earth,” Ms. Goitein said.What’s more, the meaning of an emergency when invoking these powers is rooted in the idea of things that happen suddenly, without the kind of warning that gives Congress time to act — and one thing that isn’t sudden is knowledge about climate change.The intention of the provisions, Ms. Goitein said, is not to “get around the law” or to perform an end run around a Congress that disagrees with the president’s wishes.“We are in a climate emergency,” said Michael Burger, executive director of the Sabin Center for Climate Change Law at Columbia University. “But just because you call something an emergency doesn’t mean that it fits under the president’s statutory authority.”One thing you can do: Watch the warm waterBy Tik RootWhen you turn on the shower, chances are that hot water (eventually) comes out. While we may wonder why it takes so long for the water to warm, that’s about as far as our minds probably wander on the subject. But here’s something to remember: Keeping water hot is one of the most energy-intensive components of our daily lives.According to the Energy Department, water heating accounts for about 18 percent of a home’s energy consumption. That’s usually second only to home heating (which we covered last month) and cooling. But it often goes overlooked, said Gary Klein, a consultant on hot water efficiency.For energy-conscious homeowners who have already gone through a standard checklist, “water heating is going to be the biggest one thing that’s left,” Mr. Klein said. “It’s like the next gold mine to go mining in.”There are a number of places to start, some easier than others.If you’re building a new home or doing major renovations, Mr. Klein suggests a design where the taps and hot water heater are as close to one another as possible. Another consideration is whether to go with a traditional hot water tank or a tankless system, which is more expensive to install but uses less energy because it heats water only on demand.High-efficiency appliances also go a long way, Mr. Klein said, mainly because they use less water, thus reducing the need to heat it in the first place.But there are also simple things that most anyone can do. Switching to low-flow fixtures, for example, reduces the demand for hot water, leading to significant savings.Another place to look is on the water heater itself, where the temperature is almost always adjustable. If your water is coming out of the tap scalding, the temperature is probably set too high, so go ahead and try inching it down until you feel comfortable. The Energy Department recommends 120 degrees.Mr. Klein recommends looking into other modifications as well. Demand-activated pumps, for example, can help bring your water up to temperature without wasting water down the drain. Pressure-compensating aerators better regulate the flow from fixtures and can be quite inexpensive.The technology, he said, is much better than it used to be. “If you tried this stuff some years ago,” he said, “it’s time to try it again.”Mr. Klein also recommends insulating your hot water pipes. Doing so keeps your unused hot water warmer for longer, meaning less energy is needed to heat it back up.“Poorly insulated pipes,” Mr. Klein said, “is sort of like having screen doors in submarines.”We’d love your feedback on this newsletter. Please email thoughts and suggestions to climateteam@nytimes.com.If you like what we’re doing, please spread the word and send this to your friends. You can sign up here to get our newsletter delivered to your inbox each week.And be sure to check out our full assortment of free newsletters from The Times.GRINNELL, Iowa — Beto O'Rourke and other 2020 Democratic presidential candidates making appeals to young voters face a challenge.They can soak up the energy of young crowds at campus rallies, but that doesn't necessarily translate into support on Election Day.Even when enthusiasm about an election is high, as it was during the 2018 midterms, young people often participate in lower rates than their older counterparts.Last year in Iowa, home to several competitive races, voters ages 18 to 24 made up less than 7% of the overall electorate, according to the Iowa secretary of state.It can be even tougher to get someone to show up for a presidential caucus.HOUSTON — Chevron Corp's proposed $33-billion (£25 billion) deal for Anadarko Petroleum vaults the company into top ranks of the world's biggest oil companies and cements its chief executive, Mike Wirth, as a dealmaker. The merger, the sixth largest energy acquisition by value, propels Chevron two spots to the second-largest major by oil output, behind Exxon Mobil Corp, according to research firms Drillinginfo and Wood Mackenzie.It comes less than three months after Wirth bought Pasadena Refining System Inc, the (PRSI) operator of a Texas oil refinery. "My aspirations are for the company to be a strong performer," Wirth said in an interview on Friday. "We have always said and will still say that anything we do would have to make us even stronger." Wirth, 58, took over as chief executive 14 months ago, with a reputation for keen attention to costs earned from running Chevron's pipeline and trading units, and nearly a decade in charge of its refining business. The Anadarko deal was negotiated over the last few weeks, though Chevron has been thinking about the deal for some time, Wirth, a chemical engineer by training, said on Friday. Wirth is detailed-oriented and a relentless worker, said Mike Sommers, president of industry group American Petroleum Institute, where Wirth is a member of the executive committee. After a recent dinner concluded at 10 p.m., Wirth headed off to make calls to staff overseas, Sommers said."He is not someone who enters into every conversation but when he engages on an issue, he has a way of bringing the room together," said Sommers.His deal for Anadarko marks the company's biggest expansion since its acquisition of Texaco in 2000. The purchase makes Chevron the top producer in the Permian Basin, the largest U.S. shale field. It also expands its oil and gas operations in the Gulf of Mexico and in liquefied natural gas."It wasn't that long ago you wouldn't have heard the word 'Permian' in anything from Chevron," said Rob Thummel, portfolio manager at energy investment firm Tortoise Capital. Chevron's $350 million (£268 million) deal for PRSI, a Gulf Coast refinery business owned by Brazil's Petrobras, fits its Permian expansion. The unit will turn West Texas crude into gasoline and fuels for its retailing network. (Reporting by Jennifer Hiller; Editing by Nick Zieminski)THE UNINHABITABLE EARTH Life After Warming By David Wallace-WellsLOSING EARTH A Climate History By Nathaniel RichClimate change is the greatest challenge humanity has collectively faced. That challenge is, to put it mildly, practical; but it also poses a problem to the imagination. Our politics, our societies, are arranged around individual and group interests. These interests have to do with class, or ethnicity, or gender, or economics — make your own list. By asserting these interests, we call out to each other so that as a collective we see and hear one another. From that beginning, we construct the three overlapping, interacting R’s of recognition, representation and rights.The problem with climate change, as an existential challenge to humanity, is that the interest-based model of society and politics doesn’t work. Most of the people in whose interest we are demanding action aren’t here. They haven’t been born yet. And because the areas first and most affected by climate change are the poorest regions of earth, we are talking about the least seen, least represented group on our planet. We have to imagine these people into being, and then grant them rights, and then take unprecedented, society-wide action on that basis.The demand climate change makes on us is to feel empathy for the unborn poor of the global south, and change our economies to act on the basis of their needs. That’s something humanity has never done before.Pessimism would be an ethical catastrophe. It leads only to despair, despair to inaction, and inaction to a future world David Attenborough has described as “the collapse of our civilizations and the extinction of much of the natural world.” To avoid the most terrible possible versions of our future, we have to stay positive; it’s the only moral response to this crisis. And there are grounds to do so, as David Wallace-Wells argues in his brilliant new book, “The Uninhabitable Earth: Life After Warming”: “We have all the tools we need, today, to stop it all: a carbon tax and the political apparatus to aggressively phase out dirty energy, a new approach to agricultural practices and a shift away from beef and dairy in the global diet; and public investment in green energy and carbon capture.”ImageGlobal emissions could be cut by a third if the richest 10 percent of humanity cut their use of energy to the same level as affluent, comfortable Europe. One prospective technique to scrub carbon from the atmosphere would cost $3 trillion a year, a colossal amount — but significantly less than the current level of subsidies paid out globally for fossil fuel, estimated at $5 trillion. Taken all in all, solutions are “obvious” and “available.” The only obstacle to implementing them is political will.This litany of ideas might make “The Uninhabitable Earth” sound upbeat. That would be misleading. At the heart of Wallace-Wells’s book is a remorseless, near-unbearable account of what we are doing to our planet. Climate change is “not just the biggest threat human life on the planet has ever faced but a threat of an entirely different category and scale,” he writes. Even if collective action manages to keep us to 2 degrees Celsius of warming — a target it looks like we are currently on course to miss — we would be facing a world in which “the ice sheets will begin their collapse, global G.D.P. per capita will be cut by 13 percent, 400 million more people will suffer from water scarcity, major cities in the equatorial band of the planet will become unlivable, and even in the northern latitudes heat waves will kill thousands each summer.”But remember, he writes, “this is our best case scenario.” Wallace-Wells takes us through a compendium of the ways in which things could get so much worse, from simple “heat death” through catastrophic storms, droughts, flooding, wildfires, pollution, plague, economic collapse and war. We will see migration on a scale the world has never experienced: United Nations and World Bank estimates of how many people will be forcibly displaced by the middle of this century range from the tens to the hundreds of millions. All of this will affect the world’s poor far more than the world’s rich. The innocent, who have done the least to damage the environment through the consumption of fossil fuels, will suffer more than the guilty.“The Uninhabitable Earth” gives readers’ emotions a thorough workout along that pessimism-to-despair spectrum, before we are brought round to the writer’s “acceptance of responsibility.” I stress the emotional aspect because it is crucial: We are facing a call to action that we are, on the evidence of our behavior so far, likely to ignore, unless we directly feel its urgency. We know this, because that’s what we have been doing. The science of global warming has been settled for 40 years, but we have not just continued to pollute, we have accelerated the rate at which we’ve been doing so. Most of the carbon humans have put into the atmosphere has been emitted in the last three decades. As Wallace-Wells tartly puts it, “We have done as much damage to the fate of the planet and its ability to sustain human life and civilization since Al Gore published his first book on the climate than in all the centuries — all the millenniums — that came before.”This is part of the tragedy. It’s not just that we know what’s happening, it’s that we’ve known for years and done nothing. Nathaniel Rich observes in “Losing Earth: A Recent History” that “nearly every conversation we have in 2019 about climate change was being held in 1979.” His gripping, depressing, revelatory book is an expanded version of a whole-issue article that appeared in The New York Times Magazine last year. It is an account of what went wrong — of how it was that a moment of growing awareness of climate change, and an apparent willingness to act on the knowledge, was allowed to dissipate into stasis and inaction.ImageThe story runs from 1979 to 1989. Rich frames his narrative through a central character, Rafe Pomerance, a Friends of the Earth lobbyist who first came across the issue of global warming in a 1979 E.P.A. report. In the ’80s, Congress had several hearings into climate change, which was accepted as an urgent priority even by a figure as conservative and anti-intellectual as Dan Quayle: “The greenhouse effect is an important environmental issue. We need to get on with it.”So why didn’t they?Rich offers a number of reasons. Scientists struggled to put across a clear message with sufficient force, for one. Pomerance looked with envy at the clarity with which the “hole in the ozone layer” was targeted for action by concerned scientists, notwithstanding the fact that, as Rich writes, “there was no hole, and there was no layer.” The climate scientists’ honorable struggles with complexity, probability models and time-lags between cause and effect helped dilute the impact of their message. A 1983 report by the Academy of Sciences, “Changing Climate,” was interpreted as calling for “caution not panic.” Roger Revelle, one of America’s leading scientists and author of a 1957 paper that was one of the first to describe the greenhouse effect, said that “we’re flashing a yellow light but not a red light. It’s not an unmitigated disaster by any means. It’s just a change.” The effect of all this was that the fight against climate change lost momentum at a critical point.The greater part of responsibility for the failure, however, lies with politicians and energy companies. The big fossil fuel firms knew the realities of human-caused climate change but chose to ignore them and to lobby for the right to damage the environment; the Republican Party had factions that were in league with Big Energy, overlapping with other factions in denial about the scientific realities. The Reagan administration fought hard against environmental protections of any kind; the Bush administration made rhetorical gestures but John Sununu, George H.W. Bush’s chief of staff, did not believe in anthropogenic climate change and fought the scientists hard, and ultimately successfully.The first meeting of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in 1989 ended without the thing it was convened to achieve, binding targets on global emissions. With American leadership, Rich writes, “warming could have been held to less than 1.5 degrees.” The United States chose to shoot down the agreement. “And with that a decade of excruciating, painful, exhilarating progress turned to air.” More carbon has been emitted into the atmosphere since that 1989 conference than in the preceding history of civilization.Climate change is a tragedy, but Rich makes clear that it is also a crime — a thing that bad people knowingly made worse, for their personal gain. That, I suspect, is one of the many aspects to the climate change battle that posterity will find it hard to believe, and impossible to forgive.WASHINGTON — U.S. consumer prices increased by the most in 14 months in March, but the underlying inflation trend remained benign amid slowing domestic and global economic growth.The mixed report from the Labor Department on Wednesday was broadly supportive of the Federal Reserve's decision last month to suspended its three-year campaign to raise interest rates. The U.S. central bank dropped projections for any rate hikes this year after lifting borrowing costs four times in 2018. Minutes of the Fed's March 19-20 meeting, published on Wednesday, showed most policymakers viewed price pressures as "muted," but expected inflation to rise to or near the central bank's 2 percent target. The Fed's preferred inflation measure, the personal consumption expenditures price index excluding food and energy is currently at 1.8 percent."For the most part, inflation remains tame," said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland, Pennsylvania. "The Fed effectively went on vacation and is likely to stay there for quite a few more months."The Labor Department said its Consumer Price Index rose 0.4 percent, boosted by increases in the costs of food, gasoline and rents. That was the biggest advance since January 2018 and followed a 0.2 percent gain in February.In the 12 months through March, the CPI increased 1.9 percent. The CPI gained 1.5 percent in February, which was the smallest rise since September 2016. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast the CPI climbing 0.3 percent in March and accelerating 1.8 percent year-on-year.Stripping out the volatile food and energy components, the CPI nudged up 0.1 percent, matching February's gain. The so-called core CPI was held down by a 1.9 percent plunge in apparel prices, the largest drop since January 1949. The government last month introduced a new method and data to calculate apparel prices. Apparel prices, which had increased for two straight months, trimmed the core CPI by 0.07 percentage point in March. Many economists expected a reversal in April."The new price collection methodology for apparel incorporates corporate data from one unidentified department store to complement prior survey-based collection," said Kathy Bostjancic, head of U.S. Macro Investor Services at Oxford Economics in New York. "The new methodology appears more likely to show large monthly declines due to the lifecycle of apparel."LOW INFLATION EXPECTATIONSIn the 12 months through March, the core CPI increased 2.0 percent, the smallest advance since February 2018. The core CPI rose 2.1 percent year-on-year in February.The dollar was trading slightly lower against a basket of currencies, while U.S. Treasury prices rose. Stocks on Wall Street were mostly higher. Inflation has remained muted, with wage growth increasing moderately despite tightening labor market conditions. Minutes of the March policy meeting showed some Fed officials believed the benign price pressures could be the result of low inflation expectations and also an indication the labor market was likely not as tight as implied by measures of resource utilization. "The minutes reinforce our view that rates are on hold for the foreseeable future, though this could shift if the economy and or inflation surprise to the up or down sides," said Sal Guatieri, a senior economist at BMO Capital Markets in Toronto.A 3.5 percent jump in energy prices in March accounted for about 60 percent of the increase in the CPI last month. Gasoline prices surged 6.5 percent, the biggest gain since September 2017, after rising 1.5 percent in February. Food prices gained 0.3 percent after accelerating 0.4 percent in February. Food consumed at home increased 0.4 percent. Consumers also paid more for rent. Owners' equivalent rent of primary residence, which is what a homeowner would pay to rent or receive from renting a home, increased 0.3 percent in March after a similar gain in February.Healthcare costs rebounded 0.3 percent after slipping 0.2 percent in February. There were increases in the costs of prescription medication and hospital services.The cost of new vehicles rebounded 0.4 percent after declining 0.2 percent in February. But there were decreases in the prices of used motor vehicles and trucks, airline fares and motor vehicle insurance. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)Eating highly processed foods could shorten your life, a new study suggests.The study, in JAMA Internal Medicine, tracked diet and health over eight years in more than 44,000 French men and women. Their average age was 58 at the start. About 29 percent of their energy intake was ultraprocessed foods. Such foods include instant noodles and soups, breakfast cereals, energy bars and drinks, chicken nuggets and many other ready-made meals and packaged snacks containing numerous ingredients and manufactured using industrial processes.There were 602 deaths over the course of the study, mostly from cancer and cardiovascular disease. Even after adjusting for many health, socioeconomic and behavioral characteristics, including scores on a scale of compliance with a healthy diet, the study found that for every 10 percent increase in ultraprocessed food consumption, there was a 14 percent increase in the risk of death.The authors suggest that high-temperature processing may form contaminants, that additives may be carcinogenic, and that the packaging of prepared foods can lead to contamination.“This is an association, and we cannot prove that it is causal,” said a co-author, Mathilde Touvier, a research director at Inserm, the French public health research center. “People may be scared and think they’re going to die if they eat these foods,” she said, “but we need not be alarmist.”PRAGUE — Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis said on Wednesday he had proposed Karel Havlicek, the head of a small business association and deputy chief of government science and research council, as the new industry minister.He will replace Marta Novakova, who was an ally of pro-Chinese and pro-Russian President Milos Zeman. Novakova said earlier on Wednesday that Babis had decided to replace her.Among the main tasks for the ministry is regulation of the energy and telecoms markets and preparing a project to build a new nuclear power station.Babis said he was also proposing lawyer Vladimir Kremlik, who has worked for the government, as new transport minister to replace Dan Tok, who resigned. (Reporting by Jan Lopatka; Editing by Jason Hovet)RIDGEFIELD, Conn. — Authorities say it could cost over $50,000 to repair a Connecticut baseball diamond where somebody dumped gasoline and set it on fire to dry out the infield.Police are investigating the fire in Ridgefield in which 25 gallons of gasoline was poured on the field Saturday.First Selectman Rudy Marconi told Hearst Connecticut Media that 75 to 100 people watched as it happened, with some recording video on their cellphones. The town's high school baseball team had been planning to host Amity on the field.Workers from the state Department of Energy and Environmental Protection responded. A hazardous waste removal crew began digging up the contaminated soil Sunday, and Marconi says the spill team will move it off site this week.No one has been charged.BERLIN — A group that has helped organize weekly student protests in Germany against climate change is calling for the country's phase-out of coal-fired power plants to be sped up.The group Fridays For Future says the current tentative deadline of 2038 is too late and should be brought forward by eight years.At a news conference in Berlin, leaders of the group said Monday that Germany should also generate all of its energy from renewable sources and cut net greenhouse gas emissions to zero by 2035.The protests, inspired by Swedish teen activist Greta Thunberg, have grown rapidly in size in Germany and elsewhere since last year.Some politicians have criticized the fact that they've involved thousands — and sometimes tens of thousands — of students skipping school each Friday.PRUDHOE BAY, Alaska — New technology is being used to search for untapped oil in an Alaska bay that is already an established source of fossil fuel.The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner reported Saturday that oil and gas company BP is employing "3D seismic" technology to locate small pockets of previously undiscovered oil in Prudhoe Bay in northern Alaska.The newspaper reports the area has been an oil source for more than four decades, but in recent years its flow has slowed.Company officials say the technology involves metal platforms mounted to trucks, which send sonic energy into the ground that returns as three-dimensional data about the geology below, including hidden pockets of oil.The company says the 3D seismic survey from January through April will sweep over 450 square miles (about 1,166 square kilometers.)___Information from: Fairbanks (Alaska) Daily News-Miner, http://www.newsminer.comSAN FRANCISCO — The Department of Energy disclosed details on Monday of one of the most expensive computers being built: a $500 million machine based on Intel and Cray technology that may become crucial in a high-stakes technology race between the United States and China.The supercomputer, called Aurora, is a retooling of a development effort first announced in 2015 and is scheduled to be delivered to the Argonne National Laboratory near Chicago in 2021. Lab officials predict it will be the first American machine to reach a milestone called “exascale” performance, surpassing a quintillion calculations per second.That’s roughly seven times the speed rating of the most powerful system built to date, or 1,000 times faster than the first “petascale” systems that began arriving in 2008. Backers hope the new machines will let researchers create significantly more accurate simulations of phenomena such as drug responses, climate changes, the inner workings of combustion engines and solar panels.Supercomputers, which play a major role in tasks such as weapons design and code-breaking, have long been considered a proxy for national competitiveness in science and technology. The United States led the field for decades, but China has become an aggressive rival.An IBM system called Summit, built for the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee, took back the No. 1 position last year on a twice-yearly ranking of the world’s 500 most powerful systems — a spot held by China for five years. But China leads by another key measure: It accounted for 227 systems on the Top 500 list, compared with 109 for the United States.Aurora — which is also designed to exploit new advances in the field of artificial intelligence, including machine learning techniques pushed lately by the likes of Google and Facebook — may not crack the new speed barrier first. Jack Dongarra, a computer scientist at the University of Tennessee who monitors global developments, is tracking plans for three systems in China that are scheduled to be delivered in 2020 with exascale performance.In addition, Mr. Dongarra said, the Energy Department is expected to follow Aurora with exascale class systems at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory and Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, near San Francisco.Supercomputer speeds are not usually discussed much until machines run standard performance tests. But the stakes associated with the shift to exascale systems, and their enormous price tags, have attracted outsize attention. The energy secretary, Rick Perry, who took part in the event discussing Aurora on Monday, announced a plan last year to spend up to $1.8 billion on two to three exascale systems.Aurora, which far exceeds the $200 million price for Summit, represents a record government contract for Intel and a test of its continued leadership in supercomputers. The Silicon Valley giant’s popular processors — the calculating engine for nearly all personal computers and server systems — power most such machines. But additional accelerator chips are considered essential to reach the very highest speeds, and its rival Nvidia has built a sizable business adapting chips first used with video games for use in supercomputers.The version of Aurora announced in 2015 was based on an Intel accelerator chip that the company later discontinued. A revised plan to seek more ambitious performance targets was announced two years later.Features discussed on Monday include unreleased Intel accelerator chips, a version of its standard Xeon processor, new memory and communications technology and a design that packages chips on top of one another to save space and power.Cray, a longtime supercomputer maker, is providing a system design called Shasta, as well as technology to speed the flow of data inside Aurora, said Peter J. Ungaro, the company’s chief executive. Intel and Cray are also supplying new software to make advanced supercomputers easier to program.“We want to make exascale computing available to everyone,” said Raja M. Koduri, senior vice president of Intel’s core and visual computing group.Rick L. Stevens, an associate laboratory director at Argonne, acknowledged that Aurora represented a gamble on a collection of new technologies.“We have to take risks in order to advance the state of the art,” he said. “If you don’t do that, you won’t be on the leading edge of technology.”CEMAES, Wales — Not far from this harbor village of brightly painted houses on Anglesey Island, a huge construction project is underway. Gates and wire fences are up. Archaeologists are sifting through dirt to document stony dwellings dating from 100 B.C. A technical school is welcoming apprentices eager to learn how to maneuver in high-tech control rooms and operate water-cooling systems.The activity is all tied to a plan by Horizon Nuclear Power to turn this rugged outpost into the home of a plant that could be critical not just to the company, but to the Welsh economy and Britain’s energy future.Horizon, a subsidiary of the Japanese conglomerate Hitachi, is in private talks with the British government over how and when it might build a nuclear plant here at the northern tip of Wales. If the parties reach a deal on how the project’s estimated 15 billion pound ($18.95 billion) cost will be paid, this stronghold of Welsh culture will change in ways that residents are just starting to consider.Some people worry about nonstop truck traffic, the blasting of rock and soil, and the waves of outsiders the plant would bring to live and work in the area.Others in northern Wales herald the economic benefit the potentially enormous investment could have. They see the Horizon plant, which is expected to produce enough electricity for 5.5 million homes, as a vehicle for rebirth.The British government, eager for reliable, low-carbon energy to replace aging coal plants and nuclear reactors, has been encouraging. Greg Clark, the business and energy minister, told Parliament in June that the new Wales plant, Wylfa Newydd, was “next” in Britain’s nuclear “pipeline” and that the government would consider making a “direct investment” in it with Japanese government agencies.But Horizon and Hitachi executives are frustrated with the pace of the talks. In an interview, Duncan Hawthorne, Horizon’s chief executive, said Hitachi had spent “billions” of pounds on the project, including the cost of acquiring it from two German utilities in 2012.“It is a very long and expensive road here,” he said, adding that “the next several months will be critical.”Hitachi, without providing exact figures, wants government financing from Britain and Japan to help attract outside investors like pension funds that seek long-term income streams. Investments by the governments would also help lower Horizon’s risk rating.The Wylfa Newydd plant, with two giant reactors, would be just the second nuclear plant to be built in the United Kingdom since the 1990s. Once a world leader, Britain’s nuclear industry atrophied after serious accidents in Ukraine and the United States spurred broad resistance to nuclear power.Britain has legally committed to cutting carbon emissions. As a result, the government is reassessing its energy options amid a decline in natural gas from the North Sea oil fields and a decision to phase out the use of coal.Proponents of wind and solar energy say Britain should be putting its money there, but those sources have not been able to match the steady supply of power nuclear energy produces. So nuclear plants are back in vogue. One is being built at Hinkley Point in southwest England, and at least four more are planned.“It’s hard to conceive that nuclear does not have an important role to play,” said Steve Holliday, a former chief executive of National Grid, the British power system operator.Britain’s renewed interest in nuclear power stands out among Western countries, where such plants have become forbiddingly costly and complex. The challenges were evident in October when Toshiba scrapped plans to build a plant in northern England.Delays and cost overruns at plants being built at Olkiluoto, Finland, and Flamanville, France, have hurt the industry’s reputation elsewhere in Europe. Germany, the region’s top manufacturing power, is phasing out nuclear power. An abundance of cheap shale gas has undercut interest in the United States, although two new plants are in the works.Hitachi is intent on the plant in Wales, Mr. Hawthorne said, because it would provide a key European foothold after the 2011 Fukushima accident dampened interest in Japan. Horizon executives have described the area as an ideal location, with water from the sea to be used in the cooling system and the rocky terrain able to bear the massive concrete structure that nuclear power demands.For Anglesey Island, with a population of about 70,000, the project would provide a huge lift and create around 850 permanent jobs. Many local residents favor it because a smaller nuclear facility on a nearby seaside bluff was a dependable employer for nearly 50 years before closing in 2015.Gareth Winston Roberts, a local councilor who worked at the plant — known as Wylfa, after the bluff — before retiring in the 1990s, called it “a godsend.”“It kept people here,” he said. “It produced a lot of engineers.”Gwen Parry-Jones worked there beginning in 1989. Since April, she has been Horizon’s executive director and is steering the negotiations with the government. For the previous decade, she was an executive at EDF Energy, a French-owned utility that has taken over much of Britain’s nuclear system.“I benefited from having a nuclear power station effectively on my doorstep as a young scientist,” she said. “I strongly feel that we are benefiting from the fact that there is an existing nuclear power station here.”The need for jobs is obvious. The Wylfa plant still employs some technicians to remove fuel rods, but a local chemical plant closed in 2004 and an aluminum smelter closed in 2009. Britain’s plan to leave the European Union this year could hurt another key employer, the port at Holyhead, a hub for trade with Ireland, an E.U. member.“We find ourselves in a position where we need that one big project,” said Edward T. Jones, a local cattle farmer who also lectures on economics at Bangor Business School in North Wales.Some local leaders also see the plant as a vehicle for preserving the island’s character.“We still have got the Welsh language, and it’s quite a strong part of our community,” said Llinos Medi, the leader of the island’s governing council. “With work we can keep our young people and our culture and our Welsh language.”But some residents believe the plant could damage the island’s rural charm and hurt tourism. A walk along the pebble beach at Cemlyn Bay, a wildlife sanctuary next to the construction site, suggests why.The old Wylfa plant sits at the beach’s eastern end. Because the new one will be far larger, much of the surrounding landscape must be reshaped to accommodate it. The North Wales Wildlife Trust has been asking that fragile wildlife populations — thousands of terns nest here every summer — be taken into consideration.“It is going to completely spoil the area,” said Simon Walker, a retired businessman who was on the shore with his wife, Susan, watching his four dogs splash in the water.Last month, in a nod to environmental concerns, the Welsh government said it would review the site preparations. Horizon said it disagreed with the move, which could result in delays.Whether the plant proceeds will probably come down to how it will be paid for.A key yardstick is the Hinkley Point facility in southwest England. The government is financing that plant’s £20 billion cost through a so-called contract for difference, an arrangement that guarantees developers of big energy projects a long-term base rate for the power they produce. If the price of electricity falls below that rate, customers pay higher bills to make up the difference.At Hinkley Point, the British government guaranteed the owners an inflation-indexed price of £92.50 per megawatt-hour for 35 years. That is about 50 percent higher than current energy rates. Not surprisingly, the government has been criticized for potentially saddling consumers with expensive electricity for decades.With Horizon, the British government is pushing for a rate up to 30 percent lower than what it agreed to for Hinkley Point. Mr. Hawthorne of Horizon said he anticipated the Wales plant could provide power at “a significant price reduction” compared with Hinkley Point.The question is whether a British government consumed with the process of leaving the European Union is prepared to move quickly on the Anglesey Island project — and how pivotal it believes the plant is to its climate change promises.LOS ANGELES — Pacific Gas and Electric’s bankruptcy filing on Tuesday, to deal with billions of dollars in wildfire liability, set off a scramble by the company, investors and elected leaders in California to protect themselves and influence what happens next.The corporate reorganization is shaping up to be one of the most complicated and difficult in recent years. In addition to traditional legal tussles between the company and its creditors and suppliers, the bankruptcy court will contend with demands by California officials and victims to force PG&E to pay damage claims estimated at tens of billions of dollars for wildfires started by its equipment. State leaders and residents are also likely to seek to thwart any effort by the utility to raise electricity rates.Coming up with a bankruptcy plan for PG&E, which is California’s largest utility and serves 16 million people, will amount to solving an intricate puzzle. Proposals to raise rates to pay creditors will inflame residents and lawmakers. And seeking to reduce what the utility pays for solar power could hurt renewable-energy companies and jeopardize California’s climate-change goals.“This is a real mess,” said Dan Reicher, an assistant energy secretary in the Clinton administration. “It comes down to lots of needs: Take care of the fire victims, keep the lights on, ensure progress on climate change and protect ratepayers. That’s at least a partial list.”Even before the company made its filing in United States Bankruptcy Court in San Francisco, various groups were sniping at one another. Shareholders accused the company of rushing into bankruptcy. And consumer groups said the State Legislature was bailing out utilities by letting PG&E and other companies raise electricity rates, already among the highest in the country, to pay for some wildfire liabilities.PG&E said this month that bankruptcy was its “only viable option.” In its filing, the company said it had $51.7 billion in debt and $71.4 billion in assets as of Sept. 30. Its liabilities will most likely be revised up significantly as state investigators establish the cause of deadly wildfires in the last two months of 2018.This is the utility’s second bankruptcy in less than 20 years. It sought bankruptcy protection in 2001 after a botched state deregulation of the electricity industry.Investors and state officials tried to persuade the company’s board to change its bankruptcy plans in recent days by offering alternatives. Some of them hoped a state finding last week that PG&E did not cause the Tubbs Fire, which tore through Sonoma County in 2017 and was the second-worst fire in California history, had reduced the utility’s liabilities enough to make bankruptcy unnecessary.But PG&E still faces liability claims for 17 of 21 major wildfires in 2017. And its equipment is under investigation in several 2018 wildfires, including the Camp Fire, which killed at least 86 people and destroyed thousands of properties.By the start of this week, many investors and state officials appeared resigned to the company’s filing. The California Public Utilities Commission held an emergency meeting Monday to approve PG&E’s plan to borrow $5.5 billion to finance itself over the next two years while it is in bankruptcy.California’s lawmakers thought they had taken care of PG&E’s wildfire liabilities last year when they passed legislation that allows the utility to raise rates to pay damage claims from the 2017 wildfires. After the November fires, lawmakers were considering expanding that legislation to cover 2018.But they abandoned that proposal two weeks ago when the utility announced that it would seek bankruptcy protection.Assemblyman Chris Holden, chairman of the Utilities and Energy Committee, said Tuesday that he was drafting a bill to direct the California Public Utilities Commission to press PG&E to fully compensate wildfire victims. The legislation would also direct the commission to resist efforts by the utility to raise electricity rates. Mr. Holden, a Democrat from Pasadena, said he hoped it would pass before the company submitted its restructuring plan in court.Assemblyman Marc Levine, a Democrat from Northern California, said the Legislature ought to revise or revoke parts of the 2018 law, a step that could increase losses for PG&E’s creditors and suppliers.“In the longer run, the Legislature and the administration have an obligation to ensure that the company’s ratepayers and fire victims are prioritized over shareholders,” Mr. Levine said.Lawmakers who have long been critical of PG&E, including State Senator Jerry Hill, a Democrat from San Francisco, are pushing for even farther-reaching changes. Some of them want PG&E’s gas and electric divisions separated or would like to break up the utility into smaller businesses with a smaller geographic footprint.“PG&E’s bankruptcy filing is just another example of them looking out for their own interests,” Mr. Hill said.The utilities commission is also considering proposals that would break up PG&E or turn it into a government-run operation.But those ideas would face stiff opposition, not least from International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 1245, a union that represents 12,000 PG&E employees.“Parceling out the utility into smaller, weaker segments would unquestionably have a negative impact on the safety and stability of both gas and electric service, it would increase costs, and it would decelerate progress toward California’s ambitious clean energy goals,” Tom Dalzell, the union’s business manager, said in a statement.The company said it was committed to improving its safety record.“To be clear, we have heard the calls for change, and we are determined to take action throughout this process to build the energy system our customers want and deserve,” John R. Simon, interim chief executive of PG&E Corporation, said in a statement. He declined an interview request on Tuesday.Balancing the interests of residents, wildfire victims, labor unions and the company rests largely on the shoulders of Gov. Gavin Newsom, a Democrat who has been in office for less than a month.Mr. Newsom has, so far, offered few concrete proposals or ideas for how to reform PG&E and reduce the risk of wildfires.“My administration will continue working to ensure that Californians have access to safe, reliable and affordable service; that victims and employees are treated fairly; and that California continues to make forward progress on our climate change goals,” Mr. Newsom said in a statement on Tuesday.The new governor is under growing pressure from residents and investors to act.At a hearing before the utilities commission on Monday, residents held signs that read “No PG&E Bailout” and shouted, “Stop this now!”BlueMountain Capital Management, one of PG&E’s major investors, said the bankruptcy filing was “reckless and irresponsible” and called for replacing the company’s board of directors.“Today’s filing is the latest example of how the board continues to fail the company, wildfire victims, customers, employees, creditors, shareholders and the people of California,” the firm said in the statement. “We urge all stakeholders to support change at PG&E and will be proposing a new slate of highly qualified and impartial directors.”Mr. Reicher, the former energy official, said local, state and federal government officials needed to work together to come up with plans to address the problems at PG&E and to prevent wildfires this year.“This is a real unfortunate civics lesson in a situation like this,” said Mr. Reicher, a research fellow at the Steyer-Taylor Center for Energy Policy and Finance at Stanford. “There’s just so much at stake.”Welcome to the Smarter Living newsletter! Every Monday, we email readers with tips and advice for living a better, more fulfilling life. Sign up here to get it in your inbox.Caring for the planet is one of those things that can seem out of our reach.The problems are too big and complex to wrap our heads around. There aren’t any practical steps we can take in our everyday lives. And there’s nothing we can really do to help anyway. Right?Nope.Every week, The New York Times’s Climate and Environment team publishes a newsletter called Climate Fwd:, which gives you stories and insights about climate change, along with tips on what you can do. In that spirit, we’re partnering with them this week to pull advice from a recurring featuring in their newsletter: One thing you can do. Below are eight things that you — yes, you, the person reading this — can do to care for the planet. (And, of course, click here to subscribe to the Climate Fwd: newsletter.)Hang on to your smartphoneThe little computer you carry with you requires a lot of energy to assemble. The production of an iPhone 6, for example, released the equivalent of 178 pounds of carbon dioxide, or about as much as burning nine gallons of gas, according to a 2015 study. Instead of buying a new phone, try to keep yours in working condition for as long as possible (here’s some advice on how to extend its life). But if you must get rid of yours, recycle it or consider buying a used one.Leave leaves Leaves provide shelter for worms, moths and some butterflies, which then become prey for neighborhood birds. They also help nourish and fertilize soil, and you won’t burn fossil fuels by using a lawn mower or leaf blower. Use a dishwasher, not the sinkDishwashers have improved over the years: Average models certified by the government’s Energy Star program use 3.5 gallons or less per cycle. Compare that with an efficient kitchen faucet, which pours 1.5 gallons of water per minute, meaning that handwashing for four minutes nearly doubles the water use of a dishwasher. If you don’t have the luxury of owning a dishwasher, try to do the two-bucket method: “When washing dishes by hand, don’t let the water run. Fill one basin with wash water and the other with rinse water.”Buy fewer clothes Manufacturers use water and chemicals to dye and finish cotton clothes. Polyesters and nylons aren’t biodegradable. In this age of fast fashion, it’s best to wear your clothes for a long, long time. (Buying secondhand helps, too.)[Like what you’re reading? Sign up here for the Smarter Living newsletter to get stories like this (and much more!) delivered straight to your inbox every Monday morning.]Consider your online order, from click to carrierWhen you’re shopping online, try to buy in bulk to reduce multiple deliveries, which can help cut carbon emissions from delivery trucks. Research your items to avoid having to return them, and always recycle the boxes.Divest from fossil fuelDo your retirement funds or other investments include fossil-fuel companies? Divesting has become common in union, city and state pension funds. In a 2018 report published by Arabella Advisors, a philanthropy services firm, 61 pension funds have committed to divestment since 2016, bringing the total to 144. Consider adjusting your retirement fund, and ask if your 401(k) can be fossil-fuel free.Be mindful of your food waste A massive amount of energy goes into producing the food we eat, especially meat and dairy. For example, the production of a single hamburger uses the same amount of water as a 90-minute shower. And about 40 percent of food in the United States is thrown away. To limit food waste when you’re hosting a get-together, use this “Guest-imator” to calculate the amount of groceries you’ll need. Also check out the “Waste-Free Kitchen Handbook” for more help on reducing food waste.Tune your heating systemMost American homes are heated by furnaces or boilers, according to the Energy Department, and poorly maintained systems can burn more oil or natural gas than is necessary. Hire a technician to inspect yours to make sure it’s running efficiently and to cut down on indoor particulate matter. And if you have a boiler system that uses radiators, consider installing an outdoor reset control, which modulates the radiator’s water temperature based on the temperature outside. All of this can even result in direct savings for you: These small actions can knock down a heating bill by up to 10 percent. Best of Smarter Living Watch Out. Tax Season Is Even More Stressful Than Usual. With millions of people filing tax returns under a new tax law and after a long government shutdown, this is a challenging year. We offer survival tips and extensive coverage.How Many Push-Ups Can You Do? It May Be a Good Predictor of Heart Health. Men who could get through 40 or more push-ups had 96 percent less risk of heart problems in the next 10 years than those who quit at 10 or fewer.9 Ways to Cut Down on Plastic. It’s all about reducing single-use plastics.There Are No Towels? The Renter’s Lament. One of the most frustrating aspects of renting a vacation home online — perhaps second only to a rental not resembling its photos or description — is what is missing.The Good-Enough Life. The desire for greatness can be an obstacle to our own potential.6 Things to Bring to an All-Inclusive Resort. Along with your usual beach vacation gear, you’ll want to pack some unexpected extras when you’re heading to an all-inclusive resort.Tip of the WeekThis week I’ve invited friend of S.L. Kara Cutruzzula, who writes my favorite daily newsletter, Brass Ring Daily, to tell us when throwing money at a problem is the right move.Call the neurologists, I’ve figured out the impossible: I’m buying back brain space.This year, my goal is to streamline my life and habits. The first step is eliminating minor tasks and actions that suck up time, energy and gray matter. My solution? Throwing money — small amounts, mind you — at problems.And no, this isn’t just a cop-out to doing work: A 2017 study found that “spending money to save time may reduce stress about the limited time in the day, thereby improving happiness.”Here’s my strategy.Buy common items in bulkI’m done pretending that certain items I use every day will never run out (as all logic and experience would suggest). After realizing “go to Target” was playing on a loop in my mind, I resolved to spend less time and mental energy running errands for basic essentials. So I ordered embarrassingly large quantities online and got them delivered instead. Now I have enough toilet paper, paper towels, tampons, oatmeal and coffee to carry me through to 2020.Buy doublesWhat do you use — or carry around — every day? I was transporting a wireless mouse to work for months before realizing they cost $10 and that buying two would allow me to stop thinking about it altogether. Purchasing multiple phone chargers also comes with minimal cost but maximum benefit. You can stop borrowing your colleague’s and never worry about hovering at 12 percent again.Buy helpWhether you hire someone to clean your home or install your new 4K TV, the point is this: Paying someone to perform tasks that are always on your mind will get them done more quickly (and regularly) than if you try to do them yourself. Then you can focus on literally anything else. Your brain will thank you.The actor and singer Tituss Burgess has appeared in many Broadway productions over his 14-year career, but he may be most famous as the scene-stealing Titus Andromedon in the television show “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.” The final episodes of the show, for which Mr. Burgess has received four Emmy nominations, began streaming last month on Netflix.Because he travels frequently for work, Mr. Burgess’s ideal vacation is a staycation. “I truly don’t like to go anywhere,” he says. “But sometimes I’ll seek out the newest hotel in New York, and my partner and I will have a staycation. You know, we just choose a new area, whether it’s downtown, South Street Seaport, the East Side, something like that. I suppose that counts as traveling because in New York getting anywhere takes a half an hour.”While he calls New York City his home, it’s only on these staycations that Mr. Burgess takes time to check out new restaurants and theater productions. “New York has everything to offer but when you live here and you’re dealing with the everyday -isms and eccentricities of the city, you may or may not have energy to take advantage of all the wonderful things that tourists take advantage of. Or you want to but are too exhausted by the time you’re done doing your day.”Mr. Burgess has a list of things that make a staycation perfect. “We’ll have the champagne already in the room before we check in so that we don’t have to do that when we get there,” he says. “We’ll probably run a bath, then our masseuse will be ready. It’s just quite literally less is more on our vacations: fancy bubbly, a massage, a Broadway show, food and lots of sleep.”When he flies for work, he packs light, with a focus on comfort to help assuage the stress of travel which, he says, brings out the worst in people. “I’m a very sensitive person so I absorb people’s energy very easily, and being in crowded spaces where the energy is so heightened and everything’s at fever pitch, it’s terribly overwhelming. So by the time I go to set to film, to then try and absorb another character’s energy, you can imagine I’m quite spent.”Here’s what he packs on every trip.Electric fan“This is a small desktop fan I got from Walgreens, would you believe. I’m always hot and even in the winter, we have the air-conditioner on. So when I go to hotels I have to request a fan be in the room, or else I can’t go to sleep. I have to have that white noise in the background, and that feeling of air blowing on my face. I will leave things that are perhaps more essential out of my carry-on just for the sake of bringing that fan.”Pond’s face cream“It’s my favorite facial cream. It accompanies my face mask, and it makes you look nice and moist and awake, after the puffiness has been held at bay because of that glorious cold eye mask.”Comfy clothes“I bring a pair of sweatpants that look classy enough to maybe go have a cocktail in, and are comfortable enough to sleep on the plane in. I’m a very light packer.”Noise-canceling headphones“Blocking out the world is very important to me. And I can brush up on Broadway show soundtracks I haven’t seen yet, so it puts me in a better frame of mind to withstand the perils and demands of airports. I don’t sing out loud, though; I know what’s my inside voice and what’s my outside voice. And I don’t want to draw attention to myself. But I certainly get in the spirit and I might accidentally do a jazz hand here and there.”Eye mask“I freeze it overnight and I live 10 minutes from LaGuardia, so it’s still cold. It’s so I’m not puffy when I get to set.”We have a new 52 Places traveler! Follow Sebastian Modak on Instagram, and discover more Travel coverage by following us on Twitter and Facebook. And if you sign up for our Travel Dispatch newsletter, each week you’ll receive tips on traveling smarter, stories on hot destinations and access to photos from all over the world.WASHINGTON — U.S. consumer prices increased by the most in more than a year in March, but underlying inflation remained benign against the backdrop of slowing domestic and global economic growth.The Labor Department said on Wednesday its Consumer Price Index rose 0.4 percent, boosted by increases in the costs of food, gasoline and rents. That was the biggest advance since January 2018 and followed a 0.2 percent gain in February.In the 12 months through March, the CPI increased 1.9 percent. The CPI gained 1.5 percent in February, which was the smallest rise since September 2016. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast the CPI climbing 0.3 percent in March and accelerating 1.8 percent year-on-year.Inflation has remained muted, with wage growth increasing moderately despite tightening labor market conditions. The tame inflation environment, together with slowing economic activity, support the Federal Reserve's decision last month to suspend its three-year campaign to raise interest rates.The U.S. central bank dropped projections for any rate hikes this year after increasing borrowing costs four times in 2018. Excluding the volatile food and energy components, the CPI nudged up 0.1 percent, matching February's gain. In the 12 months through March, the core CPI increased 2.0 percent, the smallest increase since February 2018. The core CPI rose 2.1 percent year-on-year in February. The Fed, which has a 2 percent inflation target, tracks a different measure, the core personal consumption expenditures (PCE) price index, for monetary policy.The core PCE price index increased 1.8 percent on a year-on-year basis in January after a rising 2.0 percent in December. It hit the Fed's 2 percent inflation target in March last year for the first time since April 2012.The February and March PCE price data will be released on April 29. The February data was delayed by a 35-day partial shutdown of the federal government that ended on Jan. 25.Energy prices jumped 3.5 percent in March, accounting for about 60 percent of the increase in the CPI last month, after gaining 0.4 percent in February. Gasoline prices surged 6.5 percent after rising 1.5 percent in February. Food prices gained 0.3 percent after accelerating 0.4 percent in February. Food consumed at home increased 0.4 percent. Consumers also paid more for rent. Owners' equivalent rent of primary residence, which is what a homeowner would pay to rent or receive from renting a home, increased 0.3 percent in March after a similar gain in February.Healthcare costs rebounded 0.3 percent after slipping 0.2 percent in February. Apparel prices fell 1.9 percent, the biggest drop since January 1949, after two straight monthly gains. There were decreases in the price of used motor vehicles and trucks, airline fares and motor vehicle insurance.The cost of new vehicles, however, rebounded 0.4 percent after declining 0.2 percent in February.  (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)ST PETERSBURG/LONDON, Russia — Royal Dutch Shell has decided to exit a Baltic liquefied natural gas (LNG) project led by Russian state gas major Gazprom on the Russian Baltic coast.The development comes as Western firms struggle to expand in Russia because of pressure from sanctions imposed by the United States, while for Gazprom it could mean limited access to Shell's technology as well as the need to fund the project without the help of the Anglo-Dutch major.Shell, which has a long history of energy cooperation with Russia, said earlier it was studying the possible implications of a recent decision by Gazprom to move towards the full integration of its Baltic LNG and gas processing plants."Following Gazprom's announcement on March 29 regarding the final development concept of Baltic LNG, we have decided to stop our involvement in this project," Cederic Cremers, Shell Russia's chairman, said in a statement."We have a number of other ongoing projects with Gazprom, including as part of the Strategic Alliance established between the two companies in 2015, which are not impacted by this decision," Cremers added.Gazprom declined to comment.Shell remains a shareholder in the Gazprom-led Sakhalin-2 plant, which produces LNG on the Russian Pacific island of Sakhalin. Shell has been struggling to increase output of the frozen gas at the project for a number of reasons.Its decision to leave the Baltic LNG project leaves open a question about the availability of technology needed for this project as Shell will not be providing it.Shell had developed a technology specifically for the Sakhalin Energy LNG plant, and in February said it had created a 50/50 venture with Gazprom that would use Shell's LNG know-how to develop Russia's own technology for supercooling gas.KEY TECHNOLOGY The venture was expected to effectively insulate Russia from any new U.S. sanctions on LNG, a sector in which key technology belongs to a handful of players - mainly global majors such as Shell, Exxon and Total.Russia, one of the world's biggest oil producers, has been under Western sanctions since 2014 due to its role in the Ukraine crisis.While the production of seaborne LNG is not directly affected by the sanctions, the sales and marketing of it, as well as foreign participation, have become more complicated due to the restrictions.Shell previously suspended some shale oil and gas projects due to the introduction of sanctions on Moscow.On March 29, Gazprom said in a statement that together with its partner RusGazDobycha it had made a decision on the final configuration of the project for a large-scale complex that would process ethane-containing gas and produce LNG in the Leningrad region. That statement did not mention Shell. Shell said on Wednesday that its representations and those of Gazprom had not discussed the Baltic LNG project at their meetings in the Hague on Tuesday and Wednesday. These were their regular annual meetings to discuss progress on projects which are part of the strategic alliance, Shell added. (Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin and Shadia Nasralla; Writing by Tom Balmforth and Polina Devitt; Editing by Kirsten Donovan and David Holmes)SINGAPORE — Oil prices rose to their highest level since Nov. 2018 on Monday, driven up by OPEC's ongoing supply cuts, U.S. sanctions against Iran and Venezuela and strong U.S. jobs data.International benchmark Brent futures were at $70.72 per barrel at 0225 GMT on Monday, up 38 cents, or 0.5 percent from their last close.U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude were up 37 cents, or 0.6 percent, at $63.45 per barrel.Brent and WTI both hit their highest levels since November last year at $70.76 and $63.48 per barrel, respectively, early on Monday."Brent prices increased more than 30 percent year-to-date as OPEC+ continued to cut supply for 4 months in a row and optimism over U.S.-China trade talks helped to buoy the demand outlook," U.S. bank J.P.Morgan said in a note released over the weekend.The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-affiliated allies like Russia, known as OPEC+, have pledged to withhold around 1.2 million barrels per day (bpd) of supply this year to prop up prices.Energy consultancy FGE said OPEC-led supply cuts meant "excess inventories are disappearing and the market looks healthy," adding that "the market is poised for prices to rise to $75 per barrel or higher" for Brent.Traders said strong U.S. jobs data from Friday also helped lift Asian markets early on Monday.Oil prices have further been driven up by U.S. sanctions against OPEC-members Iran and Venezuela."Sanctions can cut 500,000 bpd of Venezuelan exports. Add that to a cut in Iran waivers and prices can rise substantially," FGE said.There remain, however, some factors that could bring prices down later this year.Russia is a reluctant participant in its agreement with OPEC to withhold output, and Russian oil production may increase again if a deal with the producer club is not extended once it expires before July 1, Energy Minister Alexander Novak said on Friday.Russian oil output reached a record high of 556 million tonnes, or 11.16 million barrels per day (bpd), last year.In the United States, crude oil production reached a record 12.2 million bpd in late March.U.S. crude exports have also risen, breaking through 3 million bpd for the first time earlier this year."With the new Permian pipelines (from July), we can see a boost of 500,000 to 600,000 bpd in U.S. exports," FGE said.There also still remain concerns about the health of the global economy, especially should China and the United States fail to resolve their trade dispute soon."Global (trade) demand has weakened, and existing tariffs on Chinese goods shipments to the U.S. are providing an additional drag," credit rating agency Moody's said on Monday, although it added that Chinese monetary stimulus measures would likely support growth over 2019.Graphic: U.S. record crude output & exports (https://tmsnrt.rs/2ULQi5F) (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; editing by Richard Pullin)MOSCOW/LONDON — One of the key Russian officials to foster a supply pact with OPEC, Kirill Dmitriev, signalled on Monday that Russia wanted to raise oil output when it meets with OPEC in June because of improving market conditions and falling stockpiles.Dmitriev, head of Russian sovereign wealth fund RDIF, was the first Russian official to predict a deal with OPEC in 2016 and since then has become a key defender of the pact despite pressure from domestic oil firms to drop the agreement.Dmitriev, an envoy for Moscow in the Middle East in general and Saudi Arabia in particular, had in recent months said it was still too early to terminate output cuts, echoing the position of OPEC's de facto leader, Saudi Arabia.But in an apparent change of position, Dmitriev said on Monday supply cuts may not be required after June."It is quite possible that given the improving market situation and falling stocks, (OPEC and its allies) could decide in June this year to abandon supply cuts and subsequently increase output," Dmitriev told a conference in Moscow."This decision will not mean the end of the deal, but a confirmation that participants continue their coordinating efforts when it is important not only to cut but to increase output depending on market conditions," he told the conference.Speaking to reporters on Monday evening, Dmitriev added that it could be appropriate for Russia to increase output by 228,000 barrels per day, by which it had previously cut production, "and maybe even further"."It is possible that as part of the June (meeting) a decision may be taken, subject to market conditions at that time, that it is necessary to remove these reductions," he said.Dmitriev and energy minister Alexander Novak have come under increased pressure over the past year from firms such as Rosneft, whose boss Igor Sechin, a close ally of President Vladimir Putin, has said Russia should abandon output cuts.Sechin is arguing that Russia is losing market share to the United States, which is not participating in production cuts and has hence been boosting output to record levels of some 12 million barrels per day.Russia and Saudi Arabia produce around 11 million and 10 million barrels respectively, but could raise output fairly quickly if needed.In January, Dmitriev said Russia should not unleash an oil price war against the United States but rather stick with output cuts even at the cost of losing market share in the medium term.Saudi Energy Khalid al-Falih has also said it was important to extend oil cuts until the end of the year.But on Monday he said the market was moving towards balance and added that the picture would become clearer in May.Global oil markets have tightened despite booming U.S. production after Washington imposed new sanctions on Iran and Venezuela, reducing their output and exports and effectively grabbing their market share.OPEC and its allies had to cancel their meeting in April and will now convene on June 25-26 as officials said they needed to see first what new sanctions Washington will impose on Iran in early May. (Reporting by Dmitry Zhdannikov and Olesya Astakhova; additional reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin and Polina Devitt; Editing by Dale Hudson, David Holmes and Jan Harvey)It may be unpleasant to contemplate the ultimate fate of all the material from your own body that you flush down the pipes. But it’s time we talk about biosolids — the disinfected leftovers from the water treatment process.This sandy material contains nutrient-rich organic content that’s good for agriculture. But it also makes nice bricks, according to Abbas Mohajerani, a civil engineer at Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology University in Australia. He’s talking about the kind we use for building.“Biosolids bricks look the same, smell the same and have similar physical and mechanical properties as normal fired clay bricks,” he said.And as long as it’s done locally, he thinks that recycling stockpiles of leftover biosolids into bricks could save land and energy, and reduce carbon emissions.[Like the Science Times page on Facebook. | Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]Worldwide, humans produce vast quantities of biosolids. In a single day, New York City alone makes 1200 tons, or about 50 truckloads. And the amount of biosolids is growing as populations expand around the planet.The old solution was to dump them into the sea or a landfill. But more treatment plants and stricter regulations are prompting people to find clever ways to recycle the dried sludge. About 50 to 70 percent of it is now used, mostly to boost soil quality or fertilize crops. But the rest remains unused or stockpiled. In the United States, it’s estimated that nearly a third of the 7 to 8 million tons of biosolids produced each year still end up in landfills. As organic particles in the waste decompose, greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide escape and can contribute to global warming.And then there are bricks.The world makes trillions of them each year. The soil it takes to make them is enough to fill 1,000 holes, each as big as a soccer field and nearly as deep as The Empire State Building is tall. And it takes a lot of energy, too.Other researchers have tried mixing bricks with biosolids and other waste products. Dr. Mohajerani had experimented already with cigarette butts. So turning waste into a building material didn’t seem so far-fetched.Over the course of half a decade, he and a team of researchers collected biosolids from two wastewater treatment plants in Melbourne and mixed them with soil to make hybrid bricks of varying proportions. They fired them for 10 hours, at nearly 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit, and cooled them, then compared them in tests to normal bricks.The team’s findings, published earlier this month in the journal Buildings, ranked the biosolid bricks similar in quality to those currently on the market. And the researchers proposed that incorporating just 15 percent biosolids into all the bricks made around the world each year would eliminate all of our leftovers.Depending on the amount of biosolids used, how they were treated and how long they sat around, the biosolid bricks were safe, durable and in some ways energy efficient.Because organic material burns up when placed in a furnace, biosolid bricks require as little as half the energy to fire as normal bricks do (depending on how much organic material is in the bricks). The burned organic material also leaves behind spaces in the biosolid bricks, making them lighter, more porous and filled with gas. And because gases are poor thermal conductors, heat passes through biosolid bricks more slowly. That makes them better insulators, which could result in savings on heating and cooling costs, Dr. Mohajerani said.But the trade-off is strength. Although biosolid bricks met industry requirements, they were typically not as sturdy as regular bricks.In a related analysis of the potential production process, the research team determined that making bricks with biosolids would be better for the environment overall, even though biosolid bricks require more water and could produce other forms of pollution.To limit the carbon footprint and ensure sustainability, brick production ideally would take place close to treatment plants and biosolids stockpiles, said Dr. Mohajerani. “Otherwise, I don’t think it is likely on a large scale in the near future.”Want more Australia coverage and discussion? Join us in our Facebook group, sign up for the weekly Australia Letter and start your day with the Australian Morning Briefing.LONDON — Britain's Competition Markets Authority said on Monday it had cleared German utility RWE's purchase of rival E.ON's renewables business and nuclear electricity generation assets.Under the deal, RWE will take a 16.7 percent minority stake in E.ON."The CMA has decided, on the information currently available to it, not to refer the following merger to a Phase 2 investigation under the provisions of the Enterprise Act 2002," the CMA said in a statement.When a merger is referred for a Phase 2 investigation, the CMA has to decide whether the merger could result in a substantial decrease in competition.The CMA said more details of its decision will be posted on its website in due course.In February, RWE won antitrust approval from the European Commission for the deal, after it found the transaction would not raise competition concerns.On the deal's completion, RWE will become Europe's third-largest renewable energy provider behind Spain's Iberdrola and Italy's Enel.  (Reporting by Nina Chestney; Editing by Kirsten Donovan)Want climate news in your inbox? Sign up here for Climate Fwd:, our email newsletter.WASHINGTON — In a major legal blow to President Trump’s push to expand offshore oil and gas development, a federal judge ruled that an executive order by Mr. Trump that lifted an Obama-era ban on oil and gas drilling in the Arctic Ocean and parts of the North Atlantic coast was unlawful.The decision, by Judge Sharon L. Gleason of the United States District Court for the District of Alaska, concluded late Friday that President Barack Obama’s 2015 and 2016 withdrawal from drilling of about 120 million acres of Arctic Ocean and about 3.8 million acres in the Atlantic “will remain in full force and effect unless and until revoked by Congress.” She wrote that an April 2017 executive order by Mr. Trump revoking the drilling ban “is unlawful, as it exceeded the president’s authority.”The decision, which is expected to be appealed in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, immediately reinstates the drilling ban on most of the Arctic Ocean off the coast of Alaska, a pristine region home to endangered species including polar bears and bowhead whales where oil companies have long sought to drill. Along the Atlantic coast, it blocks drilling around a series of coral canyons that run from Norfolk, Va., to the Canadian border which are home to unique deepwater corals and rare fish species. In addition, Friday’s ruling by the judge, an Obama appointee, has broader implications for Mr. Trump’s effort to push drilling across the American coastline and on public lands.Specifically, the Arctic Ocean drilling case could give legal ammunition to opponents of Mr. Trump’s efforts to roll back protections for two million acres of national monuments created by Mr. Obama and President Bill Clinton.The case adds to a growing roster of legal losses for Mr. Trump’s efforts to undo Mr. Obama’s environmental legacy. Experts in environmental law estimate that the Trump administration has now lost about 40 environmental cases in federal courts.Most immediately, the decision will force the Interior Department to withdraw the waters of the Arctic Ocean from its forthcoming plan detailing where the federal government intends to lease federal waters to oil companies for offshore drilling. A draft of that plan published last year called for drilling off the entire United States coastline.The White House referred questions on the matter to the Interior Department, where a spokeswoman declined to comment.And although Friday’s court decision relates specifically to a law on offshore drilling, it could also hamstring Mr. Trump’s efforts to erase or reduce the creation of large protected areas of public lands by previous presidents.“The statutes and the Supreme Court have been silent on the authority of a president to modify or reduce a predecessor’s protections of these public lands, waters and monuments,” said Patrick Parenteau, a professor of environmental law at Vermont Law School. “But these decisions are showing that if a president wants to reverse a predecessor’s environmental policy, they have to give a cogent reason why. Just saying ‘energy dominance’ is not enough. Saying ‘I won the election’ is not enough.”Professor Parenteau predicted that the case was likely to reach the Supreme Court, though probably not for several years.Both Mr. Obama’s efforts to use his executive authority to ban drilling in the Arctic Ocean, and Mr. Trump’s efforts to undo that ban, are legally unprecedented.In using his executive authority to permanently ban drilling in most of the Arctic Ocean, Mr. Obama relied on an obscure provision of a 1953 law, the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, which governs how the executive branch uses federal waters for offshore energy exploration.The law includes a provision that lets presidents put those waters off limits to oil and gas drilling. Presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower, Richard M. Nixon and Mr. Clinton used the law to protect sections of the Atlantic, Pacific and Arctic Oceans, but those protections came with time limits, usually one to two decades.In late 2016, as he sought to legally cement environmental protections before Mr. Trump, then the president-elect, took office, Mr. Obama used what both supporters and critics called a creative and unusual interpretation of that law to set a permanent ban on drilling in most of the Arctic Ocean. Three months after taking office, Mr. Trump issued an executive order rescinding the ban. That made him the first president to seek to revoke a decision by his predecessor to use the law to protect federal waters.Environmental groups promptly sued the administration over the move. They welcomed Friday’s court decision.“Since coming into office, Trump has been on an one-man campaign to undo the work of his predecessor,” said Niel Lawrence, a lawyer with the Natural Resources Defense Council, who took part in the oral arguments in the Alaska case. “What this opinion confirms is that there are constitutional limits to that.”Erik Milito, a spokesman for the American Petroleum Institute, which lobbies for the oil industry and which joined the Trump administration’s case, said, “While we disagree with the decision, our nation still has a significant opportunity before us in the development of the next offshore leasing plan to truly embrace our nation’s energy potential and ensure American consumers and businesses continue to benefit from U.S. energy leadership.”Experts said that Judge Gleason’s decision could affect the legal outcome of Mr. Trump’s efforts to roll back certain protections created by his predecessors on public lands.Just as presidents have used the 1953 offshore-drilling law to protect federal waters, they have used a different law, the 1906 Antiquities Act, put in place by President Theodore Roosevelt, to designate and protect millions of acres of lands as permanent public monuments. Presidents throughout the past century have created such monuments. While at least two presidents have used their authority to shrink the size of monuments created by their predecessors, Mr. Trump has done so at a more drastic scale. In December 2017, Mr. Trump cut about two million acres from two national monuments in Utah: the Bears Ears monument, created by Mr. Obama, and the Grand Staircase-Escalante monument, created by Mr. Clinton. At the time it was the largest rollback of federal land protection in the nation’s history.Already, lawsuits on the issue are making their way through federal courts. Professor Parenteau and others predicted that Judge Gleason’s decision could possibly have a bearing on those cases. That is because, in the language of both laws, Congress gave the president the right to occasionally designate public lands and waters for protection. However, each of the laws is silent on whether a successor can reduce or revoke those protections.If Mr. Trump’s challengers win in court, the decision could affirm future presidents’ right to set bans of offshore drilling that could be undone only by Congress (as opposed to a later president) and similarly could set a precedent that presidential decisions to expand protections of public land could be revised or reversed only by Congress.If Mr. Trump prevails in court, future presidents could potentially use an executive order to shrink any of the dozens of monuments created by their predecessors or similarly revoke presidential decisions to protect federal waters.For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.Want climate news in your inbox? Sign up here for Climate Fwd:, our email newsletter.WASHINGTON — Liberal Democrats put flesh on their “Green New Deal” slogan on Thursday with a sweeping resolution intended to redefine the national debate on climate change by calling for the United States to eliminate additional emissions of carbon by 2030.The measure, drafted by freshman Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York and Senator Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts, is intended to answer the demand, by the party’s restive base, for a grand strategy that combats climate change, creates jobs and offers an affirmative response to the challenge to core party values posed by President Trump.The resolution has more breadth than detail and is so ambitious that Republicans greeted it with derision. Its legislative prospects are bleak in the foreseeable future; Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California has no plan to bring the resolution in its current form to the floor for a vote, according to a Democratic leadership aide with direct knowledge of her plans.But as a blueprint for liberal ambition, it was breathtaking. It includes a 10-year commitment to convert “100 percent of the power demand in the United States” to “clean, renewable and zero-emission energy sources,” to upgrade “all existing buildings” to meet energy efficiency requirements, and to expand high-speed rail so broadly that most air travel would be rendered obsolete.The initiative, introduced as nonbinding resolutions in the House and Senate, is tethered to an infrastructure program that its authors say could create millions of new “green jobs,” while guaranteeing health care, “a family-sustaining wage, adequate family and medical leave, paid vacations and retirement security” to every American.[A “Green New Deal” may be far from reality, but it’s a different story at the state level.]“Climate change and our environmental challenges are the biggest existential threats to our way of life,” Ms. Ocasio-Cortez said on Thursday. “We must be as ambitious and innovative in our solutions as possible.”Mr. Markey added, “We will save all of creation by engaging in massive job creation.”The resolution, modeled on Franklin D. Roosevelt’s New Deal in the 1930s, will not move in its current form, but some ideas could advance as part of more modest legislation to address the climate crisis. Ms. Ocasio-Cortez, the chief architect of the deal, is not part of a new special select committee on climate change. She and Ms. Pelosi’s office said that she had been offered a seat on the committee but that she declined it, an assertion confirmed by an aide to Ms. Pelosi.“Frankly, I haven’t seen it,” the speaker told reporters when asked about the Green New Deal proposal during her weekly media availability at the Capitol on Thursday. “But I do know it is enthusiastic, and we welcome all the enthusiasm that is out there.”Ms. Pelosi is likely mindful of her own past mistakes. A decade ago she pushed the last major climate change measure hard, an ambitious bill to cap emissions of climate-warming pollution, then allow industries to trade emissions credits on a pollution credit market. Through force of will, she got the cap-and-trade measure through the House, only to see it die in the Senate without a vote. The next year, Democrats were swept from power, in part because of that vote and the Republicans’ framing of it as a stealth tax hike.In that Congress, she had a Democratic Senate and a Democratic president, Barack Obama. This time, she has Mr. Trump, a president who calls climate change a hoax, and a Senate in the control of Mitch McConnell, a Republican majority leader from the coal state of Kentucky.But on Thursday, she was also intent on letting her critics on the left know about her own past efforts, adding that she had made climate change the “flagship issue” of her first speakership.Proponents of the Green New Deal insisted that Democrats were unified. Both Mr. Markey and Ms. Ocasio-Cortez praised Ms. Pelosi as a “leader” on climate change, and Ms. Ocasio-Cortez said she was not offended by Ms. Pelosi’s description of the Green New Deal in an interview with Politico on Wednesday as the “green dream, or whatever they call it.”“I think it is a green dream,” Ms. Ocasio-Cortez said. “I will not allow our caucus to be divided by whatever narrative.” Republicans seized on the proposal with relish, portraying the entire resolution as absurd.“The socialist Democrats are off to a great start with the roll out of their ridiculous Green New Deal today!” said Bob Salera, a spokesman for the National Republican Congressional Committee, the political arm of House Republicans, who called the idea “zany.”The Republican National Committee derided it as “a socialist wish list.”But Democratic candidates for the presidency did not shy away from it once details emerged. Senator Kamala Harris, Democrat of California, quickly sent out a fund-raising appeal, declaring: “For too long, we have been governed by lawmakers who are beholden to Big Oil and Big Coal. They have refused to act on climate change. So it’s on us to speak the truth, rooted in science fact, not science fiction.”Senators Kirsten Gillibrand, Democrat of New York; Cory Booker, Democrat of New Jersey; and Bernie Sanders, independent of Vermont, also co-sponsored the measure, which has early support from about 60 House and Senate Democrats.For all of the resolution’s audacity, Ms. Ocasio-Cortez and Mr. Markey also steered clear of several thorny issues, and there were even signs of concessions to moderate Democrats and Republicans interested in working on clean energy issues.For example, the resolution does not specify a date for eliminating planet-warming emissions, instead calling for the elimination of fossil fuels from major economic sectors “as much as technologically feasible.” It also avoids denouncing specific types of clean energy alternatives, specifically nuclear power, which in the past has come under fire from climate change activists despite being a zero-carbon form of energy. An early version of the resolution called for phasing out nuclear energy within a decade.The resolution also sidesteps any discussion of carbon capture and storage technology, which Green New Deal supporters had previously criticized on the grounds that it would enable the continued use of fossil fuels.Mr. Markey said the resolution is purposefully “silent on individual technologies.”Instead the resolution calls for generating all electricity through renewable sources like wind and solar within 10 years, eliminating greenhouse emissions in manufacturing and forestry “as much as is technologically feasible,” and re-engineering cars and trucks to end climate pollution.The measure also includes social justice goals not usually attached to antipollution plans, like eradicating poverty by creating high-paid jobs.But the resolution goes far beyond that, touching on themes that are animating a rising left but rarely reach the halls of Congress. It aims to “promote justice and equity by stopping current, preventing future and repairing historic oppression of indigenous peoples, communities of color, migrant communities, deindustrialized communities, depopulated rural communities, the poor, low-income workers, women, the elderly, the unhoused, people with disabilities and youth.”Mr. Markey, who co-sponsored the failed cap-and-trade measure with former Representative Henry A. Waxman of California, said he thought the public was far more ready than in 2009 to support climate change legislation. A decade ago, he said, fossil-fuel backed interest groups poured money into convincing the public that climate change was not real.“The green generation has risen up, and they are saying we want this issue solved,” Mr. Markey said. “We now have the troops, we now have the money, and we’re ready to fight.”For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.WASHINGTON — Members of Congress from both parties expressed immense frustration on Wednesday at big increases in insulin prices and vowed to work together on legislation to prevent more people from dying because they could not afford the lifesaving medicine.Representative Earl L. Carter, Republican of Georgia, said at the end of a three-hour hearing with pharmaceutical executives and middlemen, known as pharmacy benefit managers, “You’ve done something here today that we’ve been trying to do in Congress for years, and that is to create bipartisanship.”“This is going to end,” Mr. Carter, known as Buddy, said of the convoluted arrangements that drive up list prices of insulin and the out-of-pocket costs for many people with diabetes.The hearing was one of several indications that Congress was serious about trying to address the cries of distress from constituents unable to afford the medicines they need.Mr. Carter’s comments echoed statements by Representative Jan Schakowsky, Democrat of Illinois, who said that “on both sides of the aisle, there is a commitment” to end price gouging by insulin manufacturers.Insulin manufacturers said that prices were going up, in part, because they had made many improvements in insulin products, leading to better treatment and longer lives for people with diabetes.But Representative David B. McKinley, Republican of West Virginia, said he was baffled.“Innovation is supposed to drive the prices down, not up,” Mr. McKinley said.Congress heard from the three main producers of insulin — Eli Lilly and Company, Novo Nordisk and Sanofi — and from three middlemen that manage drug benefits for most Americans: CVS Health; Express Scripts, which was acquired last year by Cigna; and OptumRx, which is part of UnitedHealth Group, the nation’s largest health insurance company.The drug makers said they could not reduce list prices because it was not feasible to do so in “the system” as it now exists. In that system, they said, the middlemen and insurance companies demand discounts, rebates and other price concessions that are calculated as a percentage of the list price. And they provide the concessions to guarantee that their drugs will be covered.But, they said, many consumers, including people with high-deductible health insurance plans and people who are uninsured, do not receive the benefit of those discounts.The drug makers said that the net price they received for insulin — after discounts and rebates — was declining, even as the list prices were rising.“For example,” said Kathleen W. Tregoning, an executive vice president of Sanofi, “the average net price of Lantus, our most prescribed insulin, has declined by over 30 percent since 2012, while the average out-of-pocket burden for patients with commercial insurance and Medicare has increased by approximately 60 percent over the same period.”Michael B. Mason, a senior vice president of Lilly, said the company could not reduce the list prices of its insulin products.“No pharmaceutical manufacturer has lowered list price for a significant medication because it is too disruptive to the system and thus to people who rely on that medication,” he said in his written testimony.Under questioning by members of Congress, Mr. Mason said: “The current system is not working. We agree 100 percent.”Representative Diana DeGette, Democrat of Colorado, who presided over the hearing as the chairwoman of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, said, “The people who are suffering are the people who need insulin every second of every minute of every day or they will die.”Ms. DeGette, who has a 25-year-old daughter with diabetes and is a leader of the Congressional Caucus on Diabetes, said she saw a high likelihood of bipartisan agreement on legislation to address the problem. Lawmakers will work with drug companies and pharmacy benefit managers, she said.Although she represents a liberal Denver district, Ms. DeGette has a history of working with Republicans on health legislation like the 21st Century Cures Act, adopted in 2016 to speed the discovery of cures for killer diseases.The chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Representative Frank Pallone Jr., Democrat of New Jersey, told the witnesses that he believed in a competitive market built on private enterprise, but that many of his constituents were losing faith in it.“My constituents are disgusted,” Mr. Pallone said, adding, “What they tell me is: ‘Just set the price. You the Congress or some government agency should set the price, and that’s it.’”The drug companies generally endorsed a proposal by President Trump to outlaw payment of rebates unless they are passed on to consumers. The pharmacy benefit managers said premiums would go up if they no longer received rebate payments.On Tuesday, the House Ways and Means Committee voted unanimously to approve a bill that requires drug manufacturers to publicly justify large price increases for existing drugs and high prices for new products. Drug companies would, for example, have to report what they spent on research and development of such drugs, as well as the costs of manufacturing, marketing and advertising them.Also on Tuesday, the Senate Finance Committee held a hearing to investigate the business practices of pharmacy benefit managers.“The current system is so opaque that it’s easy to see why there are many questions about P.B.M.s’ motives and practices,” said Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and the chairman of the committee, referring to the managers.Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, said that drug manufacturers had performed a remarkable act of “political jujitsu,” shifting the blame for high drug prices to the middlemen.But Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the senior Democrat on the Finance Committee, said the middlemen had “raked in profits while drug prices have shot into the stratosphere.”“Whether pharmacy benefit managers bring any real value to taxpayers is a mystery,” Mr. Wyden said.To the Editor:Re “High School Doesn’t Have to Be Boring” (Sunday Review, March 31):Jal Mehta and Sarah Fine illuminate a simple yet sad truth about most American high schools. When we merely ask our students to be passive recipients of test-driven content, we should expect boredom as the dominant result. On the other hand, when young people are active participants in lively classrooms, where relevant content is brought to life by meaningful problem solving, their minds and bodies are alive with curiosity and creative energy. Peter SchmidtPhillipsburg, N.J.The writer is a retired high school teacher and principal.To the Editor:I taught math in high school for many years, and, yes, it can be tedious.But when chess club met on Wednesday afternoons or when I arranged for the math team to go to a competition on a Saturday, the enthusiasm of students and teachers was evident.The best part of these activities is that students are with people like themselves, and they have a sense of belonging. Seeing that made me happy.Paula ScalesAnderson, S.C.BEIJING — A Chinese court has ordered a media company to pay nearly $30,000 to a real estate developer after it published an article that suggested a flashy building in Beijing violated the ancient laws of feng shui and would bring misfortune to its occupants.The Chaoyang District People’s Court in Beijing ruled on Wednesday that the media company, Zhuhai Shengun Internet Technology, had damaged the reputation of the building’s developers, SOHO China, one of the largest real estate companies in China.SOHO China sued Zhuhai Shengun last fall after it published a critical blog post about the Wangjing SOHO, a trio of sleek towers in northeast Beijing designed by the renowned architect Zaha Hadid.The post, written by a feng shui expert, argued that the building had a “heart-piercing” and “noxious” energy that had led to the downfall of its tenants, including several promising technology start-ups.The decision by the Beijing court reflected a broader effort by President Xi Jinping to more strictly control independent media and to stop the spread of misinformation and “superstitious” viewpoints online.Feng shui, which literally translates in Chinese as “wind water,” refers to an ancient pseudoscientific practice of harmonizing individuals with the invisible forces in their surroundings.The case highlighted the importance of feng shui in the real estate business in China. Many people pay a premium for homes and offices designed to be in harmony with nature, and reports of bad feng shui can haunt new developments.SOHO China has said that the article, which was widely circulated online before it was deleted, adversely affected its ability to attract customers. Wangjing SOHO generates more than $66 million in rent each year, according to court documents.“We cannot accept the use of feudal superstition to slander this building,” Pan Shiyi, the chairman of SOHO China, wrote on Thursday on Weibo, a popular social media site.Zhuhai Shengun, which has since closed its blog on WeChat, a messaging app, could not be reached for comment. The company said in court filings that the blog post was meant to spread information about traditional culture, not to harm SOHO China.The post, using animations and satellite images, offered a detailed critique of the Wangjing SOHO, a vast mixed-use development in a high-tech area of Beijing that was completed in 2014.The article said the Wangjing SOHO resembled “pig kidneys,” an insult in Chinese, and it argued that the building’s location was ill suited to collect good energy, a central principle of feng shui. The post said that companies should reconsider occupying the building if they wanted a shot at success.“Many internet companies are not doing well in these bleak conditions,” the article said, providing a list of previous tenants that had gone out of business.On the Chinese internet, many people criticized SOHO China for bringing the case against Zhuhai Shengun, a relatively small media company. Others debated whether feng shui should be given so much weight in real estate decisions.Li Bing, an attorney with the Shanghai Junzhi law firm, said that the case showed the need to closely monitor independent media in China.“When you speak, there should be limits,” he said. “You need to consider that what you say might have an impact on society and the public’s perception.”Mr. Li said the influence of feng shui in Chinese society should not be underestimated.“We need to consider the reality,” he said. “Beliefs like feng shui do exist. You can’t turn a blind eye to it.”Hitachi said on Thursday that it was suspending work on a 15 billion pound, or $19.3 billion, nuclear power project in North Wales after failing to agree on financial terms with the British and Japanese governments.“The decision was made from the viewpoint of Hitachi’s economic rationality as a private enterprise,” the company, based in Japan, said.Ben Russell, a spokesman for Hitachi’s British venture, Horizon Nuclear Power, said that discussions with the governments would continue but that its staff, currently around 300 people, would be cut to “a minimal handful.”Hitachi will also stop planning work on a second project, in Oldbury, England. The company said it planned to take a write-off of 300 billion yen, or $2.75 billion, on the projects.The decision by Hitachi is a blow to the British government, which is betting heavily on nuclear installations to help meet the country’s electric power needs in the coming decades.The big question is whether Hitachi’s move will be a death knell for Britain’s campaign to build nuclear plants, which so far has resulted in only one project under construction.While there are signs that the government is rethinking its energy policy, it was willing to go a long way toward trying to keep Hitachi on board.In a statement to Parliament on Thursday, Greg Clark, the secretary of state for business and energy, said the government had been willing to consider providing one-third of the equity financing for the project and to take on all of the construction debt. When Hitachi continued to balk, Mr. Clark said, “I was not prepared to ask the taxpayer to take on a larger share.”The Hitachi plant would have been a big boost for the struggling local economy in North Wales, providing up to 850 permanent jobs.Anglesey Island, where the plant, called Wylfa Newydd, was to be built, will most likely feel the harshest impact. Llinos Medi, leader of the Anglesey Council, the local government authority on the island, said in a statement that she was concerned about the suspension’s “immediate impact on local men and women whose employment is at risk as a consequence of this suspension.”For Hitachi, though, the announcement could mark the end of a long and expensive saga. The company acquired the Horizon sites from two German utilities in 2012 for £697 million, or about $900 million, and wound up spending around £2 billion in total on design approvals, staff and other matters. It has been hiring apprentices, who have been training at a technical college on the island and going to Spain and Japan for work experience. At times in recent months more than 100 archaeologists were on the site, excavating and recording ancient structures that the construction would have destroyed.Hitachi hoped Britain would prove to be an international showcase for its reactor designs. Ultimately, the company lost patience with the high level of spending required to land such a project there.Hitachi had sought to arrive at a financial arrangement that would attract long-term investors like pension funds to the project and reduce its own exposure. But the offers of support from both the British and the Japanese sides were not enough.In an interview on Thursday, Duncan Hawthorne, Horizon’s chief executive, said the Wales site was very attractive and had a supportive community, but that alone, he added, is not enough to attract outside investment.Investors, Mr. Hawthorne said, were put off by the eight- to 10-year wait for a return, as well as the risks of cost overruns and other issues. With the project gaining momentum and spending rising, “it became too much for Hitachi to keep going,” he said.Mr. Hawthorne said Hitachi would prefer to return to Britain as a supplier rather than a developer taking on large upfront risks.In his statement, Mr. Clark said it was clear that the government needed to consider a new approach to financing large nuclear projects. He also said the government was considering supporting small nuclear reactors, including a consortium led by Rolls-Royce, the British jet engine maker.Hitachi’s stepping back from Britain leaves France’s state-controlled EDF Group and its Chinese partner, CGN, as the only companies pursuing nuclear power projects in the country. EDF, through a British subsidiary, owns Britain’s operating nuclear power plants; with CGN, it is building Britain’s first nuclear plant since the 1990s in southwest England at a cost of £20 billion. CGN wants to build a plant in eastern England.China now has by far the world’s largest nuclear building program, but it is largely domestic. CGN would like to use Britain as a steppingstone to an international nuclear business, though there is skepticism in Britain about relying on companies tied to Beijing for a strategically important service like electric power.The dwindling number of companies willing to make the huge investments required to develop nuclear plants also reflects the falling costs of renewable energy sources, like solar and offshore wind.“The economics of the energy market have changed significantly in recent years,” Mr. Clark said, with the cost of renewables trending downward and those for nuclear plants rising.Antony Froggatt, a nuclear analyst at Chatham House, a research organization, noted that nuclear energy was costly and controversial, and that having a foreign company like Hitachi build a plant in Britain was unlikely to contribute to building a British industry.“For all those reasons,” he said, “nuclear falls away.”Hitachi said on Thursday that it was suspending work on a 15 billion pound, or $19.3 billion, nuclear power project in North Wales after failing to agree on financial terms with the British and Japanese governments.“The decision was made from the viewpoint of Hitachi’s economic rationality as a private enterprise,” the company, based in Japan, said.Ben Russell, a spokesman for Hitachi’s British venture, Horizon Nuclear Power, said that discussions with the governments would continue but that its staff, currently around 300 people, would be cut to “a minimal handful.”Hitachi will also stop planning work on a second project, in Oldbury, England. The company said it planned to take a write-off of 300 billion yen, or $2.75 billion, on the projects.The decision by Hitachi is a blow to the British government, which is betting heavily on nuclear installations to help meet the country’s electric power needs in the coming decades.The big question is whether Hitachi’s move will be a death knell for Britain’s campaign to build nuclear plants, which so far has resulted in only one project under construction.While there are signs that the government is rethinking its energy policy, it was willing to go a long way toward trying to keep Hitachi on board.In a statement to Parliament on Thursday, Greg Clark, the secretary of state for business and energy, said the government had been willing to consider providing one-third of the equity financing for the project and to take on all of the construction debt. When Hitachi continued to balk, Mr. Clark said, “I was not prepared to ask the taxpayer to take on a larger share.”The Hitachi plant would have been a big boost for the struggling local economy in North Wales, providing up to 850 permanent jobs.Anglesey Island, where the plant, called Wylfa Newydd, was to be built, will most likely feel the harshest impact. Llinos Medi, leader of the Anglesey Council, the local government authority on the island, said in a statement that she was concerned about the suspension’s “immediate impact on local men and women whose employment is at risk as a consequence of this suspension.”For Hitachi, though, the announcement could mark the end of a long and expensive saga. The company acquired the Horizon sites from two German utilities in 2012 for £697 million, or about $900 million, and wound up spending around £2 billion in total on design approvals, staff and other matters. It has been hiring apprentices, who have been training at a technical college on the island and going to Spain and Japan for work experience. At times in recent months more than 100 archaeologists were on the site, excavating and recording ancient structures that the construction would have destroyed.Hitachi hoped Britain would prove to be an international showcase for its reactor designs. Ultimately, the company lost patience with the high level of spending required to land such a project there.Hitachi had sought to arrive at a financial arrangement that would attract long-term investors like pension funds to the project and reduce its own exposure. But the offers of support from both the British and the Japanese sides were not enough.In an interview on Thursday, Duncan Hawthorne, Horizon’s chief executive, said the Wales site was very attractive and had a supportive community, but that alone, he added, is not enough to attract outside investment.Investors, Mr. Hawthorne said, were put off by the eight- to 10-year wait for a return, as well as the risks of cost overruns and other issues. With the project gaining momentum and spending rising, “it became too much for Hitachi to keep going,” he said.Mr. Hawthorne said Hitachi would prefer to return to Britain as a supplier rather than a developer taking on large upfront risks.In his statement, Mr. Clark said it was clear that the government needed to consider a new approach to financing large nuclear projects. He also said the government was considering supporting small nuclear reactors, including a consortium led by Rolls-Royce, the British jet engine maker.Hitachi’s stepping back from Britain leaves France’s state-controlled EDF Group and its Chinese partner, CGN, as the only companies pursuing nuclear power projects in the country. EDF, through a British subsidiary, owns Britain’s operating nuclear power plants; with CGN, it is building Britain’s first nuclear plant since the 1990s in southwest England at a cost of £20 billion. CGN wants to build a plant in eastern England.China now has by far the world’s largest nuclear building program, but it is largely domestic. CGN would like to use Britain as a steppingstone to an international nuclear business, though there is skepticism in Britain about relying on companies tied to Beijing for a strategically important service like electric power.The dwindling number of companies willing to make the huge investments required to develop nuclear plants also reflects the falling costs of renewable energy sources, like solar and offshore wind.“The economics of the energy market have changed significantly in recent years,” Mr. Clark said, with the cost of renewables trending downward and those for nuclear plants rising.Antony Froggatt, a nuclear analyst at Chatham House, a research organization, noted that nuclear energy was costly and controversial, and that having a foreign company like Hitachi build a plant in Britain was unlikely to contribute to building a British industry.“For all those reasons,” he said, “nuclear falls away.”SANTA FE, N.M. — A renewed effort was launched Tuesday to halt federal leases for oil and natural gas development near a national park in New Mexico held sacred by Native Americans.Four members of New Mexico's all-Democratic congressional delegation introduced legislation to prohibit the expansion of mineral development on federal inholdings within a roughly 10-mile (16-kilometer) radius surrounding Chaco Culture National Historical Park.According to the delegation, federal mineral rights span about 500 square miles (1,300 square kilometers) within the proposed buffer zone — a checkboard of federal, state, tribal and private land.The park's ancient, astronomically aligned dwellings and roadways are an international attraction, and many Native American communities trace their ancestry and traditions to the area."This special place should not be under constant threat of destruction," Sen. Tom Udall said.Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and local tribal pueblo leaders joined lawmakers on a conference call to endorse the bill. Proposed restrictions on energy development would not apply to Native American or private holdings. Similar federal legislation was introduced in 2018.The bill's future remains uncertain in the GOP-controlled Senate. Sens. Udall and Martin Heinrich were asked whether they had spoken with Interior Secretary David Bernhardt, whose agency oversees the Bureau of Land Management and mineral exploration in the region."I believe the administration knows very well my position in terms of leasing within the 10-mile buffer, and I hope that they'll honor that," Udall said. Heinrich did not comment.A moratorium on new leases of state trust holdings in the Chaco area is being prepared by State Land Commissioner Stephanie Garcia Richard, who announced she will sign the measure April 23.Supporters of the federal legislation say they want to protect the sense of remoteness that comes with making the journey to Chaco. They are also concerned about the preservation of ancient stone structures and other features outside the national park's boundaries.Newly elected U.S. Rep. Debra Haaland, a tribal member of Laguna Pueblo, embraced the proposed drilling restrictions."Chaco Canyon was my ancestral homeland and remains a living landscape," she said on a group call with reporters. "It's a place where New Mexico families make memories, and families from all over the world make memories."Federal land managers repeatedly have deferred any interest by the oil and gas industry in parcels that fall within the buffer. Still, tribes and others are concerned that energy companies keep nominating parcels for possible inclusion in quarterly lease sales held by the Bureau of Land Management. They say a permanent buffer would prevent that.Michael Chavarria, vice chairman of a coalition of 20 pueblo governors, said concerns about preserving scattered Chaco cultural sites extend beyond the 10-mile buffer outlined in the proposed legislation.The bill also emphasizes the federal government's obligation to consult with tribes.The industry has said existing federal laws and policies require extensive environmental and cultural reviews before drilling can happen."If artifacts are found, oil and gas development doesn't happen there. It's that clear cut," said Robert McEntyre with the New Mexico Oil and Gas Association. "I think we lose sight of the fact that we have these processes built in, there's a boundary around artifacts that have been designated as culturally significant and we respect those boundaries."___Associated Press writer Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque contributed to this story.The president proposes and Congress disposes.So goes the standard description of the constitutional process by which our republic is governed. Judging from the news headlines, you might think this process has not been friendly lately to the scientific community. Again and again, the Trump administration has proposed drastic cuts to the research budgets of the Department of Energy, the National Science Foundation, NASA and other agencies.Quietly, however, Congress often has gone the other way and handed out increases. In February, the Congress passed, and President Trump finally signed, a spending bill for 2019, averting another government shutdown. Lost amid the collective sigh of relief and the hoopla about President Trump’s wall was the news that astronomers had won a key victory: A pair of cosmically ambitious telescopes were rescued from possible oblivion.One of them, the James Webb Space Telescope, NASA’s long-promised successor to the Hubble Space Telescope, was designed to peer deeper into space and time than any optical eyes before it, to study the earliest stars and galaxies of the cosmos. But as of last year, it was deep in the red.In the 1990s, the Webb telescope was expected to cost about $800 million. But the price kept growing, threatening to suck money from NASA’s other science programs. In 2011, Congress put a hard cap of $8 billion on its cost. Then an accident in 2018 at Northrop Grumman, the telescope’s main contractor, added another billion to the projected cost, putting the telescope or other NASA missions in danger of being trimmed or canceled.The other telescope, the Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope, or Wfirst, was designed to search for exoplanets, investigate the mysterious “dark energy” apparently speeding up the expansion of the cosmos and, perhaps, elucidate the fate of the universe. But Wfirst has always lived in the Webb telescope’s political and budgetary shadow.Each time Webb was delayed or over budget, the dark-energy mission was pushed further into the uncertain future. Many astronomers feared that the Webb’s most recent cost overrun would come at the expense of Wfirst. Indeed, last year in its 2019 budget proposal, the Trump administration recommended that Wfirst be canceled outright.But in the new spending bill, Congress raised the cap on Webb by $800 million, making the project whole again, for now. And Congress endorsed the Wfirst mission, with a cap of $3.2 billion on its cost. That will make things tight, since the estimated cost of the telescope recently rose to $3.6 billion. But it beats cancellation.“The bipartisan support in Congress has kept the mission alive,” said David Spergel, an astrophysicist at Princeton and the Flatiron Institute in Manhattan, and co-chairman of the Wfirst science team, said in an email.A similar theme runs through the last couple of years. “Over the past two budget cycles, Congress has indeed rejected the Trump administration’s proposed topline budget cuts to federal agencies that fund science,” said Mitch Ambrose of the American Institute of Physics, which tracks federal spending on research.Consider the final 2019 budget: Mr. Trump proposed a 5 percent cut in NASA’s space science, but Congress made it an 11 percent increase, to $6.9 billion. The president wanted to cut the National Science Foundation budget by 4 percent, but Congress raised it by the same amount, to $8.1 billion.The Geological Survey saw an even more sizable transformation. The administration proposed cutting its budget by $250 million, or about 21 percent. That would have slashed support for Climate Science Centers, which study the regional effects of climate change, and for research on carbon sequestration. Congress rejected those cuts, allotting the climate centers $25 million, only a shade less than in recent years. The Geological Survey as a whole received a one percent raise, to $1.2 billion.Even the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, with its politically sensitive mission to study climate and weather, received a 3 percent increase, worth $16 million, to its $566 million budget for science for 2019. The Trump administration had proposed a 41 percent cut — a potentially devastating blow to the agency. By comparison, the president’s border wall would cost about $5.7 billion.“Though this administration has regrettably chosen to ignore the findings of its own scientists in regards to climate change, we as lawmakers have a responsibility to protect the public’s interest,” Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson, a Democrat from Texas, said in a recent meeting of the House Science Committee, which she now heads.Lamar Alexander, the Republican chairman of the Senate’s Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies, expressed the same sentiment last spring in a statement to his committee.“Over the last three years, Congress has developed quite a consensus on science and research,” he said, noting in particular its agreement on medical research and supercomputing. “I would tell President Trump and the Office of Management and Budget that science, research and innovation is what made America first, and I recommend that he add science research and innovation to his ‘America First’ agenda.”Not all is rosy in the realms of science policy. Since 1997, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been discouraged from studying guns and violence by the so-called Dickey Amendment, which prohibits the C.D.C. from promoting gun control. Last year Congress affirmed that the C.D.C. could study the causes of gun violence, but provided no money for such research.In an email, Julie Eschelbach, spokeswoman for the agency said, “Although C.D.C. does not receive direct funding for firearm-related research, C.D.C. has and continues to support data collection activities and analyses to document the public health burden of firearm injuries in the U.S.”And 86 percent of Americans, a majority of both Democrats and Republicans, favor spending more money on science, according to a recent poll by Hart Research and Echelon Insights.Once upon a time — in Einstein’s day, for example — it might have been considered unseemly for scientists to step outside their laboratories and make their case to the public. Today, organizations such as the American Astronomical Society and the American Association for the Advancement of Science have programs that teach young scientists how to do just that.That work is unlikely ever to be finished. Mr. Trump on Monday began unveiling his 2020 budget, and the cycle of cuts, cancellation and rescue may repeat itself again. Indeed, his new budget proposes to cancel Wfirst as well as a pair of missions devoted to studying Earth’s climate, atmosphere and oceans.“Scientists are going to have to work hard to make new friends in Congress,” wrote Matt Mountain, former director of the Space Telescope Science Institute, which runs the Hubble and will run the Webb telescope, and president of the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, in an email.More practice in the art of the possible, Dr. Mountain said, “more stuff they never taught us at graduate school.”Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device: Via Apple Podcasts | Via RadioPublic | Via StitcherWhether tending to aging parents or friends battling illness, caretakers repeatedly give their time and energy to others. But at what cost to themselves? On this week’s Modern Love podcast, the actress Nazanin Boniadi reads “A Sister’s Comfort, if Not a Cure,” an essay that explores the limits of care.Its author, Tara Ebrahimi, is the nonfiction editor of the Pacifica Literary Review. Her writing focuses on mental illness, family and Persian heritage.Ms. Boniadi played the C.I.A. analyst Fara Sherazi on “Homeland.” She appears in the thriller “Hotel Mumbai,” in theaters now. Stay tuned after the reading to hear more from her, Ms. Ebrahimi and the Modern Love editor Daniel Jones.To read past Modern Love columns, click here. Continue following our fashion and lifestyle coverage on Facebook (Styles and Modern Love), Twitter (Styles, Fashion and Weddings) and Instagram.For those of us who have resolved to stand more and sit less in the coming year, a new study might temper some of our expectations of the benefits.It finds that people burn more calories when they stand than when sitting or lying down, but the increase is smaller than many of us might hope. For those of us who overindulged and slacked off on our exercise regimens over the holidays, it also means that being upright is unlikely to help us lose weight.But it does not mean we should take this news lying or sitting down, the study’s authors caution, because frequent standing is likely to have other, substantial health impacts.By now, almost everyone has heard about, dabbled with or rolled their eyes at the phenomenon of standing desks. Many of us also wear fitness trackers that nag us every hour or so to get up and move.Science generally supports this rising interest in not sitting. Studies in animals and people show that long hours of stillness change the body’s physiology in multiple unhealthy ways, including reducing blood flow to the legs and brain; worsening the health of blood vessels; and lowering the production of substances that help to control cholesterol and blood sugar.In consequence, being sedentary can increase our risks for diabetes, heart disease and premature death.Lots of sitting also is linked with heightened odds of obesity and, for many of us, it is this association that is most worrying and most likely to prompt us to stand.And, again, past studies have been encouraging, with most indicating that we should expend hundreds of additional calories when we stand often rather than sit.But many of these experiments have involved somewhat exaggerated behaviors, such as absolute stillness while people sat, with no wriggling or fidgeting, and walking about or performing chores during the upright portions.Scientists at the University of Bath in England and Westmont College in California suspected that these methods wound up inflating the spread in energy expenditure between being sedentary and upright.So for the new study, which was published in November in Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise, they decided to ask people to sit and stand more naturally and to closely monitor how many calories they burned in the process. They began by recruiting 46 men and women whose weight was normal. Ten were Californians; the rest British. The researchers asked these volunteers about their health and exercise habits and then determined their average daily energy expenditure by fitting them with masks that measured their metabolic rate.They then had each of the volunteers lie down, sit or stand for 20 minutes at a time, on separate lab visits, while wearing the masks. To stave off boredom, the volunteers watched a soothing BBC nature documentary during each session.They also were allowed to bounce, wiggle, bobble or otherwise fidget as much or little as they wished during the sessions. They were asked, though, to remain in place while upright, as someone would if working at a standing desk.Then the researchers compared the number of calories they had burned in each posture.The differences were noticeable. But they also were small. As a group, the volunteers burned about 3 percent more calories when sitting compared to lying down and about 12 percent more standing compared to sitting.In more practical terms, the researchers estimate that, based on their metabolic findings, most people could expect to burn about 9 additional calories if they stood for an hour instead of sitting and, if they doubled that standing time to two hours a day, would burn about 130 extra calories over the course of a week.Realistically, those totals “would not result in sufficient energy deficit to drive a worthwhile rate of weight loss,” says James Betts, a professor of health research at the University of Bath, who led the study.But there are caveats to that discouraging conclusion. Perhaps most interesting, some people burned more calories than others while seated and standing, because they fidgeted so much. Those people also tended to report exercising regularly.It’s possible, Dr. Betts says, that “people who are physically fitter and more active may have a greater propensity to fidget.”It’s also possible that people who do not naturally fidget might slightly ramp up their energy expenditure during sitting and standing if they wriggle, jounce and ignore remonstrations from their spouses and co-workers to just stay still.More important, Dr. Betts says, “while standing does not represent an effective weight-loss strategy,” it might help some people to avoid adding weight. That’s because even small energy surpluses — consuming a few more calories each day than you expend — can contribute to long-term weight gain and obesity.HELSINKI, Finland — When they really wanted to rile up conservative voters this spring, the politicians from Finland’s nationalist party made a beeline for the rawest subject in this year’s general election.No, not immigration. Climate.As Finland’s other parties competed with each other to offer ambitious climate goals ahead of Sunday’s general election, the Finns Party has seized on climate as a new front in the culture wars, warning its conservative, working-class supporters that they are being betrayed by urban elites.Aggressive environmental measures will “take the sausage from the mouths of laborers,” warned a Finns Party politician, Matti Putkonen, in a recent televised debate. And, more important, from dogs and cats, whose food, he said, would increase in price by 20 to 40 percent.“What are you going to say to the little girl or boy who cries when Mom and Dad say that they can’t afford it any longer?” he said. “And take the lovable pet to be put down?”If that was not enough, he suggested contemptuously that, if the liberals got their way, dogs and cats would have to accept vegan substitutes for meat.“How long do you think,” he asked, “will it take for dogs, that is, Musti and Mirri, to learn how to switch to pulled oats?”The anti-climate language, coupled with the party’s longstanding anti-immigrant line, has paid off. The Finns Party, which polled at just 8.1 percent last November, has risen in recent weeks to be the second most-popular party among prospective voters, with 16.3 percent support. According to Taloustutkimus, a market research firm, much of the surge has come from voters who did not take part in previous elections.Finland’s general election has broken a well-established pattern in northern Europe, where one political cycle after another has been powerfully defined by the issue of immigration. In December, the Finnish authorities announced a series of cases involving accusations of sexual abuse and rape of girls by male asylum seekers and refugees, but it still did not become a central election issue.Instead, much of the debate has been dominated by climate, with nearly every major party proposing its own plan to keep global warming to 1.5 degrees. The proposals have been wide-ranging and, in some cases, aggressive, like an eco-tax on meat and airfare and restrictions on logging. But this pivot did not marginalize the Finns Party, whose leaders discovered they could mobilize their electorate by casting climate policy as an elite agenda that would hurt ordinary people.Some analysts, watching the Finns Party’s rise, have suggested that emphasizing climate has actually helped the right wing.“Well-meaning people wanted to make these elections climate elections, but they only set the table for an election victory for the Finns Party,” wrote Saska Saarikoski, a political columnist for Helsingin Sanomat, on Twitter. “Could we learn something from this?”Already, many of Europe’s right-wing parties and movements have adopted similar emotional assaults on climate policy. It was a carbon tax, increasing the cost of fuel, that ignited France’s violent Yellow Vest protests. Germany’s far-right party, Alternative for Germany, has pushed back heavily against the science behind clean-air policy, which it has derided as “particulate matter hysteria.”The lines clearly find an echo in Republican attacks on Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and the Green New Deal in the United States, which portray liberal Democrats as Stalinists taking away people’s pickup trucks and hamburgers.“No planes! No energy!” President Trump said in a speech to the Conservative Political Action Conference in February. “When the wind stops blowing, that’s the end of your electric. ‘Darling, is the wind blowing today? I’d like to watch television, darling.’”Stella Schaller, who has studied populist parties and their approach to energy policy, said climate may well become “a new line of conflict in European society, when topics like migration lose their explosiveness and tension.” The rhetoric serves to undermine trust in government and international institutions, she said.“They use identity-laden frames, such as national independence, the homeland, our nature and environment,” said Ms. Schaller, a project manager at Adelphi, a climate think tank based in Berlin. “They make it an emotional issue by fueling fears of rising energy prices and higher consumer costs. The way they communicate about this is dramatic and personal.”With right-wing parties now holding 151 of the European Parliament’s 751 seats, and likely to increase their share in May elections, opposition to climate policy could become more mainstream.“The danger is that the mainstream discourse shifts toward more simplistic, nationalistic language, and that centrist parties adopt populist frames,” Ms. Schaller said.Finland’s case is instructive. With its energy-intensive paper and steel export industries, Finland has not traditionally been at the vanguard of environmental policy, said Tuomas Yla-Anttila, a lecturer in political science at the University of Helsinki.But political discourse was jolted, last fall, by the release of the a landmark report by the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, warning that without profound reform, a warming climate could lead to food shortages, wildfires and a die-off of coral reefs much sooner than previously thought.Young people in Finland were also powerfully affected by climate protests led by a Swedish teenager, Greta Thunberg, and journalists quickly began casting the upcoming election as Finland’s first “climate election.” The range of policy became clear in the first televised debates, where nine parties were represented. Eight of them eagerly offered their plans to keep global warming to 1.5 degrees.And then there was Jussi Halla-aho, the chairman of the Finns Party, in vigorous, passionate dissent. His position is not to deny climate change, but to deny that Finland is obliged to make sacrifices to combat it.“Climate hysteria wrecks the Finnish economy and industry, and it destroys the fruits of decades of work by citizens,” he said in a recent video blog on the subject, which went on to warn of “massive” fuel tax increases, “dramatic” tax increases on old vehicles, cessation of flights to Lapland and “overly ambitious” national goals that will “raise transport and heating costs to unbearable levels.”“There has to be a limit to climate hysteria,” he continued. “Vote to get Finland back.”Other Finns Party candidates have offered over-the-top variations on this message: “If every Finn shot himself, it would do nothing to stop climate change” (Juho Eerola, the party’s deputy chair); and “If Finns stopped driving cars, it would delay global Armageddon by one minute” (Kristian Laakso a candidate in the southeast district of Kaakkois-Suomi).With this line of argument, the Finns Party has been able to attract working-class males — eight in 10 of its voters are men — from the Social Democratic Party, the country’s traditional left-wing party. David Arter, a political scientist who has followed the party closely, said the Finns Party has “sought to exploit its ostracized status for electoral gain,” and the mainstream emphasis on climate change, an issue that does not resonate with male traditionalists, has played into its hands.This argument only resonates with a small part of the electorate, Mr. Yla-Anttila said, but could still have a significant effect. With nine parties currently represented in Parliament, the most popular party will get only around 20 percent of the vote, and a swing of 1 to 2 percentage points could propel the Finns Party into second place.Candidates for other parties said that a false narrative had taken hold. “There’s been a vast amount of disinformation in these elections,” said Anita Hellman, who was canvassing for the first time as a Social Democrat. The Finns Party, she said, had spread misconceptions about her party’s climate proposals, leading voters to believe that “the Social Democrats will come and rip your car out of your front yard.”Daniel Sazonov, who is running as a member of the National Coalition Party, said he has been taken aback by voters’ strong feelings about climate policy, which he said extended far past the younger group generally associated with climate action. And that much being said, on both sides of the argument, was, as he put it, “extreme.”“Climate,” he said, “is as polarizing among voters as immigration.”WASHINGTON — Facing a showdown vote as early as this month over the embattled “Green New Deal,” Senate Democrats are preparing a counteroffensive to make combating climate change a central issue of their 2020 campaigns — a striking shift on an issue they have shied away from for the past decade.Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, outlined the new strategy in an interview last week, casting it as a way to mobilize millennial voters, a key part of the Democratic constituency that the party will need to turn out to win in swing states.With progressives pushing Democrats to embrace the Green New Deal — and Republicans ridiculing the idea as socialism — Mr. Schumer is effectively trying to turn a weakness into a strength. He is planning daily floor speeches attacking Republicans for inaction and a proposal for a special Senate committee focused on the issue, which he intends to announce this week.And while there is virtually no chance of passing climate change legislation in a Republican-controlled Senate with President Trump in office, Mr. Schumer said he wanted legislation to run on next year — and bring to a vote in early 2021, should his party win the White House and the Senate.“This is the first time Democrats have decided to go on offense on climate change,” Mr. Schumer said in an interview in his office. Asked about a bill, though, he conceded that “it’s going to take us a little while to come up with a consensus that works.”But even one of the most ardent evangelists for climate action, former Vice President Al Gore, conceded that it could be difficult for the party to come together around actual legislation, which almost certainly would have to include a carbon tax or some way to raise the price of carbon dioxide emissions. “This is a heavy lift politically,” he said.Despite that, Democrats see fighting climate change as a winning issue on the campaign trail — a way to mobilize not only young voters but also progressives, who are increasingly talking about the environment in terms of economic and social justice, given the outsize effect pollution has on minority communities.Climate change has for the first time emerged as a front-and-center issue in national political campaigns. On Friday, Washington’s governor, Jay Inslee, announced that he would campaign for president on the signature issue of fighting climate change. Other Democratic presidential candidates regularly make campaign speeches about the subject, and most initially rushed to back the Green New Deal, the liberal social policy proposal made famous by its author, Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York. Students around the world are “striking” from school this spring to demand action.But the rise of climate change as a rallying cry has come with huge downsides for Democrats. The ambitions of its youthful advocates have clashed with the caution of Democratic veterans, memorably caught in a viral video of middle and high schoolers confronting Senator Dianne Feinstein of California.And in a speech to conservative activists on Saturday, President Trump appeared to salivate at the chance to confront Democrats on the issue. “I encourage it,” he mockingly said of the Green New Deal. “I think it’s really something that they should promote.”Republicans see a political advantage in tying Democrats to the most contentious Democratic proposals, like linking climate change policy to universal employment.Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, plans to put the Green New Deal to a vote, without a single hearing or legislative language, as a way of daring Senate Democrats, especially those running for president, to go on record in favor of it.“Whether or not they agree with everything in the Green New Deal, they are going to be lumped into what that proposal was,” said Antonia Ferrier, a Republican strategist and former top aide to Mr. McConnell. “To be charitable to them, they care about this issue and think it’s important. But they also do run a risk of alienating a lot of independent-minded voters in some of those states that Hillary Clinton lost in 2016.”Democrats have been skittish about embracing the “green activist” label at least since 2000, when Mr. Gore lost his bid for the White House. Their unease worsened in 2010, when President Barack Obama’s effort to push a climate change bill through Congress crashed in the Democratic Senate and helped sink the careers of some Democrats who voted for it.“Climate change, to our frustration, was never an issue that rung a bell with voters, particularly in the throes of coming out of an economic crisis,” said David Axelrod, the former chief political strategist to Mr. Obama. “But now we’re a decade down the road, and the road is surrounded by floods and fires in a way that is becoming more and more visible.”Polls show that millennial voters, the largest voting demographic, consistently rank climate change as an issue of top concern — something older generations never did. A 2018 poll by the Pew Research Center found that millennials are the only generation in which a strong majority — 65 percent — says both that there is solid evidence of global warming and that this is attributable primarily to human activity.Mr. Schumer said that he believed voters now saw climate change as an issue that affected them in their daily lives, as scientific reports link climate change to damaging extreme weather, such as stronger storms, flooding and drought.He pointed to “the energy of the young people” on the issue and added, “We want to take that energy and channel it into something more constructive.”Celinda Lake, a Democratic strategist, said that if Democrats talked about the issue correctly — using phrases like “transitioning to green energy,” rather than the more polarizing “climate change” — they could win over Trump voters, who associate words like “transition” and “energy” with jobs.“Trump’s weakest issue is the environment,” Ms. Lake said. “As a Democrat, you’re mobilizing our side, you’re cross-pressuring his voters and you’re talking about the economy and the environment at the same time.”But Democrats are likely to run into trouble when it comes time to propose serious policy solutions. Already, supporters of the Green New Deal have been met with criticism that the proposal is chiefly a set of broad-strokes outlines, rather than concrete legislative language.The Green New Deal immediately won the embrace of multiple Democratic presidential candidates, including Senators Kamala Harris of California, Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, Cory Booker of New Jersey, Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, and Bernie Sanders, independent of Vermont.But it was also hit by a backlash, as Ms. Ocasio-Cortez’s website mistakenly published a draft summary of the document that included contentious provisions not endorsed by those candidates, like language that called for economic security “for all who are unable or unwilling to work.”Other Democrats shied away, including Ms. Feinstein, who told the group of student protesters, “there’s no way to pay for it,” and “it wouldn’t pass the Senate.”Mr. Schumer called the episode “a little hiccup, nothing more.”Republicans saw an opportunity.“Do our Democratic colleagues really support this fantasy novel masquerading as public policy?” Mr. McConnell asked last week on the Senate floor, discussing his plan for the coming vote. “Do they really want to completely upend Americans’ lives to enact some grand socialist vision?”Mr. Schumer’s plan to protect Democrats from going on the record in support of the Green New Deal is to have all members of his caucus simply vote “present” when Mr. McConnell brings the proposal to the Senate floor.Mr. Schumer said he would then counter with a more detailed policy solution, but that may prove just as risky. Such a solution to climate change is the same as it was in 2010, when Mr. Obama failed to pass a bill that required polluters to pay for their carbon emissions.Policy experts say the solution to climate change is still to put a price — ideally, a tax — on carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuels, essentially creating an energy tax that would raise the price of gasoline and electricity generated from fossil fuels. That idea is likely to remain a tough sell with many voters, even as it energizes the liberal left wing of the Democratic Party.Veterans of the 2010 debacle say the political risk will not be as great as it was then.“There has been a lot of change since then,” said Rick Boucher, a former Democratic congressman from a coal-rich quarter of southwest Virginia, whose constituents voted him out of office for backing the Obama-era climate change bill.Want climate news in your inbox? Sign up here for Climate Fwd:, our email newsletter.If you’ve heard a lot recently about the Green New Deal but still aren’t quite sure what it is, you are not alone. After all, it has been trumpeted by its supporters as the way to avoid planetary destruction, and vilified by opponents as a socialist plot to take away your ice cream. So it’s bound to be somewhat confusing. We’re here to help.[A Green New Deal is Technologically Possible. Its Political Prospects Are Another Question.]What is the Green New Deal?The Green New Deal is a congressional resolution that lays out a grand plan for tackling climate change. Introduced by Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York and Senator Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts, both Democrats, the proposal calls on the federal government to wean the United States from fossil fuels and curb planet-warming greenhouse gas emissions across the economy. It also aims to guarantee new high-paying jobs in clean energy industries.The resolution is nonbinding, so even if Congress approves it, nothing in the proposal would become law.Variations of the proposal have been around for years. Think tanks, the Green Party and even the New York Times columnist Thomas L. Friedman all have had plans for tackling climate change that they labeled a Green New Deal. But after the 2018 midterm elections, a youth activist group called the Sunrise Movement popularized the name by laying out a strategy and holding a sit-in outside the office of Nancy Pelosi, the soon-to-be-speaker of the House of Representatives, to demand action on climate change. Ms. Ocasio-Cortez joined the protesters, lending her support to their proposal and setting the groundwork for what ultimately became the joint resolution.Will there be a vote on it?Yes.Republicans have cast the Green New Deal as a socialist takeover and say it is evidence that Democrats are far from the mainstream on energy issues. Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, plans to bring the plan to the floor as early as next week. Democrats say that the vote would be a stunt because Republican Senate leaders do not want to have a sincere debate about climate change.What problem is the Green New Deal addressing?The goal of the Green New Deal is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in order to avoid the worst consequences of climate change while also trying to fix societal problems like economic inequality and racial injustice.[You can get updates on the Green New Deal, and all our climate coverage, in our weekly climate newsletter. Subscribe today for free.]The resolution uses as its guide two major reports issued last year by the United Nations and by federal scientists who warned that if global temperatures continue to rise, the world is headed for more intense heat waves, wildfires and droughts. The research shows that the United States economy could lose billions of dollars by the end of the century because of climate change. Currently, carbon emissions are rising, by 3.4 percent last year in the United States and by 2.7 percent globally, according to early estimates.Supporters of the Green New Deal also believe that change can’t just be a technological feat, and say it must also tackle poverty, income inequality and racial discrimination.What are its main provisions?You can read it for yourself here, but here are the essential elements: It says the entire world needs to get to net-zero emissions by 2050 — meaning as much carbon would have to be absorbed as released into the atmosphere — and the United States must take a “leading role” in achieving that. The Green New Deal calls on the federal government to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions, create high-paying jobs, ensure that clean air, clean water and healthy food are basic human rights, and end all forms of oppression.To achieve those goals, the plan calls for the launch of a “10-year mobilization” to reduce carbon emissions in the United States. It envisions sourcing 100 percent of the country’s electricity from renewable and zero-emissions power, digitizing the nation’s power grid, upgrading every building in the country to be more energy-efficient, and overhauling the nation’s transportation system by investing in electric vehicles and high-speed rail. To address social justice, the resolution says it is the duty of the government to provide job training and new economic development, particularly to communities that currently rely on jobs in fossil fuel industries.What doesn’t it say?President Trump has claimed the Green New Deal will take away your “airplane rights.” Senator Tom Cotton, Republican of Arkansas, told Hugh Hewitt, the conservative radio host, that the proposal would confiscate cars and require Americans to “ride around on high-speed light rail, supposedly powered by unicorn tears.” And Senator John Barrasso, Republican of Wyoming and chairman of the Committee on Environment and Public Works, warned that ice cream, cheeseburgers and milkshakes would be a thing of the past because under the Green New Deal, “livestock will be banned.”The resolution doesn’t do any of those things.To be sure, there is some confusion about what the Green New Deal does and doesn’t say. That’s partially the fault of its sponsors, who botched the resolution’s initial rollout.Ms. Ocasio-Cortez’s office initially sent to reporters, but later disavowed, a fact sheet that included some controversial ideas, like guaranteeing economic security including to those “unwilling to work.”The resolution does call on the federal government to make investments in policies and projects that would eventually change the way we design buildings, travel and eat. For example: cows. To reduce methane, a powerful greenhouse gas that cows and other livestock emit, the resolution proposes “working collaboratively with farmers and ranchers in the United States to eliminate pollution and greenhouse gas emissions from the agricultural sector as much as is technologically feasible.”The resolution itself also steers clear of endorsing or rejecting specific technologies or sources of energy, something that Mr. Markey said was done purposefully to encourage broader support for the plan.What’s with the name?The Green New Deal takes its name and inspiration from the major government makeover, known as the New Deal, launched by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to help the United States recover from the Great Depression.That series of public-works programs and financial reforms included the Civilian Conservation Corps (which put people to work in manual labor jobs like planting trees and constructing park trails) and the creation of the Public Works Administration to work on the construction of bridges, dams, schools and more. Like the original New Deal, the Green New Deal is not a single project or piece of legislation. What are the costs?That’s not clear yet.President Trump claimed it would cost $100 trillion. Supporters of the Green New Deal say climate change could be equally costly to the American economy. For now it’s impossible to pin down dollar figures on the plan.Some examples of why: One conservative think tank has pegged the cost to the federal government of providing Medicare-to-all at $32 trillion over 10 years, but supporters claimed it would actually save taxpayers $2 trillion over 10 years. Converting the country to 100 percent clean power? In Vermont alone, which has a goal of achieving 90 percent renewable energy by midcentury, the cost is estimated at $33 billion. Yet the state is seeing job growth in clean energy sectors and expects the transition will spur cost savings for consumers. Modernizing the electrical grid across the United States could cost as much as $476 billion, yet reap $2 trillion in benefits, according to a 2011 study issued by the Electric Power Research Institute.Ms. Ocasio-Cortez has acknowledged that the Green New Deal is going to be expensive, but contends the plan will pay for itself through economic growth.Do critics offer alternative proposals?Some Republicans have called for a technology-oriented solution to climate change, but so far no critic has come out with an alternative that matches the scale or scope of the Green New Deal.How will the Green New Deal shape the debate?There is going to be a lot more political jockeying around the Green New Deal in coming weeks and months. Republicans have already launched video ads trying to tie Democrats to the proposal, which they have described as “radical.”And Mr. McConnell’s vote is directly aimed at making life uncomfortable for Democratic presidential contenders like Kirsten Gillibrand, Cory Booker, Elizabeth Warren, Amy Klobuchar and Kamala Harris. Those senators have all co-sponsored the Green New Deal resolution but in some cases have avoided specifics. Ms. Klobuchar, for example, told CNN she saw the Green New Deal as an “aspiration” and “something that we need to move toward.”At the same time, all of the attention on the Green New Deal has put new pressure on Republican critics to come up with their own plan for cutting greenhouse gases.It is likely that the Green New Deal will remain a lightning rod throughout the 2020 presidential campaign.For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.Q. How cold is space?A. It depends on the location, but according to NASA, the average temperature of the void between galaxies, away from hot suns and the like, is about minus 454 degrees Fahrenheit.Across the broad reaches of space, this average temperature has been measured at a remarkably constant level. It is thought to be a byproduct of the microwave energy left over from the Big Bang. As the universe expands, the temperature goes down. A NASA experiment on the International Space Station is designed to produce an even colder temperature. In the station’s microgravity, an apparatus called the Cold Atom Laboratory produces clouds of ultracold atoms called Bose-Einstein condensates, with temperatures just one ten-billionth of a degree above absolute zero — the temperature at which atomic motion would theoretically halt.[Like the Science Times page on Facebook. | Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]NEW YORK — Oil prices rose 1 percent on Friday as involuntary supply cuts from Venezuela and Iran plus conflict in Libya supported perceptions of a tightening crude market, while upbeat Chinese economic data eased concerns about waning crude demand. The oil market also followed global stock markets higher after strong earnings at JPMorgan Chase & Co. The dollar index slipped to its lowest against the euro in more than two weeks, making crude cheaper for non-U.S. buyers. [.N] [USD/]"Equities are getting off to a good start with earnings season and the dollar index being weaker helps reaffirm confidence in the oil market," said Phil Streible, senior commodities strategist at RJO Futures in Chicago. Brent crude oil futures rose 72 cents, or 1.02 percent, to settle at $71.55 a barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures ended the session up 31 cents, or 0.5 percent, at $63.89 a barrel.Both benchmarks notched a weekly gain of about 1 percent, which was Brent's third consecutive week of gains and the sixth straight rise for WTI.Oil markets have been lifted by more than 30 percent this year by supply cuts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and U.S. sanctions on oil exporters Iran and Venezuela, plus escalating conflict in OPEC member Libya. "Geopolitically infused rallies could shoot prices toward or even past the $80 per barrel mark for intermittent periods this summer," RBC Capital Markets said in a note. The head of Libya's National Oil Corporation warned on Friday that renewed fighting could wipe out crude production in the country. Bombing by a warplane occurred on Friday near the Mellitah oil and gas plant, jointly operated by Italy's ENI and Libyan state oil firm NOC, a Libyan National Army (LNA) military source and residents said. The plant supplies Italy with gas through the Greenstream pipeline. OPEC and its allies meet in June to decide whether to continue withholding supply. Though OPEC's de facto leader, Saudi Arabia, is considered keen to keep cutting, sources within the group said it could raise output from July if disruptions continue elsewhere. The producer group's supply cuts have been aimed largely at offsetting record crude production in the United States. U.S. energy companies this week increased the number of oil rigs operating for a second week in a row, bringing the total count to 833, General Electric Co's Baker Hughes energy services firm said in its closely followed report on Friday. [RIG/U] The rig count fell for the past four months as independent exploration and production companies cut spending on new drilling to focus on earnings growth instead of increased output.On the demand side, Chinese data showed exports rebounded last month, driving U.S. and euro zone bond yields to three-week highs and helping offset weaker imports and reports of another cut in German growth forecasts. "While macro fears of an economic hard landing may be overblown, the concentration risk of global oil demand (in Asia) remains under appreciated," RBC Capital Markets said. Meanwhile, money managers raised their net long U.S. crude futures and options positions in the week to April 9, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) said on Friday.For a graphic on China GDP growth, see - https://tmsnrt.rs/2VCLIa8 (Additional reporting by Henning Gloystein in Singapore; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and Cynthia Osterman)Welcome to the Climate Fwd: newsletter. The New York Times climate team emails readers once a week with stories and insights about climate change. Sign up here to get it in your inbox.By Lisa FriedmanTwo major new polls are in, and they both found that Americans are more attuned to the threats of climate change than ever before.My colleague John Schwartz wrote about one of the big surveys, which was conducted by the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication and the George Mason University Center for Climate Change Communication. It found that about 73 percent of Americans believe global warming is occurring, a record high and a jump of 10 percentage points from 2015. Another record: The percentage of Americans who said global warming is personally important to them was 72 percent, an increase of nine points since March.Those results mirrored a separate survey, from the Energy Policy Institute at the University of Chicago and The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research, that found 71 percent of Americans believe climate change is happening. About half of those people said they found the science of climate change to be more conclusive than it was five years ago and the vast majority cited extreme weather as the main reason.And the science remains dire. A new study, which my colleague John also wrote about, found that Greenland is losing ice at a pace never before seen. The authors found that the ice loss in 2012, more than 400 billion tons per year, was nearly four times the rate in 2003. It’s part of a growing body of research, John noted, that shows the effects of rising global temperatures are mounting.One person who doesn’t seem concerned? President Trump. Mr. Trump, as he is wont to do during wintertime cold snaps, mocked climate science over the weekend.“Large parts of the Country are suffering from tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold,” the president said Sunday on Twitter. “Wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!”Let’s hope someone showed him Kendra Pierre-Louis’ excellent article on what a polar vortex is, how they’re linked to frigid temperatures and snowstorms, and how more frequent polar vortex breakdowns may be tied to climate change.An Obama climate order at riskBy Somini SenguptaThe Trump administration, which has reversed dozens of environmental protections over the past two years, is now weighing whether to scrap an executive order designed to factor in climate change in overseas development aid, according to the State Department.The executive order, signed by President Barack Obama in 2014, required diplomats making funding decisions about development aid to account for helping those most vulnerable to the effects of climate change. The State Department said it planned to talk to “stakeholders” to decide whether to recommend that President Trump rescind that order.The department signaled that effort in a response to a report issued last week by the Government Accountability Office, the nonpartisan auditing arm of Congress.That report found that the State Department no longer offered “clear guidance” to its diplomatic missions around the world on how to assess the geopolitical risks of climate change. “As such, missions are less likely to examine climate change as a risk to their strategic objectives, or to do so in a consistent manner, and thus may not have the information they would need to identify migration as a risk of climate change,” the report said.The State Department’s press office did not offer a response, citing the partial government shutdown.Meanwhile, the Pentagon released a report last week outlining how it was shoring up its military bases against extreme weather, including rising temperatures, drought and floods. It called the effects of climate change “a national security issue with potential impacts to Department of Defense missions, operational plans, and installations.”The report was criticized by Democratic members of Congress for failing to include what Congress asked for in requesting the report: a list of the 10 most vulnerable military bases in each service branch.Senator Jack Reed, Democrat of Rhode Island and a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, called the report “an inadequate, incomplete, partisan document” that “carries about as much value as a phonebook.”“President Trump’s climate change denial must not adversely impact the security environment where our troops live, work, and serve,” the senator said in a statement.One thing you can do: Weatherize your homeBy Eduardo GarciaLet’s talk about cracks and gaps and crevices, because your home may have quite a few of them. Small holes in your window frames, below your doors, around the corners of your air-conditioning unit, behind moldings and under baseboards may be costing you money and harming the environment.Insulation and climate change may seem unrelated, but better insulation keeps more heat inside your home during the winter, reducing the amount of energy you use to stay warm. In a report this month, the research firm Rhodium Group noted that increased demand for residential heating contributed to a 3.4 percent rise in United States carbon dioxide emissions last year.“There is a really important connection between using less energy and cutting emissions, which I think is not always a direct line for people,” said Lauren Urbanek, a senior energy policy advocate at the Natural Resources Defense Council, a nonprofit environmental group. “They don’t see that this is something they can do that would have a big impact.”Ms. Urbanek said the vast majority of houses in the country would benefit from better insulation, unless they were built in recent years and under high standards.According to the N.R.D.C., if you added up all the various gaps, the average American home would have a 3-foot by 3-foot hole in the wall. But even if your home resembles a colander, finding all the holes may be a challenge.Experts recommend that you hire an energy auditor, who will use high-tech diagnostic devices, like infrared thermographers, to assess your home’s insulation. (We covered thermographic inspections in more detail last summer.) They can determine whether your walls need blown-in insulation, which can be quite cost-effective in the long term.Check with your utility company. Some will send energy auditors free of charge for a walk-through audit, while others may offer rebates.Insulation can also be a great do-it-yourself project. Make sure that the caulk around your windows and doors is in good condition; if not, apply some more. Weatherstripping your windows will also help.Simple things, like drawing the curtains when it’s dark outside, can help keep heat inside your home. (When there’s sunshine, let it in.) You could consider buying thermal curtains, which are designed to prevent heat loss.Closing doors will help keep heat in the spaces where you spend the most time, and using a rug in the winter will make a room feel warmer, particularly a room with a tiled floor.We’d love your feedback on this newsletter. Please email thoughts and suggestions to climateteam@nytimes.com.If you like what we’re doing, please spread the word and send this to your friends. You can sign up here to get our newsletter delivered to your inbox each week.And be sure to check out our full assortment of free newsletters from The Times.Want climate news in your inbox? Sign up here for Climate Fwd:, our email newsletter.WASHINGTON — Even though talk of a “Green New Deal” is getting louder in Congress, the odds of major federal climate legislation passing in the next two years remain extremely low.It’s a different story at the state level, however: The midterm elections in the fall brought in a new wave of governors who are now setting climate goals for their states and laying out more ambitious plans to cut emissions and expand low-carbon energy.In the past month, newly elected Democratic governors in Michigan, Illinois and New Mexico have joined the United States Climate Alliance, a group of 19 states and Puerto Rico that has vowed to uphold the Paris climate agreement despite President Trump’s disavowal of the accord. With the new additions, the alliance now covers one-third of America’s greenhouse gas emissions and nearly half its population. “It essentially says to the world that Michigan is going to live up to the promise that we, as a country, made at one point” to address climate change, Gov. Gretchen Whitmer of Michigan said when she announced that her state would join the alliance and establish a new office of climate and energy.States can only do so much to tackle global warming by themselves. But they can serve as laboratories of sorts, testing which climate policies work well and which ones are ineffective or too costly. And, by advancing technologies like wind, solar or electric vehicles, they could pave the way for more ambitious federal action — should that moment ever arrive.Here are some of the biggest steps states have taken recently on climate policy.More wind and solar powerFor years, the go-to climate move for states has been to require utilities to use more renewable electricity, a task made easier by the rapid decline in costs for wind and solar power. Governors are now poised to accelerate those policies.In Maine, the new governor, Janet Mills, a Democrat, has vowed to restore incentives for rooftop solar and to boost wind power locally — moves that had been stymied by her Republican predecessor.In New Mexico, another Democrat, Gov. Michelle Lujan Grisham, is backing a bill requiring electric utilities to get 50 percent of their power from renewable sources by 2030, keeping pace with neighbors like Colorado and Nevada. (Nevada voters in November approved their own requirement for 50 percent renewables by 2030.)The most striking development, though, has been the array of governors who are now floating plans for their states to get 100 percent of their electricity from zero-carbon sources. Legislators in California and Hawaii have already set deadlines for utilities to meet this target by 2045. In recent months, the governors of Colorado, Illinois, New Jersey and New York have pledged to pursue similar goals.These states are all venturing into uncharted territory, and there’s no guarantee they will succeed. As states rely on ever-larger amounts of wind and solar power, it becomes more challenging to juggle these intermittent sources. Getting all the way to 100 percent zero-carbon electricity, experts say, could require extensive new nationwide transmission lines, novel energy storage techniques or help from untested technologies like advanced nuclear power.For now, states are experimenting with varied approaches. Hawaii, for example, wants to meet its goal entirely through renewable energy. In New Jersey, by contrast, Gov. Philip D. Murphy signed legislation to keep his state’s nuclear plants open as part of a broader low-carbon portfolio. And New York is soliciting bids for large new offshore wind farms.Cutting pollution from carsElectricity is responsible for about one-third of America’s carbon dioxide emissions. To go further, states will also have to clean up the cars and trucks on their roads, which account for another third.In December, nine Eastern states and the District of Columbia announced they would work together to put a price on emissions from transportation fuels and invest the revenue in lower-carbon solutions, potentially including mass transit, electric buses or new charging stations to make it easier for people to own plug-in vehicles.Some of the states involved, like Pennsylvania and Maryland, are in danger of missing their self-imposed climate goals unless they can halt the stubborn rise in driving emissions.While the finer details of the policy will be hashed out this year, the states are modeling their efforts after the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, a cap-and-trade system in the Northeast that auctions a steadily dwindling supply of carbon pollution permits to power plants and uses the revenue to invest in efficiency and clean energy programs.“Transportation is going to be even more complex than electricity — there are so many moving parts,” said Vicki Arroyo, the executive director of the Georgetown Climate Center, which has been working closely with the states on the initiative. But, she said, referring to Maryland, Massachusetts and Vermont, “It’s notable that we have three Republican governors here who are committed to stepping up on this.”More carbon pricingIn November, voters in Washington State rejected a ballot initiative to impose a statewide tax on carbon emissions — a sign that putting a price on carbon, a favorite solution of many economists, remains a tough sell politically.But the idea is far from dead: In neighboring Oregon, the Legislature is now considering a statewide cap-and-trade system that would put a price on emissions from a wide range of polluters, including manufacturers, paper mills, refineries and utilities. (Oregon already gets the vast majority of its electricity from hydropower dams, so it has less room to expand renewable power than other states.) The bill faces a tough battle, but if it were to pass, Oregon could link up with California and Quebec to create a carbon trading system.Elsewhere, New Jersey and Virginia are planning to join the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative. Although Virginia’s governor, Ralph Northam, a Democrat, has faced intense pressure to resign over a racist yearbook photo, state regulators are still laying the groundwork to participate in the cap-and-trade program.How far can states go?In September, a report by America’s Pledge, a coalition of states, cities and businesses that have promised to stick with the Paris Agreement, found that current state and city climate policies would, if followed through, get the United States about two-thirds of the way toward its commitment under the accord.Nathan Hultman, an author of that report and director of the Center for Global Sustainability at the University of Maryland, said the flurry of new state policies could help push the United States closer to its Paris goal, a reduction of emissions at least 26 percent below 2005 levels by 2025, though it would take time to gauge their full impact.“It’s still the case that federal leadership is going to be absolutely essential, and right now that’s absent,” he said. “But we also knew that federal action alone wasn’t going to be enough, because so many important decisions have to be made at the state and city level. And one thing we’ve seen in the past two years is that states are starting to think seriously about what more they can actually do to deliver real and meaningful emissions reductions.”For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.HOUSTON — Qatar Petroleum and Exxon Mobil said on Tuesday that they are making a big investment in American natural gas exports. The deal is designed in part to strengthen Qatar’s ties with the United States nearly two years after Saudi Arabia and its allies launched a trade embargo against the country.The companies said they would spend more than $10 billion to turn Golden Pass, a terminal in Texas originally built to import gas, into an export hub for gas extracted from shale fields in Texas, New Mexico and elsewhere.A deeper push into the United States would give state-owned Qatar Petroleum, already the biggest liquefied natural gas exporter in the world, quicker and cheaper access to Latin America, freeing more of its domestic production for lucrative Asian markets.Qatar is also making a bid to strengthen its relationship with the Trump administration, which has established close ties with Saudi Arabia.“For Qatar, this serves as a counterbalance to the Saudi-U.S. relationship,” said Leslie Palti-Guzman, president of GasVista, a New York-based consulting firm. “Saudi Arabia and Qatar right now are looking to invest in the U.S. liquefied natural gas play, and both think it’s going to carry favor with the Trump administration.”The administration has attempted periodically to mediate Qatar’s dispute with Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates and Egypt since the Saudi-led bloc cut economic and diplomatic ties with Qatar in 2017. But President Trump has sent conflicting signals about his intentions by, at times, appearing to support Saudi Arabia and its allies in the dispute.Qatar has long leveraged its gas wealth to exert political influence around the Middle East and North Africa, with television broadcasting, financial support for Hamas in Gaza and alliances with Muslim Brotherhood chapters and militia groups around the region. The country also hosts a major American military base.Qatar Petroleum has been a big investor in Golden Pass for years. Originally the giant terminal in Sabine Pass, Tex., was designed to import gas, and cost $2 billion to build about a decade ago. But the frenzy of natural gas drilling in shale fields created a domestic glut, and the facility has been dormant for the last eight years.Exxon Mobil and Qatar Petroleum will reverse some pipelines and add several enormous refrigerant plants to Golden Pass. The plants will cool gas to minus-260 degrees Fahrenheit and condense it into a liquid to be loaded onto tankers and shipped to Latin America, Asia and Europe.Golden Pass is expected to create about 9,000 jobs during five years of construction and 200 permanent positions. The announcement had been delayed for years by regulatory hurdles. In 2017, the Energy Department approved exports from Golden Pass.“Golden Pass will provide an increased, reliable, long-term supply of liquefied natural gas to global gas markets, stimulate local growth and create thousands of jobs,” Exxon Mobil’s chief executive, Darren Woods, said in a statement.Qatar Petroleum will own 70 percent of the project, with Exxon Mobil as its junior partner. The two companies have a long relationship that includes projects in Argentina, Brazil and Mozambique.“The politics and the economics are aligned,” said Nikos Tsafos, an energy expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, referring to Golden Pass.Qatar Petroleum’s footprint is expanding at home and worldwide. In Qatar, it is working with international companies to increase L.N.G. production capacity by more than 40 percent.It is also expanding in Morocco, Cyprus, Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, South Africa and Mozambique, and has expressed interest in making billions of dollars of additional investments in United States oil and gas production.Much of the money is coming from investments Qatar removed from countries around the Middle East in retaliation for the blockade. In December, the country said it would leave the Saudi-dominated Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, or OPEC, to focus on its gas business.Qatar is stepping up investments in the United States and elsewhere in response to changes in the global gas market.In the last few years Qatar’s dominance in long-distance shipping of natural gas has been challenged by Australia, and more recently by the United States. Last year, the United States became the fastest growing exporter of liquefied natural gas as the global gas trade increased by 10 percent, primarily because of growing demand in China, Japan and South Korea.The Energy Department projects that American L.N.G. export capacity will increase from 3.6 billion cubic feet a day, to 8.9 billion cubic feet a day by the end of the year, as companies finish several facilities across the Gulf Coast.Natural gas is the fossil fuel with the fastest growing demand worldwide. The number of countries importing L.N.G. has more than doubled to over 40 in the last decade.Asian countries are using gas to replace coal and oil in their power sectors. Thailand and the Philippines are considering L.N.G. imports as a replacement for declining domestic gas production. Many European countries are seeking L.N.G. imports to reduce their dependence on Russia and because gas production on the continent is in decline.“We see the number of buyers increasing very fast,” said Jean-Baptiste Dubreuil, a senior gas analyst at the International Energy Agency in Paris. “In most cases, gas is replacing more carbon-intensive fuels, so it’s a positive.”For Exxon Mobil, the investment marks significantly increased interest in the L.N.G. trade that should fit neatly with its growing investment in oil and gas production in shale fields, particularly in Texas and New Mexico.Sometimes, when life throws you a curve, it can be a golden opportunity. Jasmit Singh Rangr was happily settled in Manhattan, running Rangr Studio, the design practice he founded in 2004, when in 2014, his wife, Abigail Dillen, was offered a vice president’s job at her longtime employer, Earthjustice, that required moving to San Francisco.“I loved being in New York,” Mr. Rangr said. But at least the move would allow the couple and their now-6-year-old son, Sher, to leave what he described as their “dismal little Upper West Side rental.”Ms. Dillen — who is now the president of Earthjustice, a nonprofit that uses the court system to protect the environment — suggested looking in the Berkeley Hills. After going through the now-common experience of finding a house, only to be outbid by someone with lots of ready cash, the couple discovered a bank that would lend them the money to buy an empty lot (preferably one with a view, which would maximize resale value). Through a combination of dogged research and luck, they found property that they could buy for its appraised value rather than the market price. And on this steeply sloping site, Mr. Rangr designed a spare, light-filled house that measures 2,850 square feet, but takes maximum advantage of a view that includes the Bay Bridge, the Golden Gate Bridge and Mount Tamalpais in Marin County. He and his family moved in, in late 2016.The multimillion-dollar view notwithstanding, the couple’s budget was tight, and Berkeley’s seismic and energy codes are strict. Mr. Rangr’s design manages these givens seamlessly. From the street, you see only the top floor of the three-story house. It contains an entry space with a powder room and a closet, and an open living-dining-kitchen space. The floor below contains a master bedroom, a child’s room and a guest room, as well as two bathrooms. The bottom floor, which is reached by an interior stairway and stone steps that lead down the hill from the entrance, contains Mr. Rangr’s office; its small open kitchen and a bathroom also make it suitable for guests or an au pair.Mr. Rangr, who is fond of creating what he calls “inhabitable interstitial spaces,” conceived of the living area as a glass-enclosed version of a screened porch, inspired by the verandas of the houses his family occupied in India. (They moved to London when he was 8.) This glass box “captures the sun’s heat and makes us open the patio doors to cool the space off — at all times of the year,” he explained, eliminating the need for air-conditioning. The space is cantilevered to deepen its connection to the surrounding landscape and view. “At the front wall, you’re literally over air,” Mr. Rangr said. In addition, his use of three square, full-height windows on the west wall — rather than a single horizontal window — creates the sensation that the view extends beyond the frame. He needed to put people “not just in front of the view, but somehow in the view,” he said.On the bright south side of the space, sliding glass doors open to a deck. Clerestory windows on the east (street) side of the house, above the kitchen, admit morning light and cooling breezes. The house has radiant-heated floors and LED lighting throughout, with indirect lighting used liberally; Mr. Rangr says it illuminates spaces more evenly, requiring less artificial light, and therefore less energy. Solar panels on the roof allow the building to consume just “one-third the energy that a house this size should use,” he said.Mr. Rangr chose inexpensive materials, like a fire-rated stucco for the exterior, and Alaskan yellow cedar for the decks, windows and living room floors and ceiling. The lowest grade of wood “adds texture to the strict geometry of my designs,” he said; he used a whitening stain to neutralize its yellow tone. Notes and shopping lists can be written directly on the whiteboard laminate cabinet fronts. Relatively inexpensive subway tiles are in the bathrooms. And the living room bookshelves (wood, with aluminum standards) are from a company that makes laboratory storage components. While they are not flexible enough for frequent reconfiguring, “they have a very elegant bracket system,” Mr. Rangr said.To make the house conform to the same high seismic standards as hospitals, he used state-of-the-art damper frame technology, working with ZFA Structural Engineers, a Northern California firm. The house is more likely to be habitable after an earthquake, and the technology minimizes damage to windows and finishes.For her part, Ms. Dillen asked only for a spacious closet. “My skills are around the two-dimensional,” she said. “Jasmit’s sense of space is something I’d never mess with; that’s part of the reason I fell in love with him.”Impressed by this house, Mr. Rangr’s aunt and uncle commissioned one for themselves nearby in Berkeley, and he is also at work on a mixed-use project in Buffalo, as well as a beach house in Costa Rica. Each embodies his belief that “the program, the client’s wants, and the landscape and climate dictate the design.”“Eighty percent of the architecture is already there on the site; you just have to find the other 20 percent.”Brie Larson is bringing Captain Marvel to the big screen in the latest film from Marvel Studios. Her adventure is set in the 1990s, but the exploits of Captain Marvel date to 1939, when Billy Batson followed a stranger into a subway and was granted powers by a wizard to transform himself into the mighty hero. Since then, many men and women have borne the name Captain Marvel, as well as a sexually fluid alien. Here is a colorful selection.Billy BatsonImageSuperman welcomed Captain Marvel to the DC Comics family in 1972.CreditDCIn 1939, Billy Batson, an orphaned newspaper boy, turned into the Fawcett Comics hero Captain Marvel with one magic word — Shazam! No villains could stop him, but a later lawsuit nearly did. National Comics (the forerunner of DC Comics) thought Captain Marvel, who was strong and could fly and sometimes outsold “Superman,” was too close to the Man of Steel and cried copyright infringement. Fawcett retired the character in 1953, but nearly 20 years later, DC licensed him for new comics. Still, the series could not be called Captain Marvel, because Marvel had grabbed the trademark for its own hero in 1966. These days, Batson goes by Shazam (he cannot say his own name lest he transform) and will get his own film, starring Zachary Levi, next month.[Meet the cats who played Goose in “Captain Marvel.” | Can the movie solve Marvel Studios’ woman problem]Mar-VellBursting on to the scene in 1966, Mar-Vell started out as a spy for the alien Kree race before siding with Earth. This version of the hero was originally a silver-haired hunk, but editors feared his hair color made him look old. He was given a spiffy new costume and later a dye job, leaving him with his better known golden tresses. Sadly, he lost his battle with cancer in 1982. More shockingly, Mar-Vell has remained dead, despite comics’ love of resurrections. His genetically engineered son, Genis-Vell, burst onto the scene as Legacy but later took the name Captain Marvel, bearing it until he was killed in 2006. Spoiler: Mar-Vell has an unexpected role in the new film.Carol DanversIn 1967, Carol Danvers was introduced as an Air Force officer who encountered the alien Captain Marvel. In 1976, Danvers became Ms. Marvel, whose costume was a variation of Mar-Vell’s, albeit more revealing. She later lost her memories and powers, and alien experiments transformed her to Binary, who gets in a spectacular revenge punch against the woman behind her earlier woes. Danvers then became Warbird, joined the Avengers and struggled with alcoholism, before finally taking on the mantle of Captain Marvel (with an appropriate military-inspired uniform).Monica RambeauIntroduced in 1982, Monica Rambeau worked for the New Orleans harbor patrol. An encounter with cosmic energy infused her with the ability to convert her body into any form of energy. She joined the Avengers to better understand her abilities and excelled, eventually mastering her powers and becoming chairwoman of the team for a time. Rambeau was Captain Marvel for 14 years. She ceded the name to Mar-Vell’s son and became Photon (and, later, Pulsar and Spectrum). The “Captain Marvel” film includes a character named Maria Rambeau (played by Lashana Lynch), an Air Force pilot whose call sign is Photon and who has a young daughter named Monica.Noh-VarrThis alien hero crash-landed on Earth in 2000 and quickly found himself at odds with Doctor Midas, who was obsessed with the energy that gave the Fantastic Four their powers, and Hexus, a corporation that became sentient (and evil). Noh-Varr joined the Avengers as Captain Marvel and later became known as the Protector. As a space-faring Kree, the triple-jointed Nor-Varr has a fluid view of sexuality. “We consider these things carefully,” he once told his Young Avengers teammates. “I was aboard an exploratory vessel, after all. Exploratory does have multiple meanings. The Kree are efficient like that.”Kamala KhanWhen her series began in 2014, Kamala Khan was a Muslim teenager living in Jersey City and a big fan of the Carol Danvers version of Captain Marvel. When Khan’s powers activated, she became the local hero Ms. Marvel, telling her idol in a feverish dream: “I want to be you. Except I would wear the classic, politically incorrect costume and kick butt in giant wedge heels.” Since then, Khan has expanded her reach globally with the Champions, a squad of teenage superheroes, and seems likely to be promoted to Captain one day. In the meantime, maybe fans will get a big-screen cameo? At a news conference last month, Brie Larson was asked which hero she would like to meet in a sequel. “My dream would be that Ms. Marvel gets to come into play,” she said.Welcome to the Climate Fwd: newsletter. The New York Times climate team emails readers once a week with stories and insights about climate change. Sign up here to get it in your inbox.By Eduardo GarciaTechnology moves fast. The coolest gadgets today will be obsolete in a few years and we’ll discard them to make room for new ones. Rarely a day goes by that I don’t see flat screens, printers and speakers languishing on the sidewalks of New York City.About half of American states, including New York, have e-waste recycling laws, and around 20 states ban certain types of electronics from landfills. These laws were adopted because many gadgets contain toxic metals — like lead, mercury, cadmium and chromium — that can leak into groundwater and soil, poisoning the ecosystem. The good news is that there are many environmentally friendly options for parting ways with your electronic devices.First, you could consider trying to give those devices a second life. That applies especially to laptops, tablets and cellphones, which we often discard simply because we want to upgrade.You could try selling them online, giving them to people you know, or to a charity or nonprofit group like Computers With Causes or the World Computer Exchange. (Experts recommend that you wipe hard drives and memory cards clean before giving the devices away.)If the gadgets are broken or too old, you can take them to a certified recycling center where technicians may try to refurbish them for reuse in the United States or abroad.Troy Hanna, a reuse technician at the Lower East Side Ecology Center in New York — a warehouse full of printers, stereos, desktop computers, screens and TV sets — said his goal in life was to put “landfills out of business.”“When I refurbish an old computer and somebody buys it, then I do my job twice,” he said. “First for the environment, and second for that person who can now use a device that would have ended up in the landfill.”The Lower East Side Ecology Center has a wide selection of laptops, flat-screen TVs, record players and speakers for sale. It also rents vintage devices for use as props on movie sets.Many people take their used electronics to retailers like Best Buy and Staples, which then send them to recyclers, although they may charge a small fee to handle large items like TV screens.Electronic devices often contain valuable metals like copper, silver, gold and lithium, too. Their components and circuit boards can be sent to smelters to reclaim those metals, a process that some recyclers call “urban mining.” Using recycled metals is less taxing to the environment than extracting, processing and transporting raw materials.“The plastics, the metals, the glass; the vast majority of the content can get recycled,” said Jason Linnell, executive director of the National Center for Electronics Recycling. “There is very little that needs to go into landfills.” Climbing 28 stories, straight up, to get the storyBy John SchwartzIf you read my piece last week about Americans who grew up with ties to fossil fuels but found careers in renewable energy, you encountered people from across the country. Besides meeting so many fascinating people and working with a terrific photographer, Brandon Thibodeaux, I got to do something amazing for that story: I climbed a wind tower.I wrote about the experience for Times Insider, but let me just tell you the main point here: Tiring and scary! The tower is about 300 feet, or about 28 stories, tall. Before I’d gotten halfway up, my forearms were burning and my legs were shaking. I was, in short, a mess. I’d rest on each of the tower’s four platforms, then keep going.Why do it? There’s my natural inclination to want to, or, as I like to put it: To ride the rides. Beyond that, experiences like this one help me tell my stories. Jake Thompson, whom I met in Stanton, Tex., told me that he was afraid of heights but looked into jobs in wind energy at his father’s suggestion. “I looked out at the top,” he said of his first climb on a tower, “and decided that was going to be my career.” I wanted get a feel for what he’d done so that I could best convey it to readers. The story had wonderful reporting moments, like sitting around a dining room table in Clawson, Utah, with three generations of the Riley family. That included Chris Riley, who grew up in state’s coal country and helped found a company that, by connecting western towns to renewable sources of energy, may hasten coal’s decline. He laid out for his family, for the first time, the full implications of his business model. Their reaction was sober and supportive. It was a privilege to be with them. And you know how they say “getting there is half the fun?” Well, no. It was two-hour drive from Salt Lake City to Clawson, with white-knuckle steering through mountain passes in a snowstorm. And after the interview, I had to take the same roads back.It was totally worth it. We occasionally hear criticism from readers who say that, as climate reporters, we should be reducing our own carbon footprint by avoiding air travel. I get that point. But to me, if you’re going to tell the story in a rich way, with the kind of detail that puts readers right there, you have to go there. And you should climb the ladder.The week’s reporting from Team ClimateWe’d love your feedback on this newsletter. Please email thoughts and suggestions to climateteam@nytimes.com.If you like what we’re doing, please spread the word and send this to your friends. You can sign up here to get our newsletter delivered to your inbox each week.And be sure to check out our full assortment of free newsletters from The Times.NEW YORK — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Thursday:Tesla Inc., down $7.64 to $268.42The electric car maker and partner Panasonic are putting on hold plans to expand their Gigafactory, according to media reports.Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., down $1.70 to $17.71The home goods retailer gave Wall Street a mixed fourth-quarter report, with a key sales measure falling short of forecasts.Caesars Entertainment Corp., up 35 cents to $9.40The casino operator could put itself up for sale as soon as this week, according to media reports.Fastenal Co., up $3.29 to $68.48The industrial supplies company reported strong industrial activity in the fourth-quarter, which pushed profit and revenue past forecasts.Rite Aid Corp., down 5 cents to $51 centsThe pharmacy operator reported a fourth-quarter loss and issued a weak full-year forecast.Apogee Enterprises Inc., down $2.43 to $36.40The architectural glass and metal products' maker fell short of fourth-quarter forecasts as bad weather hurt some manufacturing operations.JetBlue Airways Corp., up 22 cents to $17.14The airline announced that it will expand service across the Atlantic Ocean with flights to London by 2021.Concho Resources Inc., down $3.01 to $104.73The energy company and its peers lagged the market on lower oil prices.Q. How do bees find the flowers in the container garden on the fourth-floor deck of my city apartment?A. Foraging bees use the same methods to find nectar and pollen four floors up that they use at ground level.Honeybees routinely fly two miles from their hives in their search for raw material for honey; it doesn’t require much extra energy to fly several stories up. [Like the Science Times page on Facebook. | Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]It takes only one scout to report a promising garden to the rest of the hive with a famous waggle dance. The scout relies on its sophisticated eyes, which are tuned to a variety of wavelengths, including ultraviolet color patterns in flowers that are invisible to people.When the bees get closer to flowers, smell receptors begin transmitting information. And it has recently been discovered that both bumblebees and honeybees can detect and discriminate among weak electrostatic fields emanating from flowers. The bees accumulate a positive charge, while the flowers have a negative charge. The interaction between the fields is detected by antennae or sensitive hairs on the body. The electrical field helps bees to recognize pollen-rich blooms and perhaps even to transfer the pollen.Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together.My forearms felt like they were on fire. My legs were shaking.I was climbing a ladder, but not to clean the leaves out of my gutters. This ladder was 300 feet tall. And even though I’m in decent shape, it was excruciating. And, I’ll admit, frightening.I had come to Stanton, Tex., for a story that published last week — a feature, with arresting photos from Brandon Thibodeaux, about people from around the United States who came from families that worked in the fossil fuel industry, but who chose their own career paths in renewable energy.Jake Thompson manages a wind farm near Stanton, which sits in the middle of the Permian Basin, the second richest oil field in the nation. The basin is also part of the Texas wind boom that has made the Lone Star State the nation’s biggest producer of wind energy. A good place, then, to see wind turbines turning high above pump jacks and drilling rigs. What’s more, the company that owns the wind farm, Invenergy, was willing to let me climb to the top of one of their towers after a safety briefing. And I dearly wanted to have that experience and to take in the view from the top. As I like to say, I always ride the rides, whether that means getting zapped with a million volts of electricity (safely), strapping myself into a jet pack or flying with someone who herds cattle from a helicopter.Riding the rides isn’t always fun, and I’m no thrill seeker in my day-to-day life. I avoid roller coasters, even though my kids love them. But when it comes to writing stories, putting myself in an uncomfortable situation tends to makes my stories better. It helps me understand the people I’m writing about.Brandon and I got to the wind farm early in the morning and took the safety training. Mr. Thompson and his crew then strapped us into heavy harnesses that would clip us to a cable on the ladder and stop us if we fell. Then we drove out to the tower; they opened the door and we walked in. The ladder ran the length of the inside of the tower, close to the curving wall. Brandon and I looked up.Gulp.A 300-foot tower is about 28 stories tall. There are “climb assist” systems that can help pull you up, but using them would have required additional training. It would be our hands and feet getting us to the top.[Read: They Grew Up Around Fossil Fuels. Now, Their Jobs Are in Renewables.]I was wearing the heavy boots I bring to work sites, so I was bearing extra weight. But the real problem was, simply, pulling myself up the ladder. There are four internal platforms spaced from base to top, but that still meant up to 80 feet of straight climbing to do in between rest stops, in a semi-lit, echoing space that somehow felt both claustrophobic and endless.At first I tried climbing as I do on ladders at home, grabbing the rungs and skipping a rung with each step. Soon tired, I had to put both feet on a rung, stop, put one foot on the next rung and bring the other foot up to meet it. It was slow. I was sweaty and my breath was ragged; my heart was pounding. It would take a couple of minutes to get my breathing and heart rate back to normal on each platform.“When you first-time, everybody breathes hard. Doesn’t matter,” Mr. Thompson told me, generously. The two other first timers, Brandon and Mary Ryan, a publicist for the company, seemed to be doing fine. But then, I’m 20 years older than them.The wind tower workers, who have the shoulders of bodybuilders (I now know why), told me that first timers grip the ladder for dear life. They advised loosening my grip, letting my hands ride the sides and letting my legs do the work. It helped.After about 40 minutes, we were in the little room at the top of the tower, the nacelle, that contains the rotor and the generating works and electronics. Up there, we could feel the wind causing the tower to sway back and forth, discomfitingly.Mr. Thompson popped a hatch and stepped out. The roof is fiberglass; it bowed slightly under his feet. We climbed out, attached the tethers on our rigs to bars on the structure, and took in the view.West Texas spread out on all sides, a landscape dotted with turbines and oil-field equipment, natural gas flares from atop wells — and, over it all, the vast Texas sky. Winds gusted to about 35 miles per hour. I was grateful for the tether.We could have climbed overtop and into the nose of the rotor, to look into the hollow blades where they attached to the turbine. That would have involved taking a ladder out over the nose. While I’m sure it could be done safely, the curve of the front of the structure made it look as if I’d be climbing out into open space. This, I decided, was a part of the ride I could skip.The workers warned me that the way down could be harder than the way up. “On the way up, you feel it in your arms. On the way down, you’ll feel it in your legs,” one guy said, and then clarified: “cheeks,” he said, and tapped his behind. But Mr. Thompson let me in on a trick of the trade: I could rest my back against the wall of the structure and slide down, with no effort from my arms and much of the weight off my legs. The descent went smoothly, and soon my boots were touching dirt again.In an interview, Mr. Thompson told me that he was afraid of heights, but looked into wind energy at his father’s suggestion. On his first climb, he recalled, “I looked out at the top, and decided that was going to be my career.” Now I understood how he felt. And I was ready to write.