The wealthy of Silicon Valley ought to be living their very best lives right now. John Doerr, an early Amazon and Google investor, calls their moment “the greatest legal accumulation of wealth in history.”And yet, the people of Silicon Valley seem determined to make themselves miserable. They sit in painful, silent meditations for weeks on end. They starve for days — on purpose. Cold morning showers are a bragging right. Notoriety is a badge of honor.So the most helpful clues to understanding Silicon Valley today may come from its favorite ancient philosophy: Stoicism. An ancient Greek school of thought, Stoicism argued that the only real treasures in life were inner virtues, like self-mastery and courage. The Stoics offered tactics to endure pain and pleasure without complaint. These virtues are paraded on the website of a new entrepreneurship-focused lobbying firm, the Cicero Institute. The organization started quietly last year, and is intended to advocate for start-up interests. Its landing page is adorned with a quote from Cicero, a Roman philosopher-statesman who embraced much of Stoicism’s ethical systems while remaining skeptical of its metaphysics: “I have always been of the opinion that unpopularity earned by doing what is right is not unpopularity at all but glory.”As stocks rise despite crises, as a new wave of wealth rises in the American West, and promotions and payouts come despite scandals, the old mantra that every start-up is going to save the world now rings hollow. But tenets of Stoicism — which can be interpreted to argue that the world and its current power structure are correctly set as they are — fit right in.Is this really a thing?Stoicism has been the preferred viral philosophy “for a moment” for years now — or two decades, by one count. The topic of Stoicism usually comes up in the Valley in terms of the maintenance of the personal life. Start-ups big and small believe their mission is to make the transactions of life frictionless and pleasing. But the executives building those things are convinced that a pleasing, on-demand life will make them soft. So they attempt to bring the pain.“We’re kept in constant comfort,” said Kevin Rose, the founder of Digg, in an interview on Daily Stoic, a popular blog for the tech-Stoic community. Mr. Rose said he tries to incorporate practices in his life that “mimic” our ancestors’ environments and their daily challenges: “This can be simple things like walking in the rain without a jacket or wearing my sandals in the December snow when I take the dog out in the mornings.”Tim Ferriss, the region’s popular life hacker, wrote on his blog that Stoicism is “an ideal ‘operating system’ for thriving in high-stress environments.” Elizabeth Holmes, the founder of the disastrous health diagnostics start-up Theranos and star of a new HBO documentary about its collapse, would often cite “Meditations,” by Marcus Aurelius. Rank-and-file tech workers frequently have more than one Stoic text on their bookshelves. Y Combinator, the start-up incubator, includes “A Guide to the Good Life: The Ancient Art of Stoic Joy,” by William B. Irvine, on its list of books for entrepreneurs to read. Ryan Holiday’s life-hacking books on Stoicism are especially popular, and seed the philosophy afresh to newcomers. (Mr. Holiday is one of the authors of “The Daily Stoic,” a daily meditation book for the barefoot-running and bowhunting crowd.)Then there are the founders who may not call themselves Stoics, but who are practicing some of its tenets. They include Jack Dorsey, the C.E.O. of Twitter, who likes to walk five miles to work each day and meditates in silence 10 days each year. He recently discussed “D.I.Y. cold tubs” and “one meal a day” in a podcast taping with Ben Greenfield, who evangelizes about health.ImageCreditPhoto Illustration by Tracy Ma/The New York TimesWhy are they attracted to Stoicism?Ada Palmer is a professor of early modern history at the University of Chicago and a novelist. Her books are popular in Silicon Valley, and she often visits for dinners with tech workers. “It’s very interesting to see their sort of sad lethargy,” Dr. Palmer said. “When you’re 37, rich, retired and unhappy, it’s very perplexing.”To her, it makes sense that they then turn to Stoicism. She called Stoicism “a wonderful therapy against grief and the blinders of the rat race.”“So much of Stoicism is about achieving interior tranquillity,” she said. That works for business leaders. Other schools of thought during Stoicism’s ancient rise had warned that politics and the pursuit of wealth would lead only to stress and risk, Dr. Palmer said, and some encouraged retiring from active life and even renouncing property. But Stoicism did not. Instead, Stoics believed that everything in the universe is already perfect and that things that seem bad or unjust are secretly good underneath. The philosophy is handy if you already believe that the rich are meant to be rich and the poor meant to be poor.“The new popularity of Stoicism among the tech crowd is, in my view, strikingly similar to Stoicism’s popularity among the powerful elites of ancient Rome,” Dr. Palmer said. “As Rome took over, it surged in popularity because it was the one system of ethics that worked well for the rich and powerful.”Why does it matter?The Cicero Institute comes at a time of tension in Silicon Valley, from a person with a complicated history there.Joe Lonsdale, who founded the institute along with his wife, Taylor, is also a founder of Palantir, the data analytics firm long mired in controversy for its work supporting surveillance and predictive policing. In 2015 The New York Times Magazine reported on his relationship with an undergraduate mentee, who accused him of sexual abuse. He denied the charges. (The student sued him, he countersued, the suits were withdrawn; Stanford banned him from campus but then reversed that decision.) Mr. Lonsdale became friends with Peter Thiel at Stanford and, like Mr. Thiel, has spoken out against “social justice warriors.”Public anger about big tech is growing, and political leaders are beginning to take note. The Cicero Institute promises to fight for the business opportunities of entrepreneurs by focusing on deregulation, with special attention paid to making it easier to build start-ups around prisons, health care and education. Mr. Lonsdale proposes that “private prison contracts tie financial incentives to performance measures,” for instance. Cicero, for his part, retired, but then re-entered the ancient political arena when he saw rising corruption. He was ultimately killed for it. Of the institute’s mascot, Dr. Palmer said: “They’ve chosen the one who comes out of inaction when there’s a crisis to try to prevent a coup.” JERUSALEM — The team behind the Israeli spacecraft that crashed into the moon moments before touchdown was working Friday to try and piece together what derailed the ambitious mission, which sought to make history as the first privately funded lunar landing.SpaceIL, the start-up that worked for over eight years to get the spacecraft off the ground, revealed that a technical glitch triggered a "chain of events" that caused the spacecraft's engine to malfunction Thursday just 14 kilometers (8.7 miles) above the moon, making it "impossible to stop the spacecraft's velocity." The main engine managed to restart soon after, but it was too late: the lander was on a collision course with the moon at 500 kilometers (310.7 miles) per hour. Radio signals from the spacecraft flat-lined as the scheduled touchdown time came and went, leading engineers to assume that the small spacecraft was scattered in pieces after slamming into the landing site.The crew said it would conduct comprehensive tests next week to better understand what happened.Had the mission succeeded, it would have made Israel the fourth nation to pull off a lunar landing--a feat only accomplished by the national space agencies of the U.S., Russia and China.The failure was a disappointing end to a lunar voyage of 6.5 million kilometers (4 million miles), almost unprecedented in length and designed to conserve fuel and reduce price. The spacecraft hitched a ride on a SpaceX rocket launched from Florida in February.For the past two months, the lander, dubbed Beresheet, Hebrew for "In the Beginning," traveled around the Earth several times before entering lunar orbit -- a first for a privately funded lander. Israel can count itself among seven nations that have successfully orbited the moon.Although the crash dashed the hopes of engineers and enthusiasts around the world that had been rooting for the scrappy spacecraft's safe arrival, the team emphasized that the mission was still a success for reaching the moon and coming so close to landing successfully.Beresheet was about the size of a washing machine. It cost $100 million -- more than the entrepreneurs had hoped to spend, but far less than a government-funded spacecraft.After getting its start in the Google Lunar XPrize Competition, which ultimately ended last year without a winner, Beresheet's lunar voyage gained momentum over the years, coming to be seen as test of Israel's technological prowess and potential key to global respect."Israel made it to the moon, and Beresheet's journey hasn't ended," said Israeli billionaire Morris Kahn, one of the project's major sponsors. "I expect Israel's next generation to complete the mission for us."WASHINGTON — Ivanka Trump, the president’s eldest daughter and senior adviser, will play a role in helping to select the next head of the World Bank, the White House said Monday.Ms. Trump, who had been rumored to be a contender for the position herself, will not be a candidate, a Trump administration official said. But she will assist the Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, and the acting White House chief of staff, Mick Mulvaney, in choosing a successor to Jim Yong Kim, the current president of the World Bank who announced last week he would be stepping down.Mr. Mnuchin called Ms. Trump last week and asked her if she would be involved, an administration official said.Jessica Ditto, a White House spokeswoman, said Ms. Trump was asked because “she’s worked closely with the World Bank’s leadership for the past two years.”Administration officials are expected to begin the interview process for the job, which has always gone to an American, on Tuesday. The White House did not provide any names of contenders, but the official noted that one person whose name has been floated — Nikki R. Haley, the former United Nations ambassador — was not a candidate.Ms. Trump, Mr. Mnuchin and Mr. Mulvaney will make recommendations to President Trump, who will nominate a candidate for the position. Member countries of the World Bank will then vote on the nominee.Traditionally, the American president’s pick is accepted and Europe chooses the leader of the International Monetary Fund because both institutions were founded during World War II. Mr. Kim, for instance, a former Dartmouth College president and a global health expert, was selected for the post by President Barack Obama in 2012.Ms. Trump is seen inside the White House as having unique sway over her father, especially when it comes to personnel decisions. In a speech on Monday in front of a farm convention in New Orleans, Mr. Trump even conceded that it was Ms. Trump’s constant nagging that pushed him to support a child care tax credit in the tax bill passed last year. “Dad, Dad, we have to get it passed,” Mr. Trump said, mimicking his daughter’s successful pressure campaign.In explaining Ms. Trump’s qualifications for participating in the selection process, the administration official cited both Ms. Trump’s close relationship with Mr. Mnuchin as well as her work with Mr. Kim.Last year, for instance, she helped start the Women Entrepreneurs Finance Initiative, a fund administered by the World Bank and branded “We-Fi,” at the Group of 20 conference in Hamburg, Germany. The goal of the fund, which Ms. Trump is credited with envisioning, is to generate $1.6 billion in capital for female entrepreneurs in developing countries.Ms. Trump’s involvement with the World Bank has drawn criticism in the past. Senator Benjamin L. Cardin, Democrat of Maryland, sent a letter last year to Mr. Mnuchin raising questions about her role with the fund, given that her eponymous women’s apparel and accessories brand could stand to benefit from its work. Since then, however, Ms. Trump has shut down her clothing line.But Richard W. Painter, who served as chief ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush, still questioned Ms. Trump’s involvement, noting that she holds trademarks around the world, even if she has shut down her brand. He said he had similar doubts about her husband, Jared Kushner, also a senior White House adviser.“I do not believe that Ivanka and Jared have sufficiently divested their assets that they can participate personally and substantially in economic policy — particularly international economic matters — without risk of violating financial conflict of interest laws,” he said.Shao Chunyou exemplifies the Chinese dream. Over three decades, he rose from an assembly line worker to an electronics business owner, following China’s rise from an economic backwater to the world’s No. 2 economy. He now owns two factories and employs over 2,000 workers.Now, as China changes, Mr. Shao must reinvent himself again.Fast growth is fading. Competition has intensified. And in a country sometimes called the world’s factory floor, it sometimes seems as if nobody wants to work in a factory anymore.“There were more workers and fewer factories then,” Mr. Shao said, referring to the old days. “Now we have to beg workers.”China’s economy is slowing, yes, and government policies have made business tougher for many. But there are bigger, broader forces at work challenging the entrepreneurs like Mr. Shao who lifted China out of poverty.China has moved up the value chain, and its people have moved up along with it. They want higher wages and a better life. China is no longer the world’s cheap factory. The country must now embrace high-value manufacturing, automation and innovation if it hopes to keep growing at a steady clip. Success depends on the ability of people like Mr. Shao to pivot away from their traditional business methods.Mr. Shao’s pivot won’t be easy or cheap. He is replacing people with robots. He is making more sophisticated gadgets that could flummox copycats but could also be disastrously expensive if they fail. And in a shift for a businessman who prides himself on doing it alone, he is for the first time accepting direct government help. “Doing business is like releasing the arrow from a bow,” said Yu Youfu, Mr. Shao’s wife. “Once it’s in motion, there’s no way to turn it back.”Everybody calls Mr. Shao “boss,” even his wife. A portly man with a poof of hair that invites comparison to the American president’s, Mr. Shao owns an electronics company called Quankang. Ms. Yu, a slender, intense woman, oversees factory operations, finance and administration. Their 27-year-old son, Shao Qiang, heads Quankang’s new research and development department. The company traditionally made parts for smartphones and other gadgets, though it is now setting its sights higher. The family is defined by its factories. For years, the couple slept in their office next to the factory, and Ms. Yu still crashes there from time to time even though their spacious apartment is a 15-minute drive away.“I sleep better with the noise of the machines,” she said. “If they’re noisy, it means they’re functioning.”Mr. Shao was born in Jiujiang, a medium-size city in China’s interior. At 16, he became an apprentice carpenter, making roughly 60 cents a day, barely enough to feed himself.In 1989, the same year the authorities gunned down protesters in Tiananmen Square, Mr. Shao, then 20, went south. Deng Xiaoping, then China’s paramount leader, had opened special economic zones — essentially areas where entrepreneurs could start businesses and court foreign investors — in southern cities like Shenzhen and Zhuhai. The newly built factories there were hiring.Mr. Shao left home with about $5 in his pocket. Highways and high-speed trains didn’t crisscross China as they do now. He had to take a one-hour bus ride to the provincial capital, then a 15-hour train ride.“The trains were always packed, like the ones shipping pigs,” he said.It wasn’t easy to find a job, without which Mr. Shao couldn’t get permission to live in Shenzhen. Whenever the authorities raided dormitories looking for trespassers, he and others would hide overnight in a nearby cemetery.He finally found a job as an apprentice, making much less than $1 a day. Working overtime earned him a few cents more per hour. Within three years, he was promoted to supervisor and was making roughly $375 a month. Ms. Yu, also from Jiujiang, joined him in Shenzhen with Shao Qiang, then 2 months old. “I would work from 8 a.m. till 11 p.m. or even midnight.” Mr. Shao said. “We all wanted to earn the overtime pay. Nobody complained.”In 2004, Mr. Shao started a small metal-molding company while working at his day job. Ms. Yu dealt with clients and managed the books. They called the company Quankang, which can mean “all healthy” or “all good.” They sent their son back home to be raised by his grandparents, as many migrant workers in China had done. Two years later, they moved from Shenzhen to neighboring Dongguan, a city of cheap factory buildings.Government and state-owned banks typically didn’t help small business owners like Mr. Shao and Ms. Yu, and they struggled at first. They once turned away a big customer because they didn’t have the cash to buy the materials. To win over another customer, they rented a huge metalworking machine and moved it into their factory overnight to show the client who visited in the morning that they could do the work. They got the order.They started by making metal parts for MP3 players, then cellphone casings. They spent $13,000 of their savings on a polishing machine, a fortune for most Chinese at the time.“My heart was filled with trepidation,” Mr. Shao said. “If we failed, we would lose everything.”They didn’t fail. Helped by China’s surging growth, they became part of a vast web of suppliers that has helped China dominate the business of manufacturing electronics. But as China began to mature, business got tougher. Competitors emerged. Pricing became brutal. Mr. Shao and Ms. Yu found they had to evolve or die.In 2015, the couple started working with Chinese manufacturers like Xiaomi and Huawei to make key metal parts for their headsets as smartphone sales took off. They took out millions of dollars in bank loans and invested in 120 tooling machines. The bet paid off until the competition became too fierce that they began considering harder-to-replicate products, such as appliances.“In China, once you have a product that sells well, many companies will rush in to make the same thing,” Mr. Shao said.The biggest problem the couple and many other Chinese manufacturers face is the growing cost of labor and increasingly scarce workers.Mr. Shao and Ms. Yu paid their workers about 1,000 renminbi a month in 2004, or about $150 at current exchange rates. Now pay is at least five times that, and can go as high as eight times that.Like most factories Quankang also provides housing and meals. It used to pay four types of social benefits. Now it pays six. The couple know they are lucky to have survived. After the financial crisis, many multinational manufacturers in Dongguan moved their factories to lower-cost countries like Vietnam. Many of the couple’s friends and competitors closed their factories.Over lunch recently, Ms. Yu shook her head as she told her husband that a nearby electronic component factory that hired 7,000 workers at its peak had just filed for bankruptcy. In 2017, they came up with an ambitious survival plan: Move, climb the value chain and automate.Quankang is working with Xiaomi to design and make smart home appliances such as space heaters and electric fans. Mr. Shao and Ms. Yu plan to build three fully automated assembly lines. The first is expected to be running by March. And for the first time, Quankang is accepting direct government support. Mr. Shao’s modernization campaign will happen on more than 30 acres far away from Dongguan, in neighboring Hunan Province. The local government there is giving Quankang the land almost free of charge. The local government of Yanling County is more interested in tax revenue and job creation than revenue from land sales, Mr. Shao said. So far, he has spent nearly $12 million on the Hunan plant.China’s boom started when the Communist Party unleashed the country’s entrepreneurs and largely left them alone. This next stage of growth may not be so easy. To help it along, the central government is spending vast amounts to upgrade manufacturing. Local officials in less developed provinces are trying to lure companies to replicate southern China’s economic miracle. It proves appealing to entrepreneurs like Mr. Shao and Ms. Yu, who are desperate to find a new niche to survive and thrive. “The business of our factories isn’t as good as before,” Ms. Yu said. “But since we’ve been doing this, we’ll keep charging ahead because behind us it’s a precipice. We’ll fall if we step back.”(Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive Jeff Bezos on Thursday challenged retailers to hike their minimum wages to $16 an hour, prompting a comeback from Walmart Inc which asked its rivals to pay taxes."Today I challenge our top retail competitors (you know who you are!) to match our employee benefits and our $15 minimum wage," the billionaire entrepreneur said in a letter to shareholders."Do it! Better yet, go to $16 and throw the gauntlet back at us."The online retailer raised its minimum wage to $15 per hour for U.S. employees from November, giving in to critics of poor pay and working conditions at the company.Some critics have said the hike was insufficient and note that Amazon paid zero U.S. federal income tax on more than $11 billion in profits before taxes in 2018, and received a $129 million tax rebate from the federal government.Walmart's executive vice president of corporate affairs, Dan Bartlett, responded to Bezos by tweeting, "Hey retail competitors out there (you know who you are) how about paying your taxes?"Walmart, which has raised its minimum wage twice since 2015, pays an entry wage of $11 per hour. CEO Doug McMillon has said Walmart's average U.S. hourly wage is $17.50 including bonuses based on store performance, and excluding healthcare benefits.The two retailers, which are fierce rivals, rarely go after one another other publicly.Amazon's wage hike came as U.S. unemployment was at a near two-decade low, with retailers and shippers competing for hundreds of thousands of workers for the all-important holiday shopping season.Bezos said in his letter that the wage hike has benefited more than 250,000 Amazon employees and over 100,000 seasonal employees who worked during the last holiday season at Amazon sites in the United States. Amazon's third party sales in 2018 accounted for 58 percent of total sales, up from 56 percent in 2017, Bezos said.Amazon has said that it pays all the required taxes in every country where it operates, including $2.6 billion in corporate tax and reporting $3.4 billion in tax expense over the last three years."Corporate tax is based on profits, not revenues, and our profits remain modest given retail is a highly competitive, low-margin business," according to recent Amazon statements. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Washington and Akanksha Rana in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur and Richard Chang)A few years ago, Patrick Roche was working for an architectural firm in Manhattan and running a side hustle in bubble-ball soccer, a game during which players wear giant bubble suits and bump into each other, as he explained. That was fun. But his day job was stressful and exhausting. He wasn’t sleeping well. Mr. Roche wanted out of architecture, but bubble ball, he reckoned, was maybe not the most sustainable future. He had been reading self-help books on entrepreneurship and they all said the same thing: Just start something. Meanwhile, he was trying different remedies for his sleeplessness: meditation, reducing caffeine, exercise. The one he liked best was a weighted blanket — essentially, a really, really heavy comforter, freighted with glass or plastic beads, heretofore used most often to soothe autistic children and others with sensory processing disorders. Could selling them be the beginning of a business?Mr. Roche, 32, found a generic version on Alibaba, the Chinese online marketplace and customized it for a design-forward buyer by sheathing it in a gray cotton duvet cover. He named his creation and his new company, rocabi (pronounced “rock-a-bye”).By June of 2017 he had an online shingle, some basic Google ads and a place on Amazon. By 2018, rocabi was selling thousands for $199 and had branched out, just before Christmas, with a new item: the Boyfriend Blanket, made from shearling and denim, to mimic the look of a cozy jean jacket.Mr. Roche is hardly alone in his heavy-bedding endeavor. Weight may be the new thread count, as he and other newly minted makers of therapeutic comforters hope to turn the bedroom into a quasi-medical space, the latest iteration in the commodification of sleep. If the last chapter was largely about data and devices (sleep tracking, mostly), this one is all about the bed itself. About the same time Mr. Roche was having his aha moment, Kathrin Hamm, a German economist, was working at the World Bank, covering the Middle East from Dubai and traveling across multiple time zones. Like Mr. Roche, she was having trouble sleeping, and she, too, tried a weighted blanket as a remedy, an experience which also jolted her own inner entrepreneur. Could she make it more attractive, and not so hot? She raised close to $250,000 on Kickstarter and began selling the Sleeper, a crisp white duvet made from eucalyptus and weighted with sand, for $199. It sold so well she quit her job. Her friends thought she had lost her mind.“I come from a small town in Germany,” said Ms. Hamm, who is 36. “They knew I was an economist working for the World Bank. Now I’m trying to sell blankets on the internet. Something must be wrong.”Many of the new bedroom entrepreneurs are hoping to best the success of the Gravity Blanket, whose own Kickstarter campaign raised more than $4.7 million a couple of years ago. By the end of last year, sales of that fuzzy throw ($249) had reached $18 million, and Time magazine had named it one of the best inventions of 2018.With an ersatz-looking plush cover that recalls airline blankets, the Gravity Blanket has begged for competition. Late last year, Holden & Hay, a Colorado company that sells Merino wool bedding for babies and dogs, launched its own Kickstarter campaign to make “eco-conscious” weighted blankets printed with Native American motifs and stuffed with shredded “mom jeans.” And Ms. Hamm, whose company is named Bearaby (a neologism designed to evoke a bear hug and a lullaby, she said) now also sells the adorable, 20-pound Napper, a chunky knit throw in six colors ($249) that carries its weight in its yarn and would be right at home in a stylishly hygge setting. Heavy bedding and other compression items have resonated, metaphorically and psychologically, as transitional objects for a population under stress. People on Twitter have been lobbing weighted blanket jokes, like a poster who wondered if he or she could make a cheaper version by pouring concrete in a comforter and lighting it on fire. Last April, the maker of the ThunderShirt, a swaddling vest made for anxious dogs, mocked up a web page offering a ThunderShirt for humans with fake testimonials. The company’s call center was flooded with inquiries. “It was for April 1,” said one operator last week with studied patience. An Australian company has designed greeting cards for lovers that proclaim, “You are my favorite weighted blanket.”(It was late last year that the weighted blanket went from being an easy punch line to a woke parody, when a writer for the Atlantic wondered if the marketing of a product designed as a coping device for autistic people was appropriation. This generated all manner of retorts, the best of which came from a writer at Slate who is herself autistic.)Enter the Sleep Pod, a gray spandex cocoon ($110). Its inventor, Matt Mundt, 28, has a background in mechanical engineering and a resume that includes product development for Apple. He has long been a poor sleeper, he said recently, and when he gazed upon the sleep space, as entrepreneurs like to say, and saw that it was heavy with weighted blankets, he was moved to innovate. “I’m 6-foot-3 and I couldn’t bear them,” Mr. Mundt said. “I was overheating, my arms and legs were sticking out, the blankets were falling off the bed and it was just a mess. I have five patents. I knew I could do something better.” His solution was to make an 8-ounce pod from an elastic fabric that mimics, he said, the pressure of a weighted blanket but without the ballast, typically 10 percent of one’s body weight (most companies sell three versions, 15-, 20- and 25-pounders). It also solves the partner problem: each of you can sleep in his or her own pod as Mr. Mundt and his wife, Angie, do. The Sleep Pod was not a success in my own household: “Get it off now!” said my panicked roommate, kicking frantically. I thought it was perfectly cozy, if not particularly snug. This made it bearable, for my own sleep purposes, but perhaps not therapeutic, from a pressure standpoint. And deep pressure is the main ingredient in a weighted blanket, which may raise serotonin and melatonin levels, say the makers, citing various studies, and in turn reduce anxiety. Just maybe. When she was a child, Temple Grandin liked to crawl under the sofa cushions and have her sister lie on top. She hated human touch, but the sensation of being squashed under the pillows soothed her. At 18, she built her first “squeeze machine,” a large, viselike device made from plywood, foam padding and even a bit of fake fur. She used it to quell her own anxiety and also acclimate herself to the touch of other creatures. Dr. Grandin, the autistic professor of animal science made famous by Oliver Sacks for her stress-reducing innovations for handling livestock, notes on her website that after a while, her cat no longer ran away from her. “I had to be comforted myself before I could give comfort to the cat,” she writes. One frigid afternoon when the Polar Vortex was in town, I dragged the Boyfriend Blanket onto the sofa, furry side up. I put myself and the cat on top, and wrestled the Napper into place over my shins. (Ms. Hamm, who had worked with a sleep scientist in her development process, said that he had suggested knee-level forays to get used to the weight.) Thus encumbered, the cat and I passed out. MOSCOW — Russian investigators have asked a court in Moscow to free detained U.S. investor Michael Calvey from custody at a hearing later this week and to place him under house arrest instead, the court said on Wednesday. The detention in February of Calvey, founder of the Baring Vostok private equity group, on embezzlement charges which he denies, has rattled some foreign investors and politicians in Russia, who said it had a chilling effect on the business climate. Russian courts agree in most cases with prosecutors' recommendations about whether suspects should be detained before trial, so there is a strong possibility Calvey will be allowed out of jail on Thursday. The court said in a statement that investigators had submitted documents ahead of court hearings on Thursday in which they asked for Calvey and another detained suspect, Alexey Kordichev, to be put under house arrest. That is a U-turn by investigators, who brought the charges against Calvey and his co-accused and had initially asked the court to hold them in detention pending trial. They are in a pre-trial detention facility in Moscow. "We also look forward to similar (calls) being made regarding Michael and Alexey's four colleagues," Baring Vostok said in a statement welcoming the move by investigators. Calvey, who was detained along with several other executives, has said the case is being used to apply pressure on him in a business dispute over a Russian bank in which he is a shareholder.Moscow's Basmanny district court on Tuesday extended by three months the detention of another suspect in the case, French national Philippe Delpal, at the request of prosecutors. A hearing is scheduled for Thursday at the same court to decide on whether Calvey's detention should be extended.Several prominent Russian businessmen and officials have said that locking Calvey up in pre-trial detention was an unnecessarily tough measure and that his treatment by authorities was too harsh."The investment and business communities welcome the call by the Investigative Committee...to ease the restrictive measures against... Michael Calvey," Kirill Dmitriev, head of Russia's sovereign wealth fund, said. Boris Titov, presidential commissioner for entrepreneurs' rights, said last month that he and other business associations were working to try to get Calvey freed on bail.The Kremlin has said President Vladimir Putin does not plan to intervene in the case and that investigators should be allowed to do their job. (Additional reporting by Maria Kiselyova, Gabrielle Tétrault-Farber and Andrey Ostroukh; Editing by Christian Lowe)WASHINGTON — The U.S. securities watchdog's request that a federal judge hold Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk in contempt over the billionaire entrepreneur's use of Twitter was "reasonable," said a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission official on Monday.SEC Commissioner Robert Jackson, a Democrat, told reporters at a conference in Washington that the SEC was reasonable in suggesting greater oversight of Musk's communications, including the threat of new fines if he backslides. "The idea (is) that we would have future oversight to prevent future problems from recurring," Jackson said.The SEC had asked U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan to hold Musk in contempt over a Feb. 19 tweet in which the agency said he had improperly posted material information about Tesla's vehicle production outlook without seeking approval from its lawyers.In a Friday order, the judge gave both sides until April 18 to reach a resolution. If they do not, the judge said she would decide whether to hold Musk in contempt. If he is held in contempt, the judge would allow discussions on possible sanctions. "I understand those who are skeptical and who feel that it's innovative relief – to me it was important relief and I thought enforcement took very reasonable steps, both to the nature of the relief and our oversight of that relief," added Jackson of the judge's order. The SEC, which had sued Tesla, asked the company in September to consider removing Musk. The CEO agreed to step down as Tesla's chairman in an agreement that also required preapproval of Musk's written communications that could be material to the company, such as volumes of cars produced or other information likely to change the value of its securities. In a statement by Tesla on Thursday, Musk said "the tweet in question was true, immaterial to shareholders, and in no way a violation of my agreement."The SEC said the first of the Feb. 19 tweets conflicted with Tesla's Jan. 30 outlook, when it targeted annualized Model 3 production exceeding 500,000 as soon as the fourth quarter, and projected 360,000 to 400,000 vehicle deliveries this year. At the time the SEC also said Musk had violated their agreement by sending a tweet that had not been vetted by Tesla's lawyers and he should be held in contempt. It did not say what penalties it wanted imposed, raising the question of whether it would again seek his removal or propose less drastic measures. (Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn and Katanga Johnson; Editing by Richard Chang)TEL AVIV — An Israeli entrepreneur went the extra mile to vote in Tuesday's parliamentary election - 7,401 of them (11,910 km), to be precise.Offir Gutelzon said he and at least 100 other expatriates flew back from the San Francisco Bay Area to make their mark in the heated contest between veteran conservative Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's Likud party and a variety of center-left challengers. The result was, however, a mixed bag for Gutelzon, a 44-year-old tech CEO who lives in Silicon Valley.Exit polls gave Likud's main rival, the Blue and White party led by former General Benny Gantz the lead. Netanyahu nevertheless still stood a better chance to form the next coalition government.And the left-wing opposition Labour party Gutelzon voted for was poised to shrink by nearly two-thirds to seven members in the 120-strong parliament, according to exit polls. "I seem to be optimistic that the total vote for the center-left seems to be good. It is pretty exciting. We worked really hard to make (the) change," Gutelzon said, speaking at the Labour party's campaign headquarters in Tel Aviv.Israel does not allow absentee ballots, but any citizen can cast a vote within the country, even if his or her home is elsewhere. Gutelzon said that his identity as an Israeli abroad, and discomfort with Netanyahu's policies, motivated his long trip."We've seen over the last four years more and more extremist points of view coming to Israel from [the] right," Gutelzon said.A looming graft indictment against Netanyahu has "made it much harder to be an ambassador" for Israel, he added.Netanyahu has denied wrongdoing in the corruption scandal and taken credit for Israel's booming international start-up scene.Gutelzon, who stayed abroad during three previous elections, co-founded a Facebook group called "Israelis in the Valley Go to Vote" to bring others in with him this time around. The group has several hundred members.Any success Gutelzon might have had in drumming up expatriate votes might also be explained by the fact that this election comes 10 days before the Jewish festival of Passover, a time of homecoming for many Israelis. "We came to visit for Passover, and along the way, we'll vote," said Roi Zaltzman, a 40-year-old realtor who lives in Denmark, after he flew in to Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion Airport. (Reporting by Rami Ayyub; Editing by Tom Brown)In what the Justice Department called its largest ever college admissions prosecution, federal authorities charged 50 people on Tuesday with taking part in a nationwide scheme to game the admissions process at highly competitive schools like Yale and the University of Southern California. [The college admissions scandal has raised a lot of questions. We’ve answered them here.]Those charged include wealthy and powerful parents accused of paying millions of dollars in bribes, exam administrators and athletic coaches accused of manufacturing students’ achievements, and private admissions counselors accused of coordinating it all. The EnterpriseAt the center of the scandal are the Edge College & Career Network, also known as the Key, and a nonprofit organization, the Key Worldwide Foundation, that prosecutors say effectively were a single enterprise. They are accused of helping students cheat on standardized tests, and paying bribes to athletic coaches who could get the students into college using fake athletic credentials. [Read more on the Justice Department’s largest ever college admissions prosecution.]William Singer, also known as Rick Singer, owner of the Edge College & Career Network, and chief executive of the Key Worldwide FoundationSteven Masera, an accountant and financial officer for the two entitiesMikaela Sanford, an employee who held several roles and is accused of taking classes for high school students[Read more about how the F.B.I. says parents cheated to get their children into elite colleges.]The ParentsFederal prosecutors accused dozens of parents of paying millions of dollars in bribes to help their children secure spots at prestigious American universities. Gamal Abdelaziz, a senior executive of a resort and casino operatorGregory and Marcia Abbott. Gregory is the founder and chairman of a packaging company for the food and beverage industry, and the former head of a private-label clothing manufacturerDiane Blake, an executive at a retail merchandising firm, and Todd Blake, entrepreneur and investorJane Buckingham, chief executive of a boutique marketing companyGordon Caplan, a lawyer and a co-chairman of the international law firm Willkie Farr & GallagherI-Hsin “Joey” Chen, a provider of warehousing and related services for the shipping industryAmy and Gregory Colburn. Gregory is a physician.Robert Flaxman, chief executive of a Los Angeles-based real estate development firmMossimo Giannulli, fashion designer, and Lori Loughlin, actressElizabeth and Manuel Henriquez. Manuel was the founder, chairman and chief executive of Hercules Capital. Douglas Hodge, former chief executive of Pimco, one of the world’s biggest bond fund managersFelicity Huffman, actressAgustin Huneeus, owner of vineyards in Napa, Calif.Bruce and Davina Isackson. Bruce is the president of a real estate development firm.Michelle Janavs, a former executive of a food manufacturerElisabeth Kimmel, owner of a media companyMarjorie Klapper, co-owner of a jewelry business Toby MacFarlane, a former senior executive at a title insurance companyWilliam E. McGlashan Jr., a senior executive at TPG, one of the world’s biggest private equity firmsMarci Palatella, chief executive of a liquor distributorPeter Jan “P.J.” Sartorio, a packaged-food entrepreneurStephen Semprevivo, an executive at Cydcor, an outsourcing company David Sidoo, president and chief executive of Advantage Lithium Corp., a lithium explorer and developer, and an executive at East West Petroleum Corp., an oil and gas company. Both are based in Canada. Devin Sloane, founder and chief executive of Aquatecture, a drinking water and wastewater systems businessJohn Wilson, founder and chief executive of a private-equity and real estate development firmHomayoun Zadeh, an associate professor of dentistry at U.S.C.Robert Zangrillo, founder and chief executive of a Miami-based venture capital and real estate firmThe Athletic CoachesAthletic coaches from top colleges were also implicated and accused of accepting millions of dollars to help students gain admission.Michael Center, head coach of men’s tennis at University of Texas at Austin Gordon Ernst, former head coach of men’s and women’s tennis at GeorgetownWilliam Ferguson, women’s volleyball coach at Wake ForestDonna Heinel, senior associate athletic director at U.S.C.Laura Janke, former assistant coach of women’s soccer at U.S.C.Ali Khosroshahin, former head coach of women’s soccer at U.S.C.Rudolph Meredith, former head coach of women’s soccer at YaleJorge Salcedo, former head coach of men’s soccer at University of California, Los AngelesJohn Vandemoer, former sailing coach at StanfordJovan Vavic, former water polo coach at U.S.C.The Other PlayersTeachers, test administrators and private instructors are named as co-conspirators in the federal charging documents. Igor Dvorskiy, test administrator for the College Board and AC.T., accused of accepting bribes to facilitate the cheating scheme at the West Hollywood Test CenterNiki Williams, assistant teacher at a public high school in Houston and a test administrator for the College Board and AC.T. who is accused of accepting bribesMark Riddell, a test proctor accused of tampering with students’ test papers to improve scores, and of secretly taking exams in place of studentsMartin Fox, president of a private tennis academy and camp in Houston, accused of acting as a middleman for bribe paymentsPatti Cohen, Susan Beachy, Matthew Goldstein and Tiffany Hsu contributed reporting.Good Friday morning. Here are some of the stories making news in Washington and politics today._____________________• The Senate voted to overturn President Trump’s national emergency declaration at the southwest border, delivering a bipartisan rebuke for what lawmakers in both parties deemed executive overreach. The 59-41 vote on the House-passed measure sets up the first veto of Mr. Trump’s presidency.• House Republicans joined Democrats to demand that the Justice Department publicly release the full findings of Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russia’s interference in the 2016 election and the possible involvement of Mr. Trump’s campaign.• Three votes in Congress this week — rebuking Mr. Trump over Saudi Arabia, blocking his national emergency declaration and demanding a public release of the Mueller report — demonstrated a newfound willingness among some of Mr. Trump’s Republican allies to stand up to him.• Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has been personally pushing China to give the American film industry greater access to its markets. That has raised ethical questions, given his ties to Hollywood.• Mr. Mnuchin signaled that he would block a congressional request to obtain Mr. Trump’s tax returns on privacy grounds, setting up a potential legal battle if Democrats follow through.• New evidence suggests that Russian spies used networks run by Aleksej Gubarev, a tech entrepreneur, to hack the Democratic Party in 2016 — much as the so-called Steele dossier, which purported to detail Russian interference in the election, alleged.• Facing billions of dollars in cleanup costs, the Pentagon is pushing the Trump administration to adopt a weaker standard for groundwater pollution caused by chemicals that have commonly been used at military bases.• Afghanistan’s national security adviser accused the American special envoy of seeking personal benefit by sidelining the Afghan government in peace talks with the Taliban, “increasing the legitimacy of the Taliban” and “decreasing the legitimacy of the Afghan government.”_____________________Today’s On Politics briefing was compiled by Isabella Grullón Paz in New York.Were you forwarded this newsletter? Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox.Is there anything you think we’re missing? Anything you want to see more of? We’d love to hear from you. Email us at onpolitics@nytimes.com.On a sunny Saturday morning in New York a few months ago, a group of 50 start-up founders gathered in the dank basement of a Lower East Side bar. They scribbled notes at long tables, sipping coffee and LaCroix while a stack of pizza boxes emanated the odor of hot garlic. One by one, they gave testimonials taking aim at something nearly sacred in the technology industry: venture capital.Josh Haas, the co-founder of Bubble, a software-writing start-up, told the group that he and venture capitalists “were pretty much totally on different wavelengths” about the trajectory of his business.Seph Skerritt, the founder of Proper Cloth, a clothing company, said that the hype around raising money was a trap. “They try to make you feel inferior if you’re not playing that game,” he said.The event had been organized by Frank Denbow, 33, a fixture of New York’s tech scene and the founder of T-shirt start-up Inka.io, to bring together start-up founders who have begun to question the investment framework that has supercharged their field. By encouraging companies to expand too quickly, Mr. Denbow said, venture capital can make them “accelerate straight into the ground.”The V.C. business model, on which much of the modern tech industry was built, is simple: Start-ups raise piles of money from investors, and then use the cash to grow aggressively — faster than the competition, faster than regulators, faster than most normal businesses would consider sane. Larger and larger rounds of funding follow.The end goal is to sell or go public, producing astonishing returns for early investors. The setup has spawned household names like Facebook, Google and Uber, as well as hundreds of other so-called unicorn companies valued at more than $1 billion.But for every unicorn, there are countless other start-ups that grew too fast, burned through investors’ money and died — possibly unnecessarily. Start-up business plans are designed for the rosiest possible outcome, and the money intensifies both successes and failures. Social media is littered with tales of companies that withered under the pressure of hypergrowth, were crushed by so-called “toxic V.C.s” or were forced to raise too much venture capital — something known as the “foie gras effect.”Now a counter movement, led by entrepreneurs who are jaded by the traditional playbook, is rejecting that model. While still a small part of the start-up community, these founders have become more vocal in the last year as they connect venture capitalists’ insatiable appetite for growth to the tech industry’s myriad crises.Would Facebook’s leadership have ignored warning signs of Russian election meddling or allowed its platform to incite racial violence if it hadn’t, in its early days, prized moving fast and breaking things? Would Uber have engaged in dubious regulatory and legal strategies if it hadn’t prioritized expansion over all else? Would the tech industry be struggling with gender and race discrimination if the investors funding it were a little less homogeneous?“The tool of venture capital is so specific to a tiny, tiny fraction of companies. We can’t let ourselves be fooled into thinking that’s the story of the future of American entrepreneurship,” said Mara Zepeda, a 38-year-old entrepreneur who in 2017 helped start an advocacy organization called Zebras Unite. Its members include start-up founders, investors and foundations focused on encouraging a more ethical industry with greater gender and racial diversity. The group now has 40 chapters and 1,200 members around the world.“The more we believe that myth, the more we overlook tremendous opportunities,” Ms. Zepeda said in an interview.Some of the groups are rejecting venture capital because they’ve been excluded from the traditional V.C. networks. Aniyia Williams, who started the nonprofit Black & Brown Founders, said a venture-funded system that encourages many failures for every one success is particularly unfair to black, latinx and women founders who “are rarely afforded the opportunity to fail, period.” Members of these organizations, she added, see more value when whole groups in their communities thrive, rather than venture’s winner-take-all model.Other founders have decided the expectations that come with accepting venture capital aren’t worth it. Venture investing is a high-stakes game in which companies are typically either wild successes or near total failures.“Big problems have occurred when you have founders who have unwillingly or unknowingly signed on for an outcome they didn’t know they were signing on for,” said Josh Kopelman, a venture investor at First Round Capital, an early backer of Uber, Warby Parker and Ring.He said he was happy that companies were embracing alternatives to venture capital. “I sell jet fuel,” he said, “and some people don’t want to build a jet.”Right now, that jet fuel seems unlimited. Venture capital investments into United States-based companies ballooned to $99.5 billion in 2018, the highest level since 2000, according to CB Insights, a data provider. And the investments have expanded beyond software and hardware into anything that is tech-adjacent — dog walking, health care, coffee shops, farming, electric toothbrushes.But people like Sandra Oh Lin, the chief executive of KiwiCo, a seller of children’s activity kits, say that more money isn’t necessary. Ms. Oh Lin raised a little over $10 million in venture funding between 2012 and 2014, but she is now rebuffing offers of more just as her company has hit on a product people want — the very moment when investors would love to pour more gas on the fire. KiwiCo is profitable and had nearly $100 million in sales in 2018, a 65 percent increase over the prior year, Ms. Oh Lin said.“We are aggressive about growth, but we are not a company that chases growth at all costs,” Ms. Oh Lin said. “We want to build a company that lasts.”Entrepreneurs are even finding ways to undo money they took from venture capital funds. Wistia, a video software company, used debt to buy out its investors last summer, declaring a desire to pursue sustainable, profitable growth. Buffer, a social media-focused software company, used its profits to do the same in August. Afterward, Joel Gascoigne, its co-founder and chief executive, received more than 100 emails from other founders who were inspired — or jealous.“The V.C. path forces you into this binary outcome of acquisition or I.P.O., or pretty much bust,” Mr. Gascoigne said. “People are starting to question that.”Who dares question the hoodieVenture capital wasn’t always the default way to grow a company. But in the last decade, its gospel of technological disruption has infiltrated every corner of the business world. Old-line companies from Campbell Soup to General Electric started venture operations and accelerator programs to foster innovation. Sprint and UBS hired WeWork to make their offices more start-up-like.At the same time, start-up culture — hoodies and all — entered the mainstream on the back of celebrity investors like Ashton Kutcher, TV shows like “Shark Tank” and movies like “The Social Network.” Few questioned the Silicon Valley model for creating the next Google, Facebook or Uber.Those who tried to buck the conventional method experienced harsh trade-offs. Bank loans are typically small, and banks are reluctant to lend money to software companies, which have no hard assets to use as collateral. Founders who eschew venture capital often wind up leaning on their life savings or credit cards.Jessica Rovello and Kenny Rosenblatt, the entrepreneurs behind Arkadium, a gaming start-up founded in 2001, initially avoided raising venture money. It took four years before the business earned enough to pay them a salary. The sacrifices were “very real and very intense,” Ms. Rovello said. Nevertheless, the business grew steadily and profitably to 150 employees.By 2013, though, as investors poured capital into some rivals, the lure of easy money became too tempting to pass up, and the company raised $5 million. Tensions ensued as Arkadium’s investors expected the company to continue raising money with the goal of selling or going public. Ms. Rovello wanted to keep running the company profitably, growing revenue at 20 percent per year and developing a new product that could take years to pay off.In September, Arkadium used its profits to buy out the investors, allowing the company to remain independent and grow on its own terms. Ms. Rovello said she had no regrets about stepping off the venture-funded path.“If your end game is having a business that you love and continuing to thrive and making careers for people,” she said, “then I’m winning.”New kinds of capitalIn September, Tyler Tringas, a 33-year-old entrepreneur based in Rio, announced plans to offer a different kind of start-up financing, in the form of equity investments that companies can repay as a percent of their profits. Mr. Tringas said his firm, Earnest Capital, will have $6 million to invest in 10 to 12 companies per year.Hundreds of emails have poured in since the announcement, Mr. Tringas said in an interview. “They’re almost entirely from people who assumed there was no form of capital that matched any version of their expectations,” he said.Earnest Capital joins a growing list of firms, including Lighter Capital, Purpose Ventures, TinySeed, Village Capital, Sheeo, XXcelerate Fund and Indie.vc, that offer founders different ways to obtain money. Many use variations of revenue- or profit-based loans. Those loans, though, are often available only to companies that already have a product to sell and an incoming cash stream.Other companies are inspired by the investor buyouts executed by Buffer, Wistia and Arkadium, and are asking investors to agree to similar deals — at potentially lower returns on their investments — in the future.Indie.vc, based in Salt Lake City and part of the investment firm O’Reilly AlphaTech Ventures, offers start-ups the option to buy back the firm’s shares as a portion of their total sales. That caps the firm’s return at three times its investment. In the typical venture capital model, the earnings for a home-run deal are limitless.When Indie.vc started three years ago, it saw two or three applications a week, mostly from venture capital rejects. Now it gets as many as 10 applications a week, mostly from companies that could raise venture capital but don’t want to, said Bryce Roberts, the firm’s founder.“We think there is going to be a tsunami of entrepreneurs who have experienced the one-size-fits-all venture model and want to cherry-pick the pieces of it that work for them,” Mr. Roberts said.Some venture capitalists have applauded the shift; their style of high-risk investing is not right for many companies. In a recent blog post, Founder Collective, a firm that has invested in Uber and BuzzFeed, praised Mr. Roberts’s offerings while warning founders of the dangers of traditional funding. “Venture capital isn’t bad, but it is dangerous,” the post reads. The firm created ominous warning labels and brochures to send to its companies.Privately, some venture capitalists have bemoaned the way they’re locked into rigid investment mandates with perverse incentives. “We heard from many investors who said, ‘I can’t say this publicly, but I’m in the machine and I know it’s broken, and I know there is a better way,’” Ms. Zepeda said.Others have dismissed the trend, according to Mr. Roberts. “It’s amazing how thin-skinned and threatened V.C.s tend to be around people who question their model,” he said.Even if venture capitalists ignore the companies rejecting their model, some of their investors — endowments, pension funds and mutual funds — are exploring ways to participate. The tech industry’s year of bad headlines has inspired some soul-searching.“I think we should, as investors, take seriously our role in driving some of these destabilizing forces in society,” said Rukaiyah Adams, chief investment officer at Meyer Memorial Trust, an investor in venture capital funds and nonprofits. “As one of the controllers of capital, I’m raising my hand and saying, ‘Wait a minute, let’s really think about this.’”Still, the new growth models represent a tiny percentage of the broader start-up funding market. And venture capitalists continue to aggressively pitch their wares — even to companies that aren’t interested.Notion, a collaboration software company based in San Francisco, has just nine employees and close to one million users, many of whom pay $8 a month. The company is handily profitable. Aside from a small seed round in 2013, it has avoided outside funding.Venture capitalists, desperate to get a piece of the company, have dug up Notion’s office address and sent its founders cookie dough, dog treats and physical letters, company executives said. Every few months, a new investor inevitably shows up unannounced at Notion’s gate.Notion’s ambitions are big — the company wants to replace Microsoft Office. But its executives don’t believe they need hundreds of millions of dollars in financing to do it, nor do they want the strings that come attached.“We’re not anti-V.C.,” said Akshay Kothari, the company’s chief operating officer. “We’re just thinking for ourselves, rather than for them or other peers.”PARIS — Plans by a major sporting goods company in France to sell a hijab designed for runners have incited yet another debate over what Muslim women wear, exposing once again the tensions between secularism and religion in the country.France’s longstanding attitudes toward feminism, secularism and the integration of immigrants are at the root of the many controversies, but they are also fueled by recent fears about Islamist terrorism, along with the rise of social media.The most recent debate centers on plans by Decathlon, Europe’s largest sporting goods retailer, to sell the hijab, which covers the wearer’s head and neck. Criticism quickly came from many quarters, with one lawmaker saying that the debate laid bare “this obsession around the veil and Islam.”What is the Decathlon controversy? Decathlon had started selling the sports hijab in Morocco last week and planned to do so in France. The move was quickly criticized on social media, and several politicians expressed discomfort about the product being sold in France. Some even suggested a boycott.“My choice as a woman and a citizen will be to no longer trust a brand that breaks with our values,” said Aurore Bergé, a spokeswoman for Republic on the Move, President Emmanuel Macron’s party. “Those who tolerate women in the public space only when they are hiding are not lovers of freedom.”Decathlon initially stood firm, arguing that it was focused on “democratizing” sports and that Muslim women often ran with “ill-adapted” hijabs.“Our goal is simple: to offer them a suitable sports product, without judging,” the company said in a statement on Twitter.It’s unclear why Decathlon became the focus of such criticism. Nike already sells hijabs for runners in France, but it has not faced the same scrutiny, possibly because it’s not a French brand. Some politicians defended Decathlon, with Aurélien Taché, a representative from Mr. Macron’s party, saying that France “would do well” without “this obsession around the veil and Islam.”But Decathlon backtracked and on Tuesday, halting its plans to sell the sports hijab in France after — it said — salespeople were threatened in stores, some physically, and after it received hundreds of calls and emails.One message accused the company of “betraying” France and “contributing to the Islamist invasion,” the company said.Muslim women’s clothing has often spurred debate.Since 2011, it has been illegal to wear a face-covering veil in public in France, but the hijab does not fall into that category. Still, in recent years, Muslim women wearing the hijab and other garments have prompted friction — locally and on a national scale.Last year, Maryam Pougetoux, a student union leader drew public ire after appearing on television wearing a head scarf.In the summer of 2016, a nationwide debate erupted over the “burkini,” the full-body bathing suit designed for practicing Muslim women; the item was briefly banned in some coastal towns in southern France.In some cases, other pieces of clothing have become the target of critics. In 2015, a French school sent a 15-year-old student home, saying that her long skirt was an “ostentatious sign” of her Muslim faith.A French concept becomes a source of friction. Since 2004, it has been illegal for students to wear any visible signs of religious affiliation.Laïcité, the concept of state secularism, is a defining principle of the French republic, but it has often been a point of friction between Muslims and the state. “France is a very secular society, which can be very virulent against any kind of religious expression, even those that are legal or do not threaten public order,” said Nicolas Cadène, a senior member of the Observatory of Secularism, an agency that assists the government in enforcing laïcité. The European Union’s highest court ruled in 2017 that employer bans on hijabs in the private sector could be legal. But the debate about the veil is no longer about its legality, but rather its symbolism. On the right and far right, it is often seen as a rebuke of France’s secular values and a sign of a lack of integration. Across the political spectrum, the veil is often seen as an intrinsic symbol of submission that goes against gender equality, even when worn freely. Some feminists say that wearing it sends the wrong signal to women elsewhere in the world who are fighting to live without it.Marlène Schiappa, the junior minister for gender equality, wrote in The HuffPost on Wednesday that women should be allowed to wear the hijab, but that it was necessary to “question that choice.”But others feminists and politicians on the left, as well as Muslim advocacy groups, argue that it is hypocritical to say hijab-wearing women are withdrawing from French society while criticizing garments like the burkini or sports hijabs designed to help them feel comfortable in public life.What do French Muslim women say? Sylvie Eberena, 38, a Muslim entrepreneur and coach who runs a fitness website, said she found the discussions over attire “exhausting.”“It’s not about politics or religion,” she said. “Every human being wants to feel good within their own bodies, so if a piece of clothing can help with that, why not?”Since she began appearing in fitness videos wearing her hijab nearly a decade ago, Ms. Eberena said, she has seen many more veiled women practicing sports.Laura Cha, a spokeswoman for the Muslim feminist organization Lallab, added that “for those who are not directly impacted by the hijab, it’s just one more controversy, but for Muslim women, it has some nefarious, long-lasting consequences.”“It’s a shame that Decathlon didn’t stand firm,” Laetitia Gahoudi, 37, a Muslim entrepreneur and personal trainer, said on Wednesday. “But we didn’t wait for Decathlon to sell a runner’s hijab to work out with our head scarves. And we will keep working out without them.”(Reuters) - The most powerful operational rocket in the world, SpaceX’s Falcon Heavy, launched its first commercial mission on Thursday from Florida in a key demonstration for billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk's space company in the race to grasp lucrative military launch contracts.The 23-story-tall Heavy, which previously launched Musk’s cherry red Tesla roadster to space in a 2018 debut test flight, blasted off from Florida’s Kennedy Space Center carrying its first customer payload."T plus 33 seconds into flight, under the power of 5.1 million pounds of thrust, Falcon Heavy is headed to space," SpaceX launch commentator John Insprucker said on a livestream. Roughly three minutes after clearing the pad, Heavy’s two side boosters separated from the core rocket for a synchronized landing at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, sparking boisterous cheers from SpaceX engineers in the company's Hawthorne, California headquarters.  The middle booster, after pushing the payload into space, returned nearly 10 minutes later for a successful landing on SpaceX's seafaring drone ship 400 miles (645 km) off the Florida coast. In the 2018 test mission, Heavy's core booster missed the vessel and crashed into the Atlantic Ocean. “The Falcons have landed” Musk wrote on Twitter, inaugurating the first successful recovery of all three rocket boosters, which will be refurbished and re-fly in another Falcon Heavy mission this summer to carry a swarm of military and science satellites for the Air Force.Liftoff with Heavy’s new military-certified Falcon 9 engines was crucial in the race with Boeing-Lockheed venture United Launch Alliance and Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin as Musk’s SpaceX, working to flight-prove its rocket fleet one mission at a time, aims to clinch a third of all U.S. National Security Space missions - coveted military contracts worth billions.The U.S. Air Force tapped SpaceX in 2018 to launch for $130 million a classified military satellite and in February added three more missions in a $297 million contract. SpaceX and Boeing Co are vying to send humans to space from U.S. soil for the first time in nearly a decade under NASA’s Commercial Crew Program. SpaceX’s Crew Dragon capsule, atop a Falcon 9 rocket, cleared its first unmanned test flight in March ahead of its crewed mission planned for July, while the first unmanned test for Boeing’s Starliner capsule is slated for August on ULA’s Atlas 5 rocket. Falcon Heavy carried a communications satellite for Saudi-based telecom firm Arabsat, which will beam internet and television services over Africa, Europe and the Middle East.Privately owned SpaceX, also known as Space Exploration Technologies Corp, was founded in 2002 by Musk, who is also a co-founder of electric car maker Tesla Inc. (Reporting by Joey Roulette; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together.It was mid-January, and I had just reported that New York City had sued a group of current and former real estate professionals who supposedly used Airbnb to convert more than 100 apartments across the city into illegal hotel rooms for tourists.The allegations were staggering.Over three years, they lodged almost 76,000 guests across 35 residential buildings, including an entire seven-unit building that was unlawfully rented to tourists through Airbnb, the lawsuit said. The city claimed the operation brought in more than $20 million in revenue by violating laws and Airbnb’s own restrictions.How exactly did they pull it off?That was the question posed to me by Cliff Levy, my boss, and Dodai Stewart, my editor. The 2,500-word answer to that question is the basis for my article “Inside the Rise and Fall of a Multimillion-Dollar Airbnb Scheme,” which offers a look at how cunning entrepreneurs exploit Airbnb’s platform to turn a profit.I’ve covered housing for the Metro desk for almost a year, writing mostly about the city’s struggle to fix its crumbling public housing system. I’ve also covered New York City’s continuing clash with Airbnb, one of several regulatory battles the city has had with tech giants, like Uber, as it deciphers the impact of the so-called sharing economy on New Yorkers.Critics of Airbnb argue that many people use the platform to convert residential apartments into de facto hotels for tourists, worsening the city’s tight rental market and affordable housing crisis. There are laws in place to prevent this conduct, but they are often abused and the city has filed several lawsuits to take down unlawful Airbnbs before. This year, the city sued a real estate developer who supposedly used Airbnb to rent out 13 Manhattan apartments to travelers and made $1.1 million in revenue.But the lawsuit I reported on was the biggest yet, seeking more than $20 million from the defendants.As I began to pore over the hundreds of court documents, the inner workings of the operation became clearer. A complex web of corporations were set up to receive payments, about 100 different host accounts were created and dozens of misleading identities were used to book tourists since at least 2015, the documents revealed.I interviewed city officials, questioned landlords whose buildings were improperly used to book guests and spoke to tourists who had stayed at the apartments.It appeared a handful of people had engineered a commercial operation against local regulations, listing more than 100 apartments on Airbnb and using multiple email addresses to circumvent the company’s own rule of one apartment per host.The article was also a collaborative effort. With the help of Sarah Almukhtar, a graphics editor, we mapped out the locations of the Airbnb apartments, which stretched south from Harlem to trendy neighborhoods like Chelsea and SoHo.Doris Burke, a researcher at The Times, dug up old lawsuits against the business partners behind the alleged scheme. That led to me to building owners who claimed they had been deceived by the partners, who supposedly signed leases for apartments in their buildings and then rented them to tourists through Airbnb without the landlord’s knowledge. And Derek Norman, a news assistant, helped me track down tenants who had grown irritated with Airbnbs in their buildings.Ziograin Correa had lived with his wife and children for more than two years at a building in East Harlem. Mr. Correa said he had a recurring leak in his apartment, and he would often knock on the door of the unit above his. He gradually realized it was an Airbnb, believing the leak was never fixed because there was never a tenant who lived there long enough to address the issue.“When I went up there, there was a family from Mexico,” he said. “Then it happened again, and I went up and there was a family from China. Then I started to notice all the luggage. It was ridiculous.”Perhaps the most revealing part of my reporting was landing an interview with one of the men the city had accused: Max Beckman, a 35-year-old former real estate broker originally from Israel.Despite his legal troubles, Mr. Beckman accepted my request for an interview. “You can get all the facts and make a big publication," he told me in an email before our interview at his lawyer’s office.To my surprise, he spoke openly about quitting his job in 2015 to pursue his Airbnb venture full time, despite the legal risks, and described how the operation worked. He also talked about the aftermath of the lawsuit and the pressure of breaking scores of apartment leases after the city forced him to shut down his business.Many people asked me why I thought Mr. Beckman, who described himself as a disruptive entrepreneur, talked to us.Ultimately, Mr. Beckman seemed to genuinely believe that what he was doing should be legal and that the state should consider lifting restrictions on Airbnb so people like him can make money by lodging tourists.“Let’s make New York great again,” he told me. “Put that in your article.”SAN FRANCISCO — Vini Letteri, a managing director at KKR who invests in tech companies, had a slow 2018.Mr. Letteri, a venture capitalist who manages a $714 million fund, tried to put some of that money into 12 tech start-ups last year — but failed when they demanded too rich a price. In some cases, he said, his offers to invest were outbid by as much as 40 percent. The only investment he led in 2018 was a $360 million deal in OutSystems, a software company in Atlanta.So here’s what Mr. Letteri is not-so-secretly hoping for in 2019: a downturn in the private start-up market.“When the market turns, we’re prepared to be more aggressive,” he said. He added that he had sketched out a “downturn list” of 150 targets — including financial tech, cybersecurity, and consumer internet companies — in case they become cheaper.Mr. Letteri is one of a growing number of venture capitalists rooting for a market dip to calm the overheated start-up scene. For the past few years, Silicon Valley tech start-ups have been awash in a stream of cash that has allowed them to expand quickly and sell or go public at high valuations. Yet that drove up the costs of deal making for venture capitalists, who often prefer to invest in young companies at lower prices in the hopes of making a bigger return later.Now some of these investors may get their wish for a market decline. Stocks tumbled late last year, led by tech giants such as Facebook and Apple, amid fears of slowing economic growth and a trade war with China. And so far this year, the stock market has swung wildly, whipsawed by confusing signals including Apple’s disappointing iPhone sales in China and American employers adding more jobs than expected last month.While it takes time for choppiness in the stock market to ripple out into the start-up market, many venture investors are already preparing for a downturn. Some are setting aside money to pounce on investments and are preparing to write bigger checks with the expectation that new investors who flooded in in recent years will flee. And they are keeping closer tabs on companies that were too expensive to invest in last year.“We definitely want to take advantage of a market downturn,” said Sandy Miller, a venture capitalist at IVP who projects that start-up valuations will fall by 10 percent to 40 percent this year. He said his Silicon Valley venture firm has set aside “meaningful reserves” to do more deals and to put more money into companies it has already invested in, though he declined to specify an amount.Silicon Valley investors have long complained that start-up valuations have gotten too expensive, given that the start-up ecosystem has been on a bull run since at least 2015. That has minted an unprecedented number of “unicorn” start-ups, which are valued at more than $1 billion, including now-giant companies such as Uber and Airbnb.But the rising valuations have only continued to climb in the last year. In 2018, the median company valuation for one category of mature start-ups more than doubled to $420 million, up from $183 million in 2017, according to Carta, a provider of valuation software and services. And in a 2017 National Bureau of Economic Research study of 135 unicorn start-ups, researchers concluded the companies were overvalued by an average of 50 percent.“There’s too much heat around good, not necessarily great, companies” that are older, said Mamoon Hamid, a partner at the venture firm Kleiner Perkins. Even one “good, not great” company he recently met with had 13 investment offers, he said. The upshot: Kleiner did not invest.Greg Sands, a managing partner at Costanoa Ventures, said his venture firm walked away from three investments in 2018 where the price was 30 percent higher than he was willing to pay, an increase from past years. He also screened out numerous companies that were asking for more money than seemed reasonable — yet some of those companies then went on to raise triple that amount from other investors.“What’s happening right now isn’t sustainable and it won’t go on forever. It can’t,” he said. Costanoa raised a $75 million “opportunity fund,”, which Mr. Sands said would give it the ability to do more deals when the market cools down.Many other venture capital firms are also in a position to become more aggressive in case of a market downturn. Venture funds raised $30.2 billion in the first three quarters of last year, on track to surpass 2017’s total of $35.3 billion, according to PitchBook, a data provider.Start-up founders also appear to be preparing for a potential shift in fortunes. In a survey conducted late last year by First Round Capital, a venture capital firm, just under half of 529 entrepreneurs said they expected fund-raising to become more difficult in 2019. A third said they believed the tech bubble was close to popping, a 10-point increase over 2017.Some start-ups are raising more money to weather the uncertainty, according to Kirsten Green, a managing partner at Forerunner Ventures. Others are creating backup plans to cut costs so their survival won’t depend on new funding.Not all venture capitalists want a downturn, especially if it will throw a wrench into the plans of some of the biggest unicorns — such as Uber, Lyft, Pinterest and Slack — to go public. Many investors are eager to cash out of those companies when they stage an initial public offering.“You always want a better market,” said Micah Rosenbloom, a managing partner at Founder Collective, which was an early investor in Uber. “In a crisis, everything gets hard. You’d rather have your companies in good times for everything from hiring to sales.”Still, Mr. Rosenbloom said he also saw opportunity in a downturn. His firm’s two most successful investments — Uber and the Trade Desk, a digital advertising company — were created in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.In previous downturns, the less serious entrepreneurs disappeared, leaving the most committed ones, said David Pakman, a partner at venture firm Venrock. “During those periods, some incredible companies were founded by highly determined entrepreneurs,” he said. “The cream rose to the top.”After Kanye and Adidas, and Rihanna and Puma; after Questlove and Nike, and Kendrick Lamar and Reebok, it was only a matter of time. And on Thursday, the first lady of Everything, Beyoncé Knowles, entered the sneaker wars.Adidas announced that it would collaborate with Ms. Knowles on several endeavors, including a signature collection with Adidas and an expansion of the singer’s active-wear brand, Ivy Park. She will be a creative partner at Adidas.In a statement, Ms. Knowles called the coming collaboration the “partnership of a lifetime” and touted a shared philosophy “that puts creativity, growth and social responsibility at the forefront of business.”The pop star and entrepreneur will retain ownership of Ivy Park, which was introduced in 2016 in partnership with Topshop and sells comfort wear and athleisure at retailers including Nordstrom. In 2018, Ms. Knowles acquired full ownership of the company after Sir Philip Green, Topshop’s owner, was accused of racial abuse and sexual harassment.Little financial information about Ivy Park is available, and it is unclear how successful the brand has been. It was immediately popular upon its release in 2016. On Thursday, its website had been altered to broadcast the Adidas partnership.The Beyoncé/Adidas collaboration is perhaps the most notable partnership between a superstar and a sports brand yet, and it indicates the consumer and social power that can be derived from such cross-branding. It is also a tribute to the lane Rihanna paved in 2014 when she became a creative director and global ambassador at Puma, back when it was still a novel idea that an entertainer might lend her name to a company best known for athletic apparel. (Rihanna parted ways with Puma and is now said to be working with LVMH on her own luxury brand.)Championing women and girls has become a key part of Adidas’s public relations strategy. This month, the company announced a new phase of its “She Breaks Barriers” initiative, which highlights the lack of equal media coverage for women’s sports in the United States. Ms. Knowles has positioned herself as a political voice for black Americans and for women, including through her musical examination of her marriage and her 2018 Coachella performance, which gave a platform to historically black colleges. She will amplify these messages, and those Adidas has already pushed, by giving the company her imprimatur.“Beyoncé is an iconic creator but also a proven business leader, and together, we have the ability to inspire change and empower the next generation of creators,” said Eric Liedtke, a member of the executive board of Adidas AG.Adidas’s “multilayered” partnership with Ms. Knowles will include a program whose resources will be given over to “the next generation of athletes, creators and leaders.”Last July, Forbes estimated that Ms. Knowles was worth $355 million, citing her most recent solo album, “Lemonade,” her million-dollar-grossing tour with her husband Jay-Z and the value of her stake in his streaming service, Tidal. LONDON — Apple responded on Friday to antitrust claims made by the music streaming service Spotify, saying its policies are fair and accusing its rival of being motivated by a need to bolster financial results.Spotify filed a complaint with European regulators this week, accusing Apple of using its App Store to undercut companies that compete with its own services, like Apple Music.In a statement published on its website, Apple said that Spotify was not treated any differently from the millions of other developers that use the App Store.Apple accused Spotify of trying to use the advantages of the App Store, which provides access to millions of Apple users, without having to pay fees that Apple says are necessary to keep the marketplace thriving. Apple charges a fee of up to 30 percent for anything sold through the App Store.“Spotify is asking to keep all those benefits while also retaining 100 percent of the revenue,” Apple said. “Spotify wouldn’t be the business they are today without the App Store ecosystem, but now they’re leveraging their scale to avoid contributing to maintaining that ecosystem for the next generation of app entrepreneurs.”The dispute highlights a larger debate about the role of large tech platforms like Apple, Amazon, Facebook and Google, and whether their size and power impede competition. Amazon is the subject of a European antitrust investigation related to its treatment of independent sellers on its marketplace. Google was fined by the European Commission last year for antitrust violations stemming from its Android operating system.“When the company that runs a platform also competes with businesses that depend on that platform, we face the risk that it could use its power to drive out competition in not one market but dozens,” Margrethe Vestager, Europe’s antitrust chief, said in a speech this week.Apple said the App Store had created millions of jobs and generated more than $120 billion for developers since its introduction in 2008. It ushered in a new era of mobile computing, allowing companies like Instagram, Uber and others to reach users.Spotify’s app has been downloaded more than 300 million times, according to Apple.“The App Store is a safe, secure platform where users can have faith in the apps they discover and the transactions they make,” Apple said. “And developers, from first-time engineers to larger companies, can rest assured that everyone is playing by the same set of rules.”“Dumbo” was no runt — but it was no mammoth hit, either.Nearly eight decades after the 1941 original, Disney’s live-action “Dumbo” arrived in theaters this weekend to $45 million in ticket sales, topping the domestic box office. But that figure fell slightly below analysts’ expectations of around $50 million, and overall made for a moderately disappointing opening for the Tim Burton film, which reportedly had a production budget of $170 million. An additional $71 million in overseas sales brings its global weekend total to $116 million.Like the animated original, Burton’s “Dumbo” follows the trials and eventual triumph of an elephant outcast. Unlike the original, the new film is led by famous flesh-and-blood actors: Danny DeVito, Colin Farrell, Eva Green and Michael Keaton. It’s a darker (if PG-rated) take on the story, with DeVito playing the owner of a scrappy circus that gets bought by a powerful big-city entrepreneur and amusement-park owner (Keaton), who intends to exploit the circus’s discovery of Dumbo, the flying elephant.[Read our critic’s review of “Dumbo.”]“Dumbo” is the latest in a string of live-action, C.G.I.-buttressed Disney remakes. Its slight underperformance may be due in part to the unenthusiastic reception it received from most critics — it currently holds a 50 percent fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes. By comparison, last year’s Winnie-the-Pooh tale from Disney, “Christopher Robin,” received 72 percent positive reviews, and 2017’s live-action “Beauty and the Beast” holds 71 percent. Remakes of “Aladdin” and “The Lion King” are slated for release later this year.There probably wasn’t much competition between “Dumbo” and this weekend’s other big movie.Universal’s “Us,” Jordan’s Peele’s family-unfriendly follow-up to his landmark 2017 feature debut, “Get Out,” easily landed in second place, selling $33.6 million in tickets according to Comscore, which compiles box-office data. That’s more than enough to send its cumulative sales past the $100 million mark: after two weekends, the film has now made about $128.2 million domestically.That puts “Us” slightly ahead of where 2018’s “Halloween” was after its second weekend. “Halloween,” which carried both the name recognition and baggage of a 40-year-old franchise, had a North American total of about $126.7 million by that point. But it also had a significantly higher debut weekend ($77.5 million versus the $70.3 million brought in by “Us”).The other newcomer in the top five was Pure Flix’s “Unplanned,” an R-rated Christian drama about a young woman who founds an anti-abortion organization. That movie opened to $6.1 million this weekend, landing in fifth place. Neon’s “The Beach Bum,” the latest comedy from the director Harmony Korine which stars Matthew McConaughey as a Florida pothead, flopped with just $1.8 million in domestic sales.Welcome to Crossing the Border, a limited-run weekly newsletter from The New York Times. Like what you see? Send this to a friend. If someone forwarded it to you, sign up here to have the next issue delivered to your inbox.In Tijuana, one highly curated taste of MexicoFloating above the cactus-pear cocktails and gourmet tacos, a green mosaic rises above the plaza just on the Mexico side of the Tijuana border: ESTACION FEDERAL. There are Edison-bulb patio lights and metal fire pits. Textures of reclaimed wood and concrete and succulents. In the back, a food truck doubles as a southwestern mural, a blur of orange and yellow and purple.This Instagram-ready commons in chaotic Tijuana is the brainchild of Miguel Marshall, a cross-border entrepreneur whose vision of a binational border between Mexico and the United States has grown even more resolute in the era of President Trump. He is the chief executive of Centro Ventures, a Tijuana-based real estate development company that is creating work-and-living spaces like this, with carefully curated food, coffee, co-working units and even Airbnb lofts.Mr. Marshall’s entrepreneurial work has earned him cachet among business leaders in Mexico and the United States. He has been designated as one of Tijuana’s “global shapers” by the World Economic Forum, which holds the annual gathering of world economic leaders in Davos, Switzerland.Estacion Federal is just a five-minute walk from Mexico’s El Chaparral border crossing, “a little south of south San Diego, a little north of north Tijuana,” as the spot is promoted online. Mr. Marshall sees it as a prototype for rejuvenating the Mexican border city — part artistic community, part commuter waypoint and part gastro-utopia.His vision is to bring Americans and Mexicans together for good food, drinks and conversation.This project is partly grounded in his biography. Mr. Marshall was born in San Diego but grew up in Tijuana. He was named after his father, Michael Marshall, but his parents gave him the Spanish-language version of the name so he would not be bullied in Mexican schools.“I’m a border baby,” he said with a laugh.For several years, the border across the Southwest has been in the midst of an economic boom, with new businesses and stores springing up to serve middle-class Mexican customers who have permission to cross into the United States on day trips. The problem Mr. Marshall sees is that much of the investment along the border, at least in California, has happened on the American side.In San Ysidro — San Diego’s border district, on the American side — visitors can find hundreds of businesses, from big outlet malls to small family shops.On the Mexican side, by contrast, there are miles of run-down homes and parking garages. The neighborhood does little to show visitors Tijuana’s vibrant culture, Mr. Marshall said, or to entice Americans to venture south.“First impressions matter,” said Mr. Marshall, who slips repeatedly between Spanish and English when he talks. “The cross-border lifestyle, we’re trying to brand that as a way of living.”The small Estacion Federal plaza offers vegetarian tacos, pizza, carefully sourced coffee and a cocktail bar. It is all highly curated.On a recent Friday evening at the Cereus Bar, patrons from both sides of the border wore skinny jeans and leather jackets. The aesthetic was familiar — classic American hipsterdom by way of a CB2 catalog — augmented by the sounds and smells and tastes of gourmet Mexico. One of the signature cocktails is a prickly-pear drink made from the juice of cactus fruit — known as “tuna” in Spanish — sourced at Mercado Hidalgo, the famed farmers’ market in Tijuana. It is the most expensive item on the menu: 130 pesos, or a little less than $7.Mr. Marshall said he hoped to draw an American clientele to his plaza, but he also wants Cereus to be a neighborhood bar. He envisions young people leaving work in San Diego and stopping at the pizza and taco shops before a night out in Tijuana’s nightclub district.“The best of both worlds,” he said.—JOSE A. DEL REAL in San Ysidro, Calif., and Tijuana, MexicoJose is one of a team of Times journalists currently deployed along the border. Each week they will be sharing a slice of their reporting about the border and the people who spend time on both sides of it.Do you have questions about life on the border? Or feedback about this newsletter? Email us at: crossingtheborder@nytimes.com.Number of the week: 76,000Some 76,000 migrants crossed the border without authorization in February, according to data released by the United States government on Tuesday.It was the fourth time in five months that the number of migrant families crossing the southwest border has broken records, border enforcement authorities said. The number was more than double the same period last year. Read the full story here, from Caitlin Dickerson, a Times immigration reporter.Miriam Jordan, a Times immigration correspondent, dived into those numbers and explained why, despite President Trump’s efforts to halt the arrival of undocumented migrants, they have continued to rise. The short version? More people from impoverished areas of Central America, and more families instead of single men, are choosing to make the journey. Read that story here. Learn the latest on: Trump border policyThe border has been in the headlines in Washington this week. Here’s how to catch up, and go deeper.• On Wednesday, House Democrats grilled Kirstjen Nielsen, the homeland security secretary, over a host of border issues, including the deaths of migrant children in federal custody and last year’s policy of separating families at the border. She was defiant in the face of criticism of the administration, and defended President Trump’s claim that the situation at the border was a national emergency. Read the story here, and go here for clips of Ms. Nielsen’s testimony.• Ms. Nielsen was questioned about the care migrants receive in custody. A Times investigation found shortfalls in health care provided to migrants, who sometimes arrive with serious illness and injury. Read the story here.• Senate leaders this week announced that, with several Republicans joining the Democrats, they had enough votes to block Mr. Trump’s declaration of a national emergency at the border. It would be a stern rebuke to the president over his plan to fund a wall. Read more about the Republicans who oppose the declaration — and why they do — here. • Meanwhile, Times reporters found that the Trump administration has a surprising new ally in Mexico: the Mexican government. The country’s leaders have promised to defend migrants, but Mexico’s new president, Andrés Manuel López Obrador, is trying to prevent conflict with Mr. Trump, and officials are carrying out the Trump administration’s immigration agenda across wide stretches of the border. Read the story here.Read earlier installments of Crossing the Border here. Sign up here to have the next issue delivered to your inbox.[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]TRENTON — A monthslong effort to legalize marijuana in New Jersey collapsed on Monday after Democrats were unable to muster enough support for the measure, derailing a central campaign pledge by Gov. Philip D. Murphy and leaving the future of the legalization movement in doubt.The failure in the Legislature marks one of the biggest setbacks for Mr. Murphy, who, despite having full Democratic control in the State Senate and Assembly, has faced constant party infighting and has struggled to convince lawmakers of his progressive agenda.Among the most vocal opponents were a handful of African-American Democratic lawmakers who split with their party over legalization, arguing that it would be a public health menace to their communities.The abrupt unraveling of the campaign to legalize marijuana also reflected how some lawmakers were swayed by the challenges faced by other states that have legalized cannabis, including how to keep the drug away from teenagers and prevent people from driving under its influence.The decision to scuttle the vote came after a frantic weekend push by Mr. Murphy to gain the votes he needed in the 40-member Senate.“Certainly, I’m disappointed, but we are not defeated,” Mr. Murphy told reporters. “Justice may be delayed, but justice will not be denied.”But it was unclear on Monday when leaders would revive the legalization effort.The Senate president, Stephen M. Sweeney, said he “might have underestimated the challenge in getting this passed,” though, he too, vowed that he would not abandon the campaign.Supporters of legalization said they were disappointed by the Legislature’s decision, but added that they would continue to press their case.“Legalization is an urgent civil rights issue of our era, and it’s up to advocates in the coming weeks and month to make that urgency clear,” said Amol Sinha, the executive director of the New Jersey chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union.The sweeping bill sought to redress what its supporters have said are the consequences of the war on drugs on minorities, and to tackle concerns about fairness in the multibillion-dollar cannabis industry.The bill would have wiped away criminal records for hundreds of thousands of people convicted of minor drug offenses and legalized recreational marijuana in a state that borders the nation’s biggest city. It would also have given many in prison a chance to be set free and ended parole for many others.The law also aimed to diversify a booming industry that has been dominated by white entrepreneurs in Washington, D.C., and the 11 states where recreational marijuana has been decriminalized. New Jersey would have ensured that members of minority groups, as well as women, have equal access to licenses to sell or cultivate cannabis.“We have the widest white-nonwhite gap of persons incarcerated in America and far and away the biggest contributor is low-end drug offenses,” Mr. Murphy said recently at a news conference.Though polls showed that most New Jersey residents support legalizing marijuana, Mr. Murphy had faced an uphill struggle since he made it one of his top priorities after taking office last year.Some African-American lawmakers, in particular, could not be persuaded to embrace legalization, believing it would bring more harm than good to their communities.“The public has not properly been educated on the topic of recreational marijuana,’’ said Senator Ronald L. Rice, a Democrat who represents Newark and emerged as one of the main opponents of legalization. “People don’t realize, particularly people in urban communities, how it will affect their lives. In urban communities, neighborhoods will struggle against the spread of ‘marijuana bodegas’ disguised as dispensaries.”Still, changes to the bill’s final version, especially beefed-up measures to make it easier to expunge criminal records, attracted widespread support from civil liberties activists and criminal justice advocates in New Jersey and beyond.“My concern had been that legal recreational marijuana has not dealt with the damage that has been disproportionately suffered by blacks and other people of color, and is just setting up people to make a lot of money,” the Rev. Al Sharpton said in an interview before the vote was canceled, adding that the bill was a “national model.’’The effort to legalize marijuana has also been sputtering in New York, where black lawmakers have said they will block the implementation of the potential $3 billion statewide industry if the current bill does not ensure that minority entrepreneurs share in the profits.New Jersey had been taking a more expansive approach than many other states to erase the criminal records of people charged with marijuana-related crimes. Anyone in New Jersey convicted of possessing up to five pounds would have been eligible to have their convictions erased.The state was also seeking to make the expungement process easier by allowing it to be done online, eliminating the requirement to do it in person, which can be time-consuming and expensive.Ever since Mr. Murphy had announced his support for legalizing marijuana as a candidate two years ago, expungement had been central to the debate. Supporters of legalization say stringent drug laws unfairly target minorities: A black resident of the state is three times more likely to be arrested on marijuana-related offenses than a white resident, a recent study found.New Jersey was also moving to rewrite the vast racial and class disparity in the marijuana industry. White ownership makes up more than 80 percent of cannabis businesses across the country, according to a 2017 study.In identifying communities that would have been granted licenses to cultivate, sell, distribute or produce marijuana products, lawmakers focused on places like Newark and Paterson, which have high rates of crime and unemployment. The legislation also would have allowed anyone with a past marijuana conviction to apply for a license to own a cannabis company.The bill would have required that a minimum of 10 percent of licenses be given to smaller business, which are defined as those with 10 or fewer employees.Some leaders in struggling New Jersey cities have said they believe the cannabis industry would benefit their communities.“Social justice and economic development go hand in hand,” Mayor Reed Gusciora of Trenton said last week. “I walk in the streets and talk to many constituents that talk about a prior record and how it’s a hindrance for them to get ahead, get a job.”Still, plenty of opposition to legal marijuana exists and dozens of communities had already voted to ban retail and growing operations in their towns. Some communities had also complained that the 3 percent local tax that could be added to retail sales was too low.New Jersey had pieced together much of its plan from efforts elsewhere, though the state’s program would have featured a few differences.Customers in New Jersey would have been able to have marijuana delivered to their door and would have been allowed to use cannabis in lounge-like settings similar to cannabis cafes found in California, Colorado and several countries in Europe.The campaign also placed New Jersey at the center of a national conversation among Democratic presidential candidates over legalizing marijuana.“All too often, communities of color and low-income individuals are unjustly impacted by our broken drug policies, but by including measures to expunge records and reinvest in the communities most impacted, our state has the opportunity to lead in prioritizing social justice,” Cory Booker, a Democratic United States senator from New Jersey who is running for president, said last week. He has introduced a federal bill that would remove the drug from the list of controlled substances.SUNDAY BUSINESSAn article last Sunday about a group that matches female entrepreneurs with female venture capitalists misidentified the flavors of e-cigarette cartridges sold by Juul. They include fruit flavors, not candy flavors. The article also misidentified the source of a $12.8 billion investment the company received. It was from Altria, not venture capitalists. And it misstated the role that Amanda Eilian’s husband played at Starwood Capital Group. He was an early employee; he was not a founder of the firm.ARTS & LEISUREThis weekend’s cover article about the actors Adam Driver and Keri Russell refers incorrectly to Matthew Rhys’s relationship with Keri Russell. He is her partner, not her husband.•An article on Page 10 about the many characters who have borne the name Captain Marvel misstates the date that the character Monica Rambeau was introduced into the Marvel Comics universe. It was 1982, not 1987.•An article last Sunday about the first Marvel movie to focus principally on a woman misidentified which branch of the military Pappy Boyington served in. It was the Marines, not the Air Force.TRAVELThe 36 Hours column last Sunday, about Ghent, Belgium, misspelled the names of two streets. They are Sluizeken, not Sluizken, and Oudburg, not Oudberg.REAL ESTATEAn article on Feb. 24 about real estate in New Zealand misidentified New Zealand’s capital. Wellington is the capital city, not Auckland. (Auckland is the country’s largest city.)MAGAZINEAn article on Feb. 17 about women in coding misstated the name of a group that supports women working in artificial intelligence. It is Women of A.I., not Women in A.I.•An interview on Feb. 24 with John Legend erroneously attributed a distinction to his earning one each of the Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony Awards. He is the second-youngest — not the youngest — to have done so. (The songwriter Robert Lopez is the youngest.)•Editors’ Note: An article on Feb. 17 about women in coding cited a study conducted by the firm Speak With a Geek into gender-blind tech-job applications. After the article’s publication, questions were raised about the study. Upon further review, the magazine has been unable to confirm that this study was undertaken as described, and so reference to it has been removed from the online version of the article.BOOK REVIEWA review on Feb. 24 about the Y.A. thriller “The Waning Age,” by S.E. Grove, misspelled the first name of the novel’s protagonist. She is Natalia Peña, not Natalie.•The Paperback Row column on Feb. 10 misstated the relationship between King Charles I of England and Elizabeth Stuart, known as the Winter Queen. She was his sister, not his daughter.Errors are corrected during the press run whenever possible, so some errors noted here may not have appeared in all editions.To contact the newsroom regarding correction requests, complaints or other comments about our coverage, please email nytnews@nytimes.com or call 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397).Comments on editorials may be emailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637) or email customercare@nytimes.com.Chadwick Boseman stars in a Thurgood Marshall biopic. And “Magic Mike” is on CMT.What’s on TVMARSHALL (2017) 8 p.m. on Showtime. “The only way to get through a bigot’s door,” Chadwick Boseman says in this Thurgood Marshall biopic, “is to break it down.” That captures the punchiness of this film, in which Boseman stars as the civil rights lawyer who became the first African-American to sit on the Supreme Court. With confidence and unexpected humor, it focuses on a 1941 case in which Marshall defended Joseph Spell, a black chauffeur and butler (played by Sterling K. Brown) accused of sexual assault by his rich, white boss (Kate Hudson). The case predates Brown v. Board of Education, in which Marshall made history, by more than a decade; the headstrong Marshall of this film is in his 30s. The movie, directed by Reginald Hudlin, revisits this era of Marshall’s life with “economy, a bit of gauzy nostalgia and likable performances,” Manohla Dargis wrote in her review for The New York Times. But, she said, there are moments when you wish that Hudlin “would ease up on the comedy.”MAGIC MIKE (2012) 9 p.m. on CMT. For a quiet, conventional Valentine’s Day evening skip this listing. But for a Feb. 14 full of onscreen thrusts, sweat and Channing Tatum’s, umm, face take advantage of this strategically timed showing of Steven Soderbergh’s stripper tale. Tatum plays Mike, who dips his toe into the world of erotic dancing and then falls the rest of the way in. (The character has parallels to Tatum himself, who once worked as a stripper.) Matthew McConaughey plays a strip club entrepreneur. In her review for The Times, Manohla Dargis called the film a “funny, enjoyable romp about male strippers and the American dream.”THE WEDDING SINGER (1998) 10 p.m. on Paramount Network. In the world of ’90s Adam Sandler comedies, a relationship blooming between a musician (Sandler) and a waitress (Drew Barrymore) ranks high on the sentimental scale. That makes this tale of a mulleted wedding singer losing one love and finding another a solid, nostalgic Valentine’s Day pick.What’s StreamingBECKS (2018) Rent on Amazon, Google Play, Vudu and YouTube. If the idea of Adam Sandler singing “somebody kill me” in “The Wedding Singer” is too ’90s for you, consider this more earnest tale of a musician’s lost and found love. The romantic drama stars Lena Hall as Becks, a Brooklyn guitar player and songwriter. After her relationship with a girlfriend (Hayley Kiyoko) goes south, Becks goes back home to Missouri to live with her ex-nun mother, Ann (Christine Lahti). While there, she teaches guitar lessons and eventually finds romance — all while struggling with her mother’s nonacceptance of her sexual orientation. In his review for The Times, Ben Kenigsberg wrote that the film “exemplifies how small judgments in pace, performance and soundtrack can transcend modest trappings.”In The Edit, a New York Times newsletter for college students and recent graduates, we asked for stories about mental health on campus. The responses below have been edited and condensed.Amanda Lutz, 32 Winona State UniversityI am divorced, and I live with my parents. I moved home to Minnesota from Texas and decided to continue pursuing my bachelor’s in psychology that I had abandoned after having started school in the fall of 2005. I have been attending classes part time while working full time to keep my health insurance since the summer of 2016.I am on track to graduate next fall. All the while, I have been fighting with chronic pain from a horseback-riding accident and managing depression. Some days I have purpose and a drive to succeed, and other days I just want to give up. If you really want something in this life, you have to find that resilience to pursue it and just keep going.Kyrah Altman, 22 George Washington UniversityAs a result of growing up in a broken and traumatic home, I began experiencing severe anxiety and depression in middle school. While it followed me throughout high school and college, I channeled my struggle with mental illness into the founding of a social enterprise, LEAD (Let’s Empower, Advocate and Do), that provides mental health training and curriculum to schools, camps and youth-serving organizations across the country.I am a senior undergraduate student and was recently named the third-best student entrepreneur in the country in the Entrepreneurs’ Organization Global Student Entrepreneurship Awards.Anna Shutley, 19 Wake Forest UniversityI have struggled with clinical depression and anxiety since my sophomore year of high school. I am a sophomore in college, and I am very passionate about mental health and working to improve it.I read a lot of self-help books in high school, but most were written by a 50-year-old psychologist who knows what they’re talking about in a clinical sense, but not how it actually feels to be 16 and struggling with suicidal thoughts and panic attacks. Because of this, I decided to write a short book with practical advice for improving your outlook on the world and how to incorporate caring for your mental health into your routine through mindfulness, exercise, limited phone time and leaving room for what brings you joy in life.I have conducted a workshop at my high school on improving mental health and also do my best to bring that conversation to Wake Forest.My main philosophy is about learning how to make Tuesday your favorite day of the week, because if you’re always waiting for the weekend or Christmas or your graduation, you are deciding that your happiness is circumstantial, and that therefore you don’t control it, your environment does. However, if you decide that amid the boring, mundane, stressful and sometimes heartbreaking realities of life, that you are going to focus on what is good and build your life around that instead, you are taking back the control that you deserve over your own happiness.ImageRachael Cohen Hamilton of the University of Colorado Denver. She is in her second semester of graduate school, studying for a master’s in public administration, with a focus in gender-based violence.Rachael Cohen Hamilton, 22 University of Colorado DenverI am in my second semester of graduate school, studying for my master’s in public administration, with a focus in gender-based violence. Within my first weeks of being here I witnessed a homeless woman being raped outside of my apartment and obviously called 911.This in many ways was triggering to me, and I went into my first semester of grad school suffering from pretty severe post-traumatic stress disorder, from both this and a previous incident. This is all happening as the Kavanaugh hearings are happening, and I am taking my first gender-based violence class of my program. As I was taking the bus to and from work every day, I was entirely dissociative.I likely could not tell you what happened my entire first month of grad school, that’s how detached I was from reality at that time. Luckily, I took the day off for Rosh Hashana and went to the market, and I was able to snap back into reality in a lot of ways. That day I made an appointment with my campus’s sexual assault resource center. It was able to get me extensions on assignments, set me up with a therapist and wrote a letter of support for my department allowing me to drop the gender-based violence class and receive a full refund.I also saw a psychiatrist and was prescribed beta blockers, which have helped bring down my heightened sense of danger wherever I go. This semester, having had time to help heal, I’ve been able to restart my concentration in gender-based violence, which is more important to me now than ever, and I was still able to complete my other two graduate courses last semester and remain a full-time student.It was so important for me to write you, to emphasize the importance of institutional support. I still struggle sometimes, but I think that without them helping me, I likely would have had no choice but to drop out and move back home.ImageFiona P. Pham of Johns Hopkins University. “Every single time you feel that you are trapped in your head, remember that every little step to make yourself feel better is a step, as long as you don’t stop.”Fiona P. Pham, 21 Johns Hopkins UniversityI always knew that coming to study at another university in a foreign country is tough. You sleep and breathe in English, you learn to embrace flip flops in the classroom. You adapt. And that was part of my plan.I embrace new opportunities, learn as much as I can, make mistakes, make friends, have first drinks, pull all-nighters. But depression was never part of my plan. I didn’t even know it had a name until everything felt empty.So, here I was, FaceTiming my mother without the video because I could not let her see my face. My voice sounds fine, telling her I was fine, schoolwork is challenging but manageable — I am applying to summer internships, competition is rough, but it’s fine. And everything was fine. Except me.The first time I had a counseling session was weird. It felt weird that I was living my dream, studying in the United States, having supportive family and friends, and yet I was sitting in that chair. I learned that sometimes there was no definite reason for the way I felt. But at least, when I acknowledged that I was not mentally healthy, it was the beginning of my healing process.Every day I try to make healthier choices and balance all aspects of my life. I go to counseling. I practice mindfulness. I talk to my support network. The chemicals in my brain sometimes act up, but I know I just need to be extra patient that day.If there is a mental health group on your campus that could provide support, definitely check it out. Every single time you feel that you are trapped in your head, remember that every little step to make yourself feel better is a step, as long as you don’t stop.Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them.__________The trade war didn’t seem to discourage Chinese companies from listing their shares on American exchanges last year. In fact, it might have brought more Chinese companies to Wall Street.Tencent Music’s trading debut on the New York Stock Exchange in December capped a wave of Chinese companies going public in the United States. In total, 33 Chinese firms raised $9.2 billion through initial public offerings on American exchanges — up 140 percent from 2017 and the highest level since 2014, according to Dealogic.Of course, 2014 comes with an asterisk of sorts. Alibaba went public in September that year, raising $25 billion. Subtract the value of Alibaba’s offering and Chinese firms raised just $3 billion that year.Last year, however, offerings from Chinese firms dominated the United States market for initial public offerings. The three largest I.P.O.s by market value were Chinese companies. And Chinese firms accounted for four of the 10 largest such offerings in 2018 ranked by amount raised on American exchanges, the most of any country, including the United States, according to Dealogic.Why list in America?American exchanges offer prestige and a broader investor base that Chinese entrepreneurs can find attractive. The United States also offers a quicker route to the public markets. While Chinese regulators have taken steps to reduce the long wait, it still takes 18 months or longer for shares to begin trading from the time a company files to go public. That compares with just 42 days to list in the United States, according to Dealogic.But the trade war may also have been a factor.A slowing Chinese economy and escalating trade tensions dragged down markets in Hong Kong and China before stocks in the United States turned seriously wobbly. At their lows in late October, the Hang Seng stock index and the benchmark stock indexes in Shenzhen and Shanghai were down 15 percent to 35 percent for the year. By comparison, the S & P 500 was still up 2.5 percent at that point, making it far more attractive for offerings.SAN JOSE, Calif. — Paris has the Eiffel Tower. St. Louis is inseparable from the Gateway Arch. Seattle boasts the Space Needle. Washington has its Monument.Silicon Valley wants its own universally recognized landmark, something that symbolizes its power and reach. If the San Jose City Council approves the project this month, an international design competition will be announced this spring. The winning entry could be built on a city park as soon as 2021.Capturing the tech world in one sculpture or structure or art installation will be a difficult job. The devices and platforms that made Silicon Valley famous were created in low-slung office parks of limited architectural distinction by entrepreneurs who risked their investors’ capital, not their lives. It’s not really an underdog story nor — as many filmmakers have found out — a particularly visual one.Nor is this the ideal moment for Silicon Valley to celebrate itself. Even as the tech industry prepares for a long-awaited series of public offerings that will mint yet another round of dude billionaires, there is widespread alarm that smartphones and social networks are reshaping society for the worse.The backers of the San Jose Light Tower Corporation, who have raised $1 million to pursue a landmark and expect to raise tens of millions more before it reaches fruition, are undeterred.“Optimistically, we’re going to receive hundreds of ideas,” Jon Ball, the chairman of the Light Tower board, told a skeptical crowd at a community meeting in late February. For the right project, he added, donors would open their wallets very wide. “A great idea at $150 million is sometimes easier to fund than a frankly uninspiring idea at half the price,” he said.Mr. Ball, a retired construction executive, said the idea for a landmark was born a few years ago when he was driving with his wife, Paula, on a local highway. She remarked that if she didn’t know she was in San Jose, she would have no clue. The cityscape lacks any distinction, and the physical setting at the southern edge of San Francisco Bay is less than memorable — especially in contrast to a certain metropolis 50 miles to the northwest.San Jose has suffered forever from its proximity to San Francisco, which has been heralded since its founding for its charm and beauty. In recent years, the center of tech gravity has shifted north to San Francisco. That has added to the misery of San Jose boosters, who fear the loss of one of the city’s few claims to fame.“Just a song — that’s all we have,” said Marianne Salas, a longtime San Jose resident who has given $26,000 to the nonprofit landmark effort. She was referring to Dionne Warwick’s 1968 hit, “Do You Know the Way to San Jose?” It’s a bittersweet tune, about failing to become a star in Los Angeles and then trying to return home.“You can really breathe in San Jose/ They’ve got a lot of space,” the lyrics run, which shows how things have changed in 50 years. Space is now at a premium in the city. Google is converting an entire downtown neighborhood into offices. The site selected for the landmark project, a park called Arena Green, is on the edge of this development, squeezed between the sports stadium and the highway that splits the city.Many of the 50 or so people who came to the community meeting seemed to appreciate the sentiments behind the effort — one man spoke eloquently about how when friends came to visit, they immediately wanted to go to San Francisco — but were not keen on Arena Green as the location.Among the issues they raised: How would this affect the Guadalupe River and Los Gatos Creek, which merge in the park? Would the project strain San Jose’s already strained parks budget? Are there any tax dollars being used here? And wasn’t this the usual Silicon Valley trick of taking a public good — a park — and using it for private purposes?Mr. Ball, with a trace of weariness, provided answers. The project would be given as a gift to the city. No tax money would be involved. He promised accountability, with a seven-member jury selecting three finalists. The Guadalupe River Park Conservancy would monitor for ecological issues. Jodi Starbird, president of the conservancy’s board, stood up to say her group would be “the police” for the project.The river splits the park. The project could go on the east side, the west side or conceivably straddle the two. The park is on the flight path to San Jose’s airport, which will impose height limits. The location also means that, unlike the iconic landmarks in many cities, this one won’t be visible to the passengers as a plane descends. Just the pilot.A few hours before the meeting, on a weekday afternoon, Arena Green was largely empty. There was exactly one person on the east side.“Our intention is to make this park more accessible and actually improve it,” Mr. Ball said. While another Eiffel Tower is literally and probably figuratively out of reach, there is a useful precedent in Chicago’s Cloud Gate, a 110-ton stainless steel bean beloved by selfie-taking tourists. The bean was installed in 2004 at the cost of $23 million.Leslie Berlin, author of “Troublemakers,” a history of Silicon Valley, said the project was intriguing but full of potential pitfalls.“When we hear the words ‘Silicon Valley,’ we think strictly in terms of private enterprise,” she said. “All the landmarks that tourists go to are literally companies. Everything is identified with the profit motive. By building a place for everybody, this could put the public back into the equation.”She added, however, that “it’s hard to do this sort of thing by fiat — ‘I’m going to make something that the rest of world recognizes as a masterpiece.’ And if in the process of trying to celebrate Silicon Valley they make the same mistakes that are giving Silicon Valley such a bad reputation now, the result will mean nothing to no one.”The Light Tower project got its name because it began as an attempt to replicate San Jose’s previous monument to a new form of technology. In 1881 that was electricity, and a local entrepreneur raised money and built his vision in less than a year. Owen’s Electrical Tower was 207 feet tall with six arc lamps that illuminated the city. Visible from San Francisco, it achieved a modest amount of fame.The tower had its own ecological issues. At one point in 1900, clouds of beetles attacked it. This brought hordes of birds to feast on the bugs. The birds collided with the live electrical wires and fell to the ground. “All the stray cats in the neighborhood were attracted and the feline family had a feast it will long remember,” the San Francisco Call newspaper reported. The tower blew down in a 1915 storm.“Our concept was we were going to build a modern interpretation of the old light tower,” Mr. Ball said. “We did not get a lot of love for that.”The project has also drawn criticism for a lack of transparency, a fault that the community meeting was designed to help correct. The San Jose City Council is expected to take up the project on March 12. But even if that hurdle is met, Mr. Ball conceded, others lie ahead. “We’re not naïve,” he said.Dave Henderson, who leases office buildings for medical professionals, saluted the Light Tower team during the community meeting. “There’s nothing in it for you guys except brain damage,” he said.Mr. Henderson, who has given $30,000 to the project, considered later the chances of whether something would ultimately get built or whether critics would have their way.“It’s 50-50,” he decided. Most disruptive ideas in Silicon Valley don’t get odds as good as that.Female entrepreneurs have long known how hard it is to raise money from a roomful of men. “I would walk into these rooms of late-40s, early-50s dudes — potential investors — and they would just look at me blankly, like, ‘I do not get it,’” said Rachel Drori, the founder of Daily Harvest, a delivery service for produce-centric meals. “Sometimes, they’d say, ‘Can you send samples to my wife?’”What if Ms. Drori, and others like her, could pitch to a roomful of women?On a frigid evening in January, some 275 entrepreneurs filed into the SoHo outpost of The Wing, the women-only co-working club, for a women-only pitch night. They grabbed seats (pink folding chairs, mint settees, maroon couches) as well as sustenance (crudités, cheese, wine) ahead of the main event: Ten start-ups would present their business propositions to potential investors as well as those interested in learning from or working with them.The gathering was called Wingable, named for the club and Able Partners, a New York venture capital firm that had already put money into each of the 10 companies. The fund, which was started three years ago by Lisa Blau and Amanda Eilian, has been an early-stage investor in a number of female-founded companies, including The Wing and Goop.Prior to the event, the start-ups spent six weeks in an Able incubator program, honing their business models and pitch decks. “We’re calling it the anti-‘Shark Tank’ because everyone is already a winner,” Ms. Blau said. “They’re getting funding from Able, and we’re just trying to bring more female investors to their cap table.”Among the attendees was Alexandra Wilkis Wilson, co-founder of Gilt Groupe and more recently Glamsquad, who said she was discussing an investment with two of the Wingable start-ups. “I know a lot of women are coming with their checkbooks open,” she said, surveying the crowd.According to the venture-tracking site Crunchbase, as of October 2017, women made up just 8 percent of investing partners at the top 100 VC firms. And last year, female founders received only 2.2 percent of the $130 billion in venture money invested in the United States, according to the analytics firm PitchBook and the advocacy organization All Raise. That works out to a combined $2.9 billion; for a sense of the scale of money going to other start-ups, a single one, Juul — which makes fruit-flavored e-cigarette cartridges — recently drew an investment of $12.8 billion from Altria.Wingable presented a microcosm of an alternative view: What would VC-funded industries look like if more women controlled the money?“We need the old girl’s network,” said Linnea Conrad Roberts, the chief executive of Gingerbread Capital and a former partner at Goldman Sachs, as she waved to Ms. Blau. “If you think about the ecosystem that guys have, a Silicon Valley founder will make hundreds of millions of dollars and he doesn’t go home and retire; he starts putting it toward funding other companies.”“The problem, quite honestly, was people like me, sitting on the sidelines, doing philanthropy, retired from my Wall Street career and not thinking about it,” Ms. Roberts added. “I spend a good chunk of time just trying to get more women focused. All they need is a bit of a lesson, contacts and then they need to come to amazing things like this. This is a free look at companies.”Liz Lange, the maternity fashion pioneer, tapped Ms. Roberts’s shoulder to say hi; Jennifer Fleiss, the co-founder of Rent the Runway, slid into a seat in front of them.“Guys would never do an event like this,” Ms. Roberts said. “And the food would suck and it would not be this well organized, and the egos: You might have to leave, you’d have to go outside and get a breath of fresh air. We don’t have to play golf or poker in order to get together and get business done.”‘You have an amazing company, but I think I might want to date you’Ms. Blau, 43, and Ms. Eilian, 41, met in 2004, when the former was about to graduate from Harvard Business School and the latter was preparing to begin her first year there. In 2007, Ms. Blau started VitalJuice, a newsletter about healthy living, and Ms. Eilian started Videolicious, a platform for making high-end video. She went through five rounds of fund-raising, some while pregnant.“There’s nothing like being a pregnant woman in the tech world to make you feel like an alien,” Ms. Eilian said.She and Ms. Blau wondered about the struggles of female founders who didn’t graduate from an elite business school or have a well-pedigreed social network. (Ms. Blau’s husband is the chief executive of Related Companies, the mega-developer, and Ms. Eilian’s husband was an early employee at the private equity firm Starwood Capital Group.) They formed Able in 2016 to invest their own money — they have no outside capital — in early-stage companies led by women.Ms. Blau and Ms. Eilian declined to identify the size of their fund, but said their portfolio has 38 companies, with investments starting at $50,000. Twenty percent of the start-ups have men on their executive teams.Able is not the only recently formed investment fund targeting women. In 2015, Arlan Hamilton, a once homeless music manager, created Backstage Capital, a $36 million venture capital fund dedicated to “underestimated founders” — women, people of color, the L.G.B.T.Q. community. In 2014, Anu Duggal started Female Founders Fund, which she now runs with Sutian Dong, a venture capital fund that invests solely in women-founded start-ups. It’s a small world with a lot of overlap: Ms. Blau gave Female Founders Fund one of its first checks, and several of the companies that participated in Wingable have had conversations with Backstage Capital and Female Founders Fund.Last fall, Ms. Blau and Ms. Eilian sketched out the idea that would lead to the Wingable pitch night in January. In October, they put out a call for interested start-ups, specifying that they had to have at least one founder who identified as female, and had to be in prelaunch phase, with less than $5 million in revenue.Within two weeks, Ms. Blau and Ms Eilian had more than 800 applications. They hired two M.B.A. graduates to comb through them and enlisted Ms. Eilian’s sister, Sarah Godwin, who until recently worked in recruitment at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, to devise an evaluation matrix for the most promising candidates.By November, Able chose 10 start-ups to back; the fund ended up investing a total of $700,000 in the group at varying degrees of equity. Over the course of a six-week “boot camp,” Ms. Eilian and Ms. Blau offered the women access to their network of investors and advisers; put them through media training; paired them with mentors, including Ms. Wilkis Wilson, SoulCycle’s chief executive, Melanie Whelan, and the Away co-founder Jen Rubio; and held “office hours” to zhuzh up their PowerPoint pitch decks.The day before the showcase at the Wing, the group gathered at West-bourne, a vegetarian cafe in SoHo, to practice their presentations. A projector had been set up next to a vast spread of purple cauliflower and other crudités.When Zofia Moreno, a founder of the probiotic drink Oba, stumbled on her lines midway through her script, Bea Arthur, who started an on-demand therapy service called the Difference, yelled, “You’re doing great, it’s O.K.!”Others practiced punch lines and sound bites designed for Twitter. “Our equipment is not barbells and treadmills; it’s wine and Kleenex,” said Shannon McLay, 40, who has started a chain of financial coaching centers called Financial Gym.Other companies included BlockFi, which provides banking services for investors in cryptocurrency, and AcadeMe, a platform that teaches women workplace skills like how to negotiate a salary increase. The only men in the room were kitchen staff and a guy named Evan who kept his head down and clicked slides on a laptop hooked up to a projector.Over a lunch of cabbage salad, falafel bowls and sweet potato tacos, the participants talked about dealing with male investors. “This investor once told me, ‘I’m too good-looking to be accused of harassment,’” said Viveka Hulyalkar, 26, the co-founder of Beam, a charitable donation service.“I don’t even care about the harassment,” said Ms. Arthur, 35. “It’s just like, if you’re not going to invest, then you’re just wasting my time and trying to hit on me on top of it.”“Last year, when I was raising my seed, this guy was like, ‘It must be really difficult for you to raise money, Shannon, because men dissociate intelligence from attractiveness,’” Ms. McLay said. Everyone in earshot groaned.“I’ve heard, ‘I really love you, Chanel, I think you have an amazing company, but I think I might want to date you,’” said Chanel Melton, 31, the founder of a hair-extension company called RoseGold Pro. More groans. “He followed up later, like, ‘Hey, I hope I didn’t make you feel uncomfortable.’”In February, the mayor’s office announced that it will invest $30 million in women-led start-ups through a program called WE Venture, in coordination with private venture capital firms that have a track record in the area. Alicia Glen, the deputy mayor in charge of the initiative, said that she would be asking Able to provide tips about deals and female entrepreneurs worth watching.“You don’t want to let any smart woman or any good idea fall through the cracks simply because it doesn’t work for a particular fund manager,” Ms. Glen said. “Lisa probably gets pitched a lot of stuff that’s not ready for her but great for us. If we get pitched some wellness hemp thing that you put on your body and it makes you tall and skinny, well, they should go work with Lisa. I’m a middle-aged bureaucrat; I have no idea about that stuff.”‘Money is my spirit animal’At the Wing in January, the crowd cracked up at Ms. McLay’s line about wine and Kleenex and cheered at Ms. Arthur’s ability to dance her way past a PowerPoint glitch. After the presentations, the women stood at tables around the perimeter of the room to meet with audience members and investors.“She, her, they all have very strong handshakes,” Ms. Arthur said, nodding at two blazer-clad women who had given her their business cards. “You can tell they’re real investors.”At her table, Ms. McLay wore a T-shirt that read “Money is my spirit animal.” “It’s fun, it’s good for branding awareness, but we’ll see if the checks come in,” she said. “That’s the next step — what checks get written. Talk to me next week.”I called her the following week. She was in touch with five new potential investors. “We got money from Able, which is wonderful,” she said. “T.B.D. on other money. But I will say that the ones who are talking to me, I know they’re having the conversation because Able gave us money. Investors want to invest in whoever other people are investing in.” Even in the “anti-‘Shark Tank,’” some funder-founder dynamics transcend gender.To the Editor:Re “As Costs Surge, Cities’ Recycling Becomes Refuse” (front page, March 17):Your recycling story offers a parade of horribles and cites “hundreds” of failing programs. But how about the thousands of programs that continue to successfully collect, process and sell recyclables collected from the curbside?There have been several market downturns since curbside recycling took off in the late 1980s. This may be the worst, in part because of the expansion of these programs to collect materials such as mixed paper and mixed plastics that never had strong markets. Given unrealistic recycling goals and a failure to properly educate citizens on how to recycle properly, no wonder some programs are struggling.Yes, recycling is in a rough patch. Yet entrepreneurs are smelling opportunity in these raw materials. Sixteen paper mills in the United States have announced expansions in their capacity to use recycled paper. Seven of these mills specified that they will be using mixed paper as a raw material. I hope that in your next story on recycling, you will investigate successful programs such as Seattle’s or the one in my home county, Montgomery County, Maryland, and learn what is working.Chaz MillerSilver Spring, Md. The writer is chairman of the Recycling Markets Committee of the Northeast Recycling Council. To the Editor:Recycling took us down the wrong road, a detour from the problem of too much waste, particularly plastics. Many of these items are single use, made to be discarded. Even if these items were recycled, the process itself is wasteful, requiring energy to create new items, which often cannot be recycled further.We need to reduce packaging and create packaging that can be composted or will biodegrade naturally. For this we need more “green chemistry” to find alternatives to dangerous chemicals and elements. We also need to slow consumption. Buy less, of better quality, and keep it longer. Require that manufacturers take back their products once their useful life is done. Make products designed to last as long as possible, and design them for repair.Sound hard? Not as hard as dealing with the huge landfills and toxic chemicals that will result from the recycling crisis.Mary MakofskeWarwick, N.Y. To the Editor:I’m willing to risk the opprobrium of other readers by suggesting that the greatest share of blame for waste falls to us as consumers. Check your closets, drawers, attics, garages, anywhere you stash stuff. I’m willing to bet that 80 percent of the contents haven’t been used in the past 12 months.I know people who, having filled every conceivable nook and cranny in their residences, have to resort to renting storage spaces to house their junk. This is insanity. Every item that we store is something that was purchased, with all its attendant wasted packaging.We could reduce our waste disposal problem instantly by just keeping our wallets in our pockets, our Apple Pay turned off, our credit cards in the drawers and our fingers off the keyboards. Aside from the money you save and the waste you avoid, you may find time to enjoy the noncommercial things of life! Steven J. LiveseyNorman, Okla.To the Editor:As a regular traveler to Germany, I have long been impressed with its intensive and well-organized recycling efforts. I imagine that country faces many of the same challenges as the United States. An examination of other countries’ experiences, something frequently missing from our news coverage, would help us to better understand potential solutions to this vexing problem.Timothy M. EmpkieProvidence, R.I. SAN FRANCISCO — A decade ago, when the greed and carelessness of the financial industry came close to destroying the American economy, the overwhelming response by politicians and the public was: Meh. Almost instantly, all was forgiven and forgotten.Now the tech industry — which, among other impressive innovations, provides the world’s knowledge on demand, lets people freely broadcast their diverse opinions and has made shopping as easy as pushing a button — has made some mistakes of its own. It has abused privacy, squeezed the competition and casually spread hate. And that’s just the beginning of the list.Google, Facebook, Amazon and Apple might not get away as cleanly as Goldman Sachs and Citigroup. Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts senator who is seeking the Democratic presidential nomination, released proposals this month that would force tech breakups and impose severe restrictions on what remained. Another Democratic presidential candidate, Senator Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, covered more briefly some of the same ground, saying, “We have a major monopoly problem.”At a moment when nearly everything in America seems wildly contentious, antitrust action against tech is getting a sober look. Antitrust is the nuclear bomb of regulatory policy, but the reaction to Ms. Warren’s and Ms. Klobuchar’s ideas was surprisingly receptive.“We’ve got to break these guys apart,” Ms. Warren said in an interview on “Face the Nation.” The show could name only one critic of her proposal: Howard Schultz, the Starbucks mogul, who is flirting with an independent run for president to the deep disregard of voters.“A billionaire, right?” Ms. Warren noted.For decades, a politician who mentioned “antitrust” was essentially arguing for more government oversight, which has been dangerous territory at least since the Ronald Reagan administration. “Antitrust” was relegated to the shelf with “socialism” and “wealth inequality” and “higher taxes for higher incomes.”It didn’t help that what could be called “maximum antitrust” — when the Justice Department decides a company is abusing its monopoly power and should be broken up — has a mixed history. The government dropped such a case against IBM in 1982 after more than a decade. It settled its case against Microsoft in 2001. Only AT&T, which agreed in 1982 to dissolve itself into a long-distance company and the seven Baby Bells, could be considered an unqualified success from the government’s point of view.The political landscape is shifting, however, at a speed that dumbfounds even antitrust experts. President Barack Obama thought of the tech companies in the way they think of themselves: as progressive, smart entrepreneurs who want what’s best for America. His administration declined to pursue Google on antitrust charges and hired from the tech industry for top posts. Top staff members later went to work for the tech industry in top posts, too. It was a cozy relationship.“Something has definitely changed,” said Geoffrey A. Manne, the founder of the International Center for Law and Economics, a think tank in Portland, Ore. “Most voters are very fond of Amazon, Apple, Google and even Facebook. But I think there’s also a growing sense of skepticism about all these companies. The shine has come off.”Mr. Manne, who has been a critic of the antitrust arguments against Google and has received funding from the search giant as well as from some of its competitors, including Comcast and AT&T, eviscerated Ms. Warren’s proposal with his colleague Alec Stapp in a recent blog post. They wrote that the senator’s plan to turn the top companies into heavily regulated “platform utilities” would make them as resistant to improvement as sewer systems or Amtrak.And yet, Mr. Manne conceded in an interview, increased regulation is an idea whose time may have come.“There is a long history in America — just not a recent one — of using the power of the state to counteract the economic power of private enterprise,” he said. “We may be at that moment again.”The financial firms were predatory last decade, exploiting weak spots in the mortgage markets in a way that undermined their viability. Google and Facebook, by contrast, offer their services for free, while Amazon built its reputation on selling as cheaply as possible. That makes it hard to regulate them by the antitrust consensus, which for a couple of decades has held that there is no injury unless consumers directly suffer by paying higher prices.Nothing is ever really free, of course, and there has been a dawning realization among some consumers that they are paying for these services with information about themselves. How most users feel about this seems up in the air, as evidenced by a new SurveyMonkey poll done for the news site Axios.The headline finding was that “a growing majority now views our online privacy as a crisis.” But deeper in the survey was the revelation that more than half the respondents said they were unwilling to pay to keep from being tracked by a service they were using. Twenty-one percent said they would pay less than $1 a month, and no more, for the right.Users, it seems, want it both ways: privacy and free services. This is the contradiction at the heart of the internet.Daniel Crane, an antitrust expert at the University of Michigan, said Ms. Warren’s proposal might be a hard sell to voters. “The median consumer probably feels that she gets lots of free goodies from Big Tech and will worry about what it would mean to go after them,” he said.But Mr. Crane noted that being broken up was the least of the companies’ worries. “A likelier consequence is that the next acquisition they want to make will be rejected,” he said. “Even just the rhetoric can complicate their lives and put pressure going forward.”That is already happening. One of the anti-competitive complaints about Amazon is that it prohibited its merchants from selling more cheaply elsewhere. That prevented a new platform from underselling Amazon and gaining a competitive edge.Amazon ended this practice in Europe six years ago, but it continued in the United States. Senator Richard Blumenthal, a Democrat from Connecticut, asked for regulators to investigate in December. Last week, Amazon confirmed that it had dropped the requirement.Antitrust talk emboldens competitors as well. Google controls much of the market for online ads in Australia, just as it does elsewhere. That presents a big problem for News Corporation, which owns eight of the 10 largest papers in the country.The Rupert Murdoch-controlled media conglomerate asked Australian regulators last week to take the “very serious step” of breaking up Google in the country because of the “unparalleled power that it currently exerts over news publishers and advertisers alike.”In this new environment, winning can soon look a lot like losing.Amazon opposed a proposal in Seattle last spring for a corporate tax to help the homeless, and succeeded in getting it cut in half. Then the retailer decided it just couldn’t live with the measure at all. A repeal effort began. The City Council killed the tax just as it was going into effect.At the time, that looked like another triumph for Amazon. But in the months since, even some of those who thought the tax was a bad idea have found their views evolving.“My feelings about Amazon have changed, and not in a good way,” said Julie Shapiro, a Seattle University professor of family law. “I think they want the ability to be a bully and, once they have it, they’re quite willing to use it.”That is the crux of the issue: Can a company be dominant without coming off as a bully? It is no accident that the company that was the subject of the biggest antitrust action in the last quarter-century — Microsoft — had a terrible reputation in the tech community. Voters love innovation, convenience and entrepreneurs. They don’t love bullies.Amazon failed to avoid bullying behavior in its now-abandoned bid to build a headquarters in New York, and Facebook likewise failed last week when it took down Ms. Warren’s posts about Facebook having too much power. The company, which said the posts had violated the use of its logo, quickly restored them, but the public relations damage had been done.“Curious why I think FB has too much power?” Ms. Warren tweeted. “Let’s start with their ability to shut down a debate over whether FB has too much power.”A federal judge gave Elon Musk and the Securities and Exchange Commission two weeks to resolve a dispute about whether Mr. Musk had violated a settlement he reached with the commission in October and should be held in contempt of court.Judge Alison J. Nathan of Federal District Court in Manhattan told both sides to “take a deep breath” and put on “their reasonableness pants” after a roughly 90-minute hearing attended by Mr. Musk, the chief executive of the electric car company Tesla.In Round 2 of the battle between the S.E.C. and Mr. Musk, the question for the judge came down to whether the voluble entrepreneur’s  Twitter post on Feb. 19 about Tesla’s production figures violated the terms of the October settlement.In the post, Mr. Musk said Tesla would produce about 500,000 cars in 2019. A month earlier, the company had said it would sell 360,000 to 400,000 cars this year. In a subsequent post, Mr. Musk said the company would in fact deliver about 400,000 cars in 2019.The S.E.C. contends the settlement required Mr. Musk to get approval from a Tesla lawyer before publishing any Twitter posts that include potentially market-sensitive information. Lawyers for Mr. Musk have countered that the message did not contain material information and that if Mr. Musk made an error he corrected it in the second post.The hearing focused on whether the requirement that Mr. Musk needs to have posts on Twitter approved in advance was clear enough to hold the billionaire executive in contempt. John Hueston, a lawyer for Mr. Musk, told Judge Nathan that there was too much ambiguity about when a statement needed to be reviewed. He called it a “murky policy.”A lawyer for the S.E.C. disagreed. But Judge Nathan said she, too, wondered if there was a “lack of clarity” and whether the settlement should be modified or struck down. Mr. Musk, who did not speak during the hearing but passed notes to his lawyer, nodded in approval at Judge Nathan’s remarks.[Tesla stock fell about 8 percent after it reported delivering fewer vehicles than expected in the first quarter.]After the hearing, surrounded by reporters, he said, “I feel very much loved,” before getting into the back seat of a Tesla Model S and being driven away.“I have great respect for Judge Nathan, and I’m pleased with her decision today,” Mr. Musk said in an emailed statement later in the day.The judge’s directive that the parties work out their differences is something of a victory for Mr. Musk, who could have been fined if he was found to be in contempt.The October settlement arose from a civil fraud complaint the S.E.C. filed against Mr. Musk and Tesla for a Twitter post in which he said he had “funding secured” to take the company private at $420 a share. It turned out that the plan to take the company private was not nearly as far along as Mr. Musk had suggested.Under the settlement, Tesla was required to establish procedures to oversee and preapprove Mr. Musk’s written communications, including Twitter posts, that might have material information about the company.The settlement forced Mr. Musk to step down as chairman of Tesla and pay a $20 million fine. The company paid the same fine.In his wrangling with the S.E.C., Mr. Musk has shown open disdain for the agency. Just days after reaching the settlement, he taunted regulators on Twitter, calling the commission the Short-seller Enrichment Commission. In an interview with the CBS News program “60 Minutes,” Mr. Musk said he did not respect the regulator.Judge Nathan never addressed Mr. Musk directly, other than acknowledging him at the beginning of the proceeding. At the end of the hearing, she said that regardless of how powerful a person is, a “court order is not optional.”Water towers are beloved fixtures of the New York skyline, inspiring urban myths and song lyrics (see: Beastie Boys and Bruce Springsteen). Five years ago, an artist even built a clandestine bar inside a water tower in Chelsea. Now, a tourist-friendly and Instagram-ready version has been erected in Brooklyn, on the rooftop of the new Williamsburg Hotel.The Water Tower, which opened in November, is built of steel and glass, rising some 175 feet. While the structure never held water, patrons don’t seem to mind as they take selfies next to the D.J. booth or on the wraparound balcony, with its panoramic views of actual water towers.The PlaceThe bar is in a hotel-packed corner of Williamsburg (the Hoxton, the William Vale and the Wythe are nearby). The circular space is roughly 800 square feet and is decked out with plush sofas, a mural of graphic posters, and floor-to-ceiling windows, the better to take advantage of the views.The CrowdOne Friday evening, a group of 30-something tech guys were laughing by the bar, while couples got cozy with cocktails and caviar on the chartreuse velvet sofas. As the night wore on, the crowd got younger and included a struggling actor, a film producer, a human resources director and the host of a music podcast. Some wore athleisure and fresh-white sneakers, others were in dresses and stilettos.The PlaylistD.J.s spin every night. Mike Vosters, a D.J. who also calls himself a “social entrepreneur,” played a mix of vintage Stevie Wonder on a recent night, along with new hits from Ariana Grande and Jax Jones. Despite his efforts, there was more posing and snapping than dancing. Getting inAn elevator takes guests straight up to the tower. Reservations (via email) are mandatory during cocktail hours (6 p.m. to 9 p.m.) and recommended after 10. Walk-ins are at the discretion of the doorman, and may involve a wait and a minimum order.DrinksThose views have a price. The “finely curated menu of artisanal cocktails,” as the hotel’s website describes it, includes the Heart of Gold, a negroni-like concoction infused with white truffles ($150). A cheaper option is the Message in a Bottle ($22), a water-themed drink made with blue algae, pineapple juice and añejo rum. “I tried to create something that looked like water,” said Rael Petit, the hotel’s beverage director.The Water Tower at the Williamsburg Hotel, 96 Wythe Avenue, Brooklyn; 718-362-8100; watertower@thewilliamsburghotel.com. Open Wednesday to Saturday, 6 p.m. to 4 a.m.At the end of each school year, Margarita Manzke and her seven siblings piled into the family car in Manila, where her father ran a fish-sauce factory, to drive to her mother’s resort in Subic Bay, on the west coast of Luzon, about two hours away. They spent summers there, not swimming and sunbathing like other families on vacation from the city. Not bobbing down the waves on boogie boards, or falling asleep under umbrellas with books in one hand and drinks in the other. Even as a teenager, Manzke was an entrepreneur. And summertime, free from the structure of daily classes and homework, was for one thing, and one thing only: engaging in the sport of friendly competition with her brothers and sisters.One summer, Manzke and her siblings learned to burn sugar to make the dark, sweet base for homemade sago at gulaman, the drink full of tapioca pearls and jellies. One of her brothers sold these chilled, at a prized location, to the sweaty, thirsty tourists that packed the beach. Big deal! Manzke paid a local butcher to slaughter three whole pigs and roast the meat so she could sell plates of crisp-skinned lechon to the same hungry beachgoers. When one of her sisters turned an empty cottage on the resort property into a makeshift bakery — a cache of sweets and layered cakes — Manzke leveled up, learning to make chocolate cakes filled with a soft custardy center and draw her own regular customers. Their father encouraged the children to be creative with their businesses to earn money for the school year, but they didn’t require much encouragement. “It was so fun,” Manzke said. “I look back and laugh, because I was really kind of insane.”By the time Manzke was in high school, she’d turned her attention to a book of Filipino desserts and sweets — a thin pamphlet, less than 50 pages long, that she found in the kitchen. It didn’t look like much, but in it, she found a recipe for the golden-colored date-and-walnut bars known in the Philippines as food for the gods. The sweet is especially popular around Christmas, when it’s sold in individually wrapped squares, like tiny fruitcakes. All December, at home in Manila, Manzke made batches of the bars after school, then woke up at 4 a.m. to pack them in the cute boxes she built out of pieces of corrugated cardboard, glue and dark green paint.Some batches were oilier than others. Some batches softer. Manzke liked the bars especially tender and chewy, packed with fruit and nuts. And as she refined the technique, based on the basic recipe in the pamphlet, more and more orders came in from her friends, and her friends’ parents, and her parents’ friends. She baked every day to keep up. “It was a lot of trial and error,” said Manzke, who noticed that creaming the butter too much, or using a light hand with the dates, would push the bars toward a more caky texture. Like any pastry chef in the making, she was now in a sweet, ongoing competition with herself, comparing each batch with the previous ones, and slowly moving toward an ideal.Manzke went on to culinary school, then moved to Los Angeles to work in restaurant kitchens. She sells her perfected date-and-walnut bars at République, the Los Angeles restaurant and bakery she runs with her husband, Walter, where the pastry case is packed each morning with strawberry-pistachio tarts, banana-Nutella crostatas and big chocolate-chip cookies. If you can’t get there, you can make them at home: Cut the dates nice and big. Keep an eye on the butter and sugar, so the mixture doesn’t get overly pale and airy. And don’t skimp on the fruit and nuts. If you follow Manzke’s simple techniques, you’ll get the chewiness that makes the bars so special on your very first try.Recipe: Date-and-walnut bars(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Efforts to get aid into Venezuela descend into violence, Kim Jong-un and President Trump prepare for their second conference and Hollywood suits up for the Oscars. Here’s the latest:Venezuelan aid standoff turns deadlyAt least two people were killed and 15 were injured in violent clashes along the country’s borders with Colombia and Brazil as opposition activists, led by Juan Guaidó, tried to clear the way for humanitarian aid to enter the country.The Venezuela National Guard, which has so far remained loyal to President Nicolás Maduro, fired tear gas and live ammunition at the groups. Only a smattering of aid made it through.Context: Food and medicine is desperately needed in the country, where a worsening economic and political crisis has left many basics unavailable.Getting the aid into Venezuela would have been a signal that Mr. Maduro’s grip on power was loosening, and would have been a symbolic victory for Mr. Guaidó, who declared himself the legitimate president of Venezuela last month.What next? Mr. Maduro severed diplomatic ties with Colombia, ordering diplomats from the neighboring country to leave within 24 hours.Mr. Guaidó and the U.S. vice president, Mike Pence, are scheduled to meet with the Lima Group of Latin American nations today to discuss new ways to pressure Mr. Maduro.U.S. and North Korea prepare for second summit meetingNorth Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un, is en route from the capital city of Pyongyang to Vietnam, where he will meet with President Trump on Wednesday to discuss the North’s nuclear weapons program.Mr. Kim has chosen a vintage mode of travel: a train journey south through China, followed by a winding, mountainous road trip to Hanoi.Mr. Kim’s own jet is a decades-old Soviet-made plane that is short of spare parts. But borrowing a plane from China, as he did for his last meeting with President Trump, in Singapore, showcases North Korea’s reliance on China.The U.S. perspective: The discussions in Hanoi, the Vietnamese capital, will be a major test of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo’s leadership. He must prevent Mr. Trump from undermining any U.S. leverage over North Korea, while remaining in the president’s good graces.Goal: After the last summit meeting, Mr. Trump declared that “there is no longer a nuclear threat” from North Korea, a statement U.S. intelligence agencies disputed. This time, the U.S. is trying to extract a timetable for denuclearization.China’s entrepreneurs lose confidenceThe business elite that fueled so much of the country’s economic growth are increasingly worried that Beijing won’t pursue the liberalization needed to keep the momentum going.Since President Xi Jinping took over the Communist Party in 2012, control of every aspect of society — including the private sector — has increased. Some entrepreneurs have been “disappeared” by the government to assist in the anticorruption campaigns.Our New New World columnist, Li Yuan, found that pessimism is so high that some businesspeople are drawing comparisons to Venezuela, where government control of the economy ruined its prospects.By the numbers: Only a third of China’s rich people say they are confident in the country’s future, according to a recent study by a Shanghai-based research firm. Nearly half of the hundreds of wealthy individuals surveyed said they were considering migrating or have already begun the process.Economics and trade: China’s economy is slowing, and the trade war with the U.S. has further pinched growth. President Trump says that he two sides are moving closer to an agreement and that he will meet with Mr. Xi in Florida next month to hammer out final details.And the Oscar goes to …The Academy Awards will kick off shortly and we’ll bring you live coverage of the ceremony here.Predictions: Our awards season columnist believes the Netflix film “Roma” will go home with the best picture prize. Here’s a list of all of his forecasts.The good, the bad, the controversies: We look back at the artistic merits of this year’s best picture nominees and all the beef surrounding those titles.Here’s what else is happeningThe Vatican: Pope Francis, closing out a landmark meeting on clerical sexual abuse in the Roman Catholic Church, called for “an all-out battle against the abuse of minors” but didn’t offer the concrete policies demanded by many of the faithful.Saudi Arabia: The kingdom appointed a princess as its new ambassador to the U.S., the first time a woman has been named to such a post. The move seemed aimed at hitting reset on relations between the two countries, which soured over the killing of the dissident Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi.India-Pakistan: Seven decades after the British divided India to create Pakistan, the first museum devoted to the chaos that followed — mass migration, murders, riots and rapes — opened in Amritsar, a city near the border. Curating its exhibits was fraught with risks for the eyewitnesses interviewed and for religious minorities in India.Japan: The country is combating the worst measles outbreak in years, with a total of 167 cases reported as of Feb. 10, according to health officials. Many of the cases were people connected to a religious group that promotes alternative healing and avoids vaccinations.Afghanistan: A U.N. report released amid peace talks shows that 2018 was the single deadliest year for civilians in the war-torn country, with children dying in record numbers last year. Roughly two-thirds of the civilian casualties were attributed to operations by insurgent groups, primarily the Taliban and the Islamic State, and 24 percent to Afghan and American forces.The U.S. dollar: Despite a ballooning public debt and fractured politics, the dollar has remained supreme around the world, enhancing President Trump’s ability to dictate foreign policy and trade deals.Sex trafficking: A vast investigation in Florida and New York uncovered a multimillion-dollar prostitution operation in which women who the police believe were brought from China on false promises of jobs were trapped in brothels sometimes visited by the rich and famous.Australia: A billionaire businessman and well-connected political donor, Chau Chak Wing, won a defamation case against Fairfax Media over a 2015 report linking him to an international bribery scandal involving a former top U.N. official. Mr. Chau was awarded about $200,000 in damages, but Fairfax Media said it would appeal.R. Kelly: The R&B singer was charged with 10 counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse involving four women, three of whom had been minors at the time. He resolved several earlier such cases with nondisclosure agreements, but his actions have come under fresh scrutiny after BuzzFeed and a recent six-part documentary, “Surviving R. Kelly,” reported on his apparent sex cult.Charles Dickens: The famed novelist and journalist not only sought to banish his wife of two decades, Catherine, after their separation in 1858 but also tried to have her imprisoned in an asylum, in an attempt to maintain a tight control over his image, according to newly revealed letters.Smarter Living Tips for a more fulfilling life.Recipe of the day: This creamy turmeric pasta uses mostly pantry staples.Digital wellness: Are you addicted to your smartphone? Our tech columnist decided to kick his habit. Here’s how he did it.Remodeling? Software, like free floor-plan apps and augmented-reality tools, could help you sketch out your ideas.Back Story One edition of our Friday Morning Briefing included a photograph of the actor Sidney Poitier standing in front of the Apollo Theater and said that he was in Midtown Manhattan.Sharp-eyed readers asked whether we didn’t mean Harlem, where the storied theater on 125th Street has been a cultural institution for the African-American community in New York City and beyond for 85 years.But there was also an Apollo Theater on 42nd Street. The Times reviewed its opening production in 1920, a musical comedy called “Jimmie.”The Apollo in the picture with Mr. Poitier fell into disrepair but reopened in 1979 as the New Apollo, to differentiate it from the one uptown. It was demolished in 1996, and the Lyric Theater, currently home to “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child,” stands in its place.There’s also an Apollo Theater in London. Why such a popular name? Apollo was the Greek god of music and poetry.Chris Stanford, on the briefings team, wrote today’s Back Story.Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning. You can also receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights.And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers.Browse our full range of Times newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes.com.The fatal shooting of Nipsey Hussle, the Grammy-nominated rapper and community advocate, appears to have arisen from a personal dispute, the chief of the Los Angeles Police Department said on Tuesday.Nipsey Hussle and two other men were standing outside a clothing store he co-owned in South Los Angeles on Sunday when the suspect, identified as Eric Holder, 29, of Los Angeles, approached and spoke with them, returning multiple times before opening fire, the police chief, Michel R. Moore, said at a news conference.“Based on witness statements and the background of those that we’ve identified, we believe this to be a dispute between Mr. Hussle and Mr. Holder,” he said, declining to elaborate. “We believe they were known to each other.”Chief Moore later added that Mr. Holder was thought to be a member of a gang, but that the police did not believe the shooting was related to gang rivalries. Mr. Holder was arrested later on Tuesday.[Read more about the suspect’s arrest.]Chief Moore also said that a stampede at a vigil for Nipsey Hussle on Monday night, in which more than a dozen people were injured, was the result of a panic stemming from a struggle over a handgun that was pulled out, but not fired, at the memorial.“We had a series of falls, trips and injuries from the glass and other materials that were there, and that was the vast majority of the injuries that we saw,” he said.Margaret Stewart, a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles Fire Department, said Monday night that at least 19 people had been transported to hospitals, including two in critical condition and two in serious condition. One of the patients in critical condition was hit by a car.Another person was stabbed, Chief Moore said, and two women who arrived at a hospital with gunshot wounds said they were shot at the vigil after first reporting that they had been injured elsewhere. He added that while he was not questioning their account, a police commander at the vigil did not report hearing any gunfire.Hundreds of fans and supporters had gathered throughout the day outside Marathon Clothing, the store that Nipsey Hussle co-owned and outside of which he was shot, to pay tribute to the rapper, entrepreneur and community activist.[“He meant everything to the community”: Nipsey Hussle’s Crenshaw neighborhood was shaken by the shooting.]Nipsey Hussle, born Ermias Joseph Asghedom, was remembered by city officials on Tuesday as a gifted artist and passionate advocate for the South Los Angeles community in which he was raised.“He was working closely with the city to help save lives and transform lives, even as he was doing that for himself,” Mayor Eric Garcetti said at the news conference. “He was a tireless advocate for the young people of this city and of this world, to lift them up with the possibility of not being imprisoned by where you come from or past mistakes.”The rapper was scheduled to meet on Monday afternoon with representatives from Roc Nation, Jay-Z’s entertainment company, and police officials to discuss how the community could support efforts to stop gang violence and help children in the area.ImageThe Los Angeles police identified Eric Holder, 29, as a suspect in the shooting of Nipsey Hussle.CreditLos Angeles Police DepartmentHis death was felt particularly deeply in Crenshaw, the neighborhood he grew up in and rapped about and where he maintained a regular presence. His fans said he offered hope, advocated self-improvement and financially invested in the community, which has long struggled with violent crime.He opened a co-working space dedicated to increasing diversity in science, technology, engineering and mathematics, and helped to promote black arts and culture.His debut studio album, “Victory Lap,” was nominated for best rap album at the Grammys last year and debuted at No. 4 on the Billboard chart. He was in a relationship with the actress and model Lauren London and had two children, Kross and Emani.“I am completely lost,” Ms. London wrote in an Instagram post on Tuesday evening. “I’ve lost my best friend.”Businesses can deliver everything on demand, from dinner to dry cleaning. Some will even show up at your door to give you cupcakes or walk your dog. Now, entrepreneurs are exploring a growing niche: health care.Start-ups are offering access to doctors, prescription drugs and wellness programs as fast and easy as hailing an Uber driver. Experts say this is the early stages of a movement that could disrupt the health services industry, which critics have long contended suffers from soaring costs and reduced access to care. Seven in 10 Americans in a recent Gallup poll said they believed health care was “in a state of crisis” or had “major problems.”“Health care delivery is so broken that we need to explore new channels — new conduits — and this represents one of them,” said Dr. Eric Topol, a cardiologist and the author of “The Patient Will See You Now.”The on-demand economy, which offers consumers immediate access to goods and services, surged 58 percent in 2017 from the previous year to an estimated $75.7 billion, according to a study by Rockbridge Associates, a market research firm.As the industry swells, dozens of health and wellness companies are tapping the trend.Heal, DispatchHealth, MedZed, Dose Healthcare and Pager will send a doctor or a nurse practitioner to a person’s home or workplace to treat nonemergency problems like strep throat or a sprained ankle. The I.V. Doc offers intravenous treatments for conditions like jet lag, hangovers and food poisoning. And Capsule will deliver prescriptions to a person’s doorstep.“People want convenience,” said Josh York, founder of GymGuyz, a “gym on wheels” that sends a trainer and fitness equipment to customers’ homes. “You could get your pizza delivered but you couldn’t get your workout delivered, and I thought, ‘This is where the future is going.’”GymGuyz and other start-ups, like the I.V. Doc, were bootstrapped by the founders’ friends and family. But some — especially on-demand medical companies, like Heal and DispatchHealth — needed substantial cash to hire doctors, lease vehicles and bring in administrative staff to handle insurance claims.Cue the investors, many of whom are hunting for the next billion-dollar opportunity.Samir M. Patel, a principal and co-founder of IRA Capital, was so impressed with Heal after using it for at-home visits and an annual physical in his office that he became an investor.“To us, this feels like we’re investing in Uber in 2010,” Mr. Patel said. “This is going to revolutionize and change the entire health care industry.”Uber, a pioneer in the on-demand economy, could be worth as much as $120 billion as it prepares for an initial public offering this year.Heal has raised $70 million from such investors as the former Qualcomm executive chairman Paul Jacobs, Tull Investment Group and the singer Lionel Richie, while DispatchHealth has raised $36 million from such investors as Questa Capital and Alta Partners.But the potential to be the next “unicorn” — a start-up valued at $1 billion or more — has created a crowded field.The popularity of the I.V. Doc prompted a flurry of smaller companies, like IVDrips, Drip Hydration and the Hangover Club/NutriDrip, to offer similar services — sometimes at cheaper prices. To fend off competition, the I.V. Doc recently expanded to offer injectable drugs, like Botox and Restylane, as well as postoperative care for plastic surgery.Large tech companies are seeking a bigger share of the more than $3 trillion spent annually on health care in the United States. Amazon, which has been making an aggressive push into health care, announced last year that it would buy PillPack, an online service that organizes and delivers prescription medications. Apple and Alphabet, Google’s parent company, have also made significant acquisitions as they accelerate their efforts on new technologies for doctors, patients and consumers.“Health care is a $3.5 trillion industry — who wouldn’t want a piece of that?” said Jeff Becker, a senior analyst and health care IT expert at Forrester.But start-ups are facing challenges on their path to financial viability. Because mobility brings extra liability, one of the biggest roadblocks is insurance for themselves. Problems can crop up on the road, like traffic accidents, or in a customer’s home, like an equipment malfunction. Or perhaps a doctor, lacking sufficient equipment, makes an incorrect diagnosis. These headaches can make it difficult for start-ups to find proper protection.Dr. Adam Nadelson, the founder of the I.V. Doc, approached five insurers in 2013 before finally finding one to sign on.“It was a mixture of them not understanding what we were doing and then some gave us a price that was just outrageous,” he said.Mr. York of GymGuyz had more than 30 meetings over six months to get an insurer before starting his company in 2008.“It was very very hard; I had to really paint the vision and meet with a lot of people because the business was so different,” Mr. York said. “The doors were shut on me so hard that my nose was hurting.”Insurance not only protects the company, business owners say, it also covers employees, who take a risk entering a private residence.“We have walked into a house and somebody had a gun or walked into a yard where there’s a pit bull,” said Dr. Mark Prather, chief executive and co-founder of DispatchHealth. Both DispatchHealth and Heal always send two people to house calls for safety and efficiency.Getting their customers’ health care insurers on board is equally critical, and providers are slowly coming around.Owners who offer medical care contend that their business model will save insurers money because people will seek medical attention sooner if it’s fast, easy and affordable and does not require monthlong waits for an appointment or long waits in a doctor’s office. And they say early detection and treatment could prevent a problem from morphing into a debilitating illness that later requires an emergency room visit or hospitalization. Visits to the E.R. can cost $1,000 to $2,500, Dr. Prather said.Entrepreneurs point out another benefit: Their doctors and nurses can identify health triggers in a patient’s home.A Los Angeles man who had called for a Heal doctor complained of migraine headaches, recalled Nick Desai, a co-founder of Heal. The man had been to eight doctors, had three M.R.I. scans and had tried multiple medications. When the Heal doctor arrived, he noticed black mold.“So the patient hired a cleaning person to clean the black mold — and his migraine headaches were gone,” Mr. Desai said.Insurers are beginning to add on-demand services to their plans and even forming managed care partnerships with start-ups to visit people at home with chronic conditions, like hypertension and diabetes. Anthem, Health Net, Blue Shield, Aetna, CareFirst, United Healthcare, Cigna and Medicare are among the insurers that cover Heal visits in many of their P.P.O. plans, Mr. Desai said.As their businesses expand, owners must navigate complex health care regulations, which can vary from state to state.“Every state acts as their own country, with their own kooky laws, and understanding those rules and regulations costs an obscene amount of money in legal fees to understand how to operate one’s business,” Dr. Nadelson said.Before Amazon bought PillPack, it tried to enter the world of prescription drugs with a deal to acquire a stake in Drugstore.com. But it ran into regulatory challenges, and the effort was derailed. Amazon found a solution in PillPack, which has pharmacy licenses in 50 states and relationships with the major pharmacy benefit managers and insurers.Despite the barriers, experts believe on-demand health services are here to stay.“This has the potential to be life-altering,” said Dr. Griffin Myers, a co-founder and the chief medical officer at Oak Street Health, a network of primary care practices for people on Medicare.COTATI, Calif. — Uber’s public stock offering next month will make a bunch of people remarkably rich. Peter Ashlock is not one of them, although he has toiled for the ride-hailing company almost since the beginning.Mr. Ashlock, who will be 71 next week, has racked up more than 25,000 trips as an Uber driver since 2012. His Nissan Altima has 218,000 miles on it — nearly the distance to the moon. His passengers rate him 4.93 out of five stars. His favorite review: “Dude drove like a cabdriver.”While he is an integral part of Uber’s success, Mr. Ashlock is barely getting by. His 2018 tax return will show an adjusted gross income in the neighborhood of $40,000, better than 2016 and 2017. But he has maxed out his $3,200 credit limit at the local Midas car-repair shop and needs to come up with $5,000 to pay his taxes. He has Social Security but no savings to buy a new car that will let him keep working.Silicon Valley has always been a lottery where immense wealth is secured by a few while everyone else must hope for better luck some other time. Rarely, however, has the disparity been on such stark display as with Uber. Its stock market value is expected to be about $100 billion, which would make it one of the richest Silicon Valley public offerings of all time.[Uber is losing $1.8 billion a year, its I.P.O. filing reveals.]Among those with something to celebrate: Uber’s founders, the Japanese conglomerate SoftBank, the elite venture capitalists Benchmark and Google’s GV, Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund and the mutual fund giant Fidelity. Some have already cashed in. Travis Kalanick, Uber’s co-founder and chief executive until he was forced out after a series of scandals, reaped $1.4 billion by selling fewer than a third of his shares to private investors in 2017.As independent contractors, drivers are not eligible for employee benefits like paid vacations or stock options. Uber said Thursday that it would offer bonuses of $100 to $10,000 to long-serving drivers. Its chief competitor, Lyft, did the same when it went public in March.Mr. Ashlock, who lives with his wife, Daphne, in a rented house in the rural community of Cotati, 50 miles north of San Francisco, will take as much as he can get. But don’t call it a triumph.“Ever see W. C. Fields in ‘The Bank Dick’?” he asked. “He catches a robber and retrieves the stolen $25,000, so the president of the bank gives him a hearty hand clasp and a beautiful illustrated calendar advertising the bank. It’s trivial.”Mr. Ashlock illustrates the hollow promise of the so-called gig economy, which billed itself as being superior to the usual manager-employee relationship. It promised to harness the power of technology to liberate the struggling millions.“Uber is a new way of working: It’s about people having the freedom to start and stop work when they want, at the push of a button,” Mr. Kalanick said in 2016.The old-style taxi companies were an ideal villain. Taxi drivers, Uber proclaimed, were oppressed workers. In a 2014 press release, it said cabdrivers were required to spend “over $40,000 per year just to lease their taxi, so that wealthy taxi company owners can reap the benefits of drivers having no other option to make a living.”Being an Uber driver, by contrast, was “sustainable and profitable,” the company said. Drivers were described as entrepreneurs with a median income of $74,000 in San Francisco and $90,000 in New York. A Denver cabby who switched to Uber was quoted: “I feel emancipated.”The Federal Trade Commission found the claims to be false advertising, and the company agreed to a $20 million settlement.Mr. Ashlock spent a decade as a San Francisco cabdriver in the 1970s and 1980s as he sought to make a living as an artist. He recalls taking home about $500 a week, equivalent to $1,500 now. He bought gas for the cab but did not have to worry about repairs or upkeep.In 2018, working mostly for Uber and a small amount for Lyft, he drove and drove and drove. That produced gross receipts of $88,661. The companies took $20,000 in commissions and fees. He can deduct $30,000 on his taxes for gas and depreciation. A small class-action settlement and Social Security helped his bottom line, but payments on an old student loan hurt it.The more Mr. Ashlock drives, the faster his car depreciates, but it also speeds closer the moment when he will need to spend $23,000 he doesn’t have on a new Altima. He’s driving to pay his car-repair bills — $5,000 in the last six months, plus new tires.“That was Uber’s big innovation — make the drivers absorb the overhead,” he said.“It’s your classic rat race,” said Michael Reich, an expert on the economics of ride-sharing and a co-chairman of the Center on Wage and Employment Dynamics at the University of California, Berkeley. “You get deeper into a hole over time.”Getting out poses its own problems. In a country that values the young and cheap, Mr. Ashlock has few other options to make a living.“I am rather at Uber’s mercy,” he said.Driving for Uber is not a profession that lends itself to fame, but Mr. Ashlock has achieved more than any of his three million peers around the world. He has been quoted extensively, becoming one of ride-sharing’s public faces by presenting a driver’s point of view.He is not an activist. There was a recent strike by drivers in Los Angeles. Mr. Ashlock didn’t even hear about it. When he gets really mad at Uber, his rebellion goes only as far as driving for Lyft. That’s what he did for much of 2017. His adjusted gross income that year was $22,378.His wife, a retired horse trainer who has problems with her health, is not an agitator, either. “I am numb to the whole subject of driving,” she said.On a recent Wednesday, Mr. Ashlock packed a corned beef sandwich, carrots, some C4 energy powder mixed with water, and a Kirkland Extra Strength Energy Shot. At 4:23 p.m., he set off for San Francisco, where the rides are.He was on a Quest. This is Uber-speak for goals the company offers. If he completed 60 trips by Friday morning, for instance, he would get a $30 bonus. An additional 20 trips would yield a further $10. Uber needs drivers out on the streets — if riders have to wait, they might take their own car.If Mr. Ashlock does not choose a Quest, he is assigned one. For full-time drivers, the goals can be lucrative if undependable: Nearly a quarter of Mr. Ashlock’s take-home pay from Uber last year was in the form of incentives. This one, however, was too small to bother with. “Thirty dollars,” he said, “is like ‘I don’t care.’”A few minutes after 3 a.m., Mr. Ashlock was home again. According to Uber, he had made 25 trips in nine hours. He earned $200 in rides after Uber’s commission, plus $11 in tips and a $13 promotional bonus.That’s nearly $25 an hour, which sounds impressive. But it cost $47 to fill up the Altima with gas. And he was actually working longer than he was on the clock. After he dropped off his last passenger and turned off the Uber app, it was 65 miles back to his house.He and his wife used to live in Crockett, which is 20 miles closer to San Francisco, but were evicted when their place was sold two years ago. Their Cotati home, a former farm building, is a bargain for the pricey Bay Area at $1,400 a month. There is lots of room to make art but little natural light.Mr. Ashlock is unsentimental about the cab companies of the past. He knew three cabbies who were murdered. Drivers are safer now, since a credit card is needed to establish an account and get a ride. And they serve people and neighborhoods they never served before.But vomiting is up. Before, he could choose not to pick up 22-year-olds who seemed to have had too much to drink; now he must commit to riders before he sees them. A few times a year, passengers hurl in the back seat.Impersonality is up, too. For Uber to be worth $100 billion, it cannot afford to have lots of humans dealing with the drivers. On a recent Saturday night, just as he was winding down a week with 120 trips, Mr. Ashlock got an email from Uber.“Hi Peter,” it said. “A rider mentioned that an argument on a recent trip with you made them feel uncomfortable.”Which rider? When? What did Mr. Ashlock supposedly say? No details were provided. At other times, Uber’s attempts to be chummy can be grating. In a review of Mr. Ashlock’s March, it observed: “You drove the most at night. You must be quite the night owl.”Uber and Lyft are the first two Silicon Valley companies to go public that rely on millions of low-paid workers. That bothered an anonymous Uber employee, who recently wrote on Medium that “we need to do right by our drivers” and called for an end to “exploitative labor practices imposed on a systemically disempowered work force.”Uber declined to comment, citing the pre-I.P.O. quiet period.On days off, Mr. Ashlock works on his art. He has created mixed-media heads of loved ones, as well as of public figures who irritate him. Mr. Kalanick was an inevitable choice.The entrepreneur’s hair is made of shredded currency, painstakingly glued on a strip at a time. A Yellow Cab is crashing into his left cheek. There is a tattoo of Ayn Rand, the high prophet of selfishness, on his neck.“The sculpture makes me smile,” Mr. Ashlock said. “It’s the only thing about Uber that does.”By the 1950s, men had been seeking — and failing to find — a remedy for hair loss since at least 1550 B.C., when doctors in ancient Egypt recommended anointing bald scalps with the fat of a Nubian ibex or a crushed black lizard boiled in oil.Then along came a young dermatologist named  Norman Orentreich, who tried an experiment: transplanting hair from the back of the head to the scalp. And lo, the transplanted hair grew.Thanks in part to his discovery, a multibillion-dollar global hair transplant industry now exists to provide long-term relief for receding hairlines. His breakthrough also established him as a maverick in cosmetic medicine and a magnet for media coverage, and it ultimately embedded hair plugs in American culture as a totem of male midlife crises — as well as the butt of late-night television jokes.Dr. Orentreich (pronounced OR-en-trike), who died on Jan. 23 at 96, went on to develop other cosmetic countermeasures for aging, but not without controversy. One of his novel treatments — injecting tiny droplets of liquid silicone in the skin to smooth facial wrinkles — raised concerns among some of his peers and drew regulatory scrutiny.In the early 1990s, the Food and Drug Administration said it was illegal to inject silicone, a durable substance that over time may cause ridges in the skin and discoloration, and ordered Dr. Orentreich to stop injecting it into people.Dr. Orentreich’s pioneering approach and personal attention drew actors, artists, models, publishing executives and other high-profile clients to his office, the Orentreich Medical Group, on Fifth Avenue on Manhattan’s Upper East Side.New York Magazine in 1968 described a reporter overhearing Dr. Orentreich tell his nurse that Cary Grant was “not to be kept waiting.” In his diaries, Andy Warhol recounted making an office visit, accompanied by the novelist Truman Capote, in which “Dr. Orentreich gave us free samples” and then “removed the veins from my nose.”Helen Gurley Brown, the editor of Cosmopolitan magazine, once described Dr. Orentreich’s treatments as insider beauty secrets.“I have very fragile hair, and I go to Dr. Orentreich once a month for injections, and that place is wall to wall people,” Ms. Brown told Interview Magazine in 1973. “A lot of them are famous, but of course he ushers them right in and out. But do you think any of these people will admit what they are having done?”In addition to transplants and injections, Dr. Orentreich often prescribed face creams and other products of his own devising.In 1967, his views on maintaining youthful skin — and his status as a skin-care guru to many boldfaced names — attracted splashy coverage in Vogue magazine. The article was headlined, “Can Great Skin Be Created?”Soon, Leonard A. Lauder of Estée Lauder, the cosmetics company founded by his mother, recruited Dr. Orentreich — along with the Vogue editor, Carol Phillips, who had written the article — to help create Clinique, a clinical skin-care line for younger women.Introduced in 1968, the brand came in antiseptic-looking packages and used clinical-sounding phrases like “allergy-tested.” Its beauty counter salespeople wore white lab coats. Dr. Orentreich even helped devise a beauty counter “Clinique Computer,” a device using algorithms to determine a customer’s skin type.Clinique quickly became a department store blockbuster. Its best-selling product, Dramatically Different Moisturizing Lotion, was based on one of Dr. Orentreich’s formulas, and buying it at a beauty counter became a rite of passage for many teenage girls.It was the second multibillion-dollar market that he had a hand in advancing. Today, American beauty products that apply ideas from dermatology to promote skin health or treat problems like acne are cosmetic industry staples.“We were the first, we were the inventor of it — and anyone else is a wannabe,” Mr. Lauder, now the chairman emeritus of the Estée Lauder Companies, said in a telephone interview.Although Dr. Orentreich’s name was not listed on Clinique’s products, his role as its guiding dermatologist paved the way decades later for entrepreneurial plastic surgeons and dermatologists to develop and market skin-care brands under their own names.“He was the groundbreaker there,” said Dr. Michael Kane, a plastic surgeon in New York who had patients in common with Dr. Orentreich and who started his own skin-care line, Kane NY.Norman Orentreich was born on Dec. 26, 1922, in Manhattan and, with his younger brother, Seymour, grew up in tenements on the Lower East Side.His father, David Orentreich, an immigrant from Austria, was a tailor in the garment district. His mother, Anna Scheiner, from Poland, ran a store selling household items.Dr. Orentreich’s entrepreneurial bent emerged early on. He learned to drive when he was 13 during the Great Depression, and earned money parking cars.He graduated from Stuyvesant High School in Manhattan in 1939 and from City College of New York with a bachelor’s in biology and chemistry.While he was an undergraduate, Dr. Orentreich met his future wife, Roslyn Seidner, who was in high school. He was 19 and she was 16. The meeting had been arranged by their parents. Her father, a furrier, had met his father through the garment industry.Dr. Orentreich received an introduction to medicine after he was drafted into the Navy during World War II. From 1943 to 1945, he was stationed at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, where he served in the Navy Medical Corps as a pharmacist’s mate, helping medical officers examine recruits.After the war he attended what is now the New York University School of Medicine, graduating in 1948. From 1950 to 1953 he did postgraduate training in dermatology at the N.Y.U. Medical Center’s skin and cancer unit. He became head of the unit’s hair clinic in 1953.But the medical understanding of hair loss was still in its early stages, and the young doctor had few treatments to offer. To learn more about hair growth and loss, he devised a research study, in which he punched out small circles of skin from the back and front of men’s scalps. He then transplanted the hair that he had removed from the back of the head to bald areas in the front.He soon discovered that the hair he had transplanted from the “donor zone” kept growing, as if it was still in its original place. He termed this phenomenon “donor dominance.”It was a eureka moment. And it led Dr. Orentreich to begin developing hair transplantation surgery as a viable, medically proven treatment.But his idea was so revolutionary that a major dermatology journal declined to publish his research. It was eventually published in the Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences, in 1959. Over the decades, other doctors would refine hair transplantation surgery.Dr. Orentreich kept innovating. In the 1970s, he created  a skin exfoliation sponge made out of soft, synthetic mesh. The 3M company bought the patent and developed the product as the Buf-Puf.He also established the Orentreich Foundation for the Advancement of Science, which studies aging, in the Hudson River village of Cold Spring, N.Y.His son, Dr. David Orentreich, said his father died of complications of pneumonia in Manhattan. In addition to him, he is survived by two daughters, Dr. Catherine Orentreich and Sari Mass, and four grandchildren. David and Catherine Orentreich, both dermatologists, continue to run their father’s practice and also consult for Clinique.MILAN — Preparatory cartoons for Renaissance frescoes — the full-scale drawings that artists used to transfer their designs to the wall — rarely survived the finished commission. Functional and fragile, they weren’t meant for posterity.But thankfully, Raphael’s cartoon for “The School of Athens,” a famous fresco in the Vatican, survived.Commissioned in 1508, the fresco is part of the decoration of a suite of four rooms in the Pontifical Palace — now known as Raphael’s Rooms — that Pope Julius II used as his residence. Along with the Sistine Chapel, these rooms are among the Vatican’s biggest draws.This week the cartoon for the “School of Athens” has gone on public view again after a four-year restoration by the Pinacoteca Ambrosiana, an art gallery in Milan that has had the cartoon in its collection for some 400 years.The boldly colored fresco was painted by Raphael and his assistants, and is set just above eye level. The cartoon, however, was drawn by Raphael alone, and the new layout of the room that houses it — now placed inside a state-of-the-art vitrine with nonreflective glass — lets visitors get up close, enough to detect individual charcoal strokes and shading.Measuring 26 feet by nine feet, it is an outsized testimony to Raphael’s talents.“There are details in the cartoon, sketched in charcoal, that are remarkable for their originality,” Antonella Ranaldi, Milan’s principal official in charge of art and archaeology, said at a news conference on Monday. “It is a precious testimony,” she said.Its value must have been evident to Raphael’s contemporaries, and rather than use the cartoon itself for the fresco, a copy was used and the original was preserved. That copy was destroyed through use when the outlines of the figures and details were pricked with pins, and the cartoon was dabbed with a cloth bag containing charcoal powder to transfer the image to the wallsThe cartoon has been exhibited — off and on — at the Pinacoteca Ambrosiana since 1610, and its founder, Cardinal Federico Borromeo, bought the drawing for the collection in 1626 for 600 imperial lire, “an exorbitant price at the time,” the director of the Pinacoteca, the Rev. Alberto Rocca, said Monday. “It shows how much he wanted it,” he said.One significant restoration of the cartoon was carried out in 1797-78 at the Louvre in Paris, where it ended up — along with other works — after Napoleon’s troops swept through northern Italy in 1796.Since 1966 it has been on display in its own room at the Pinacoteca, but it was set back behind a guardrail. In the new arrangement, visitors can walk directly up to vitrine, made by the Italian display case experts Goppion, who claim it is the largest single-door vitrine in the world.Five years ago, the cartoon came under the scrutiny of a fresh crop of scholars and restorers, who were concerned about its state of conservation. Funded through a private donation, the restoration took four years because of its complex nature, and required various stages of intervention, said the chief restorer, Maurizio Michelozzi. It might have taken time, but it served to provide “a better understanding of the masterpiece,” Mr. Michelozzi said.Because the cartoon was drafted before Raphael began painting the rooms, several figures from the finished fresco in the Vatican are conspicuously absent, including one seated at the base of the steps, leaning against a block of marble. This has traditionally been identified as a portrait of Michelangelo, who was painting the ceiling of the nearby Sistine Chapel while Raphael worked at “The School of Athens” in the papal apartments. Also missing is the figure wearing a black beret on the far right, thought to be a self-portrait of Raphael.Monsignor Rocca said that Cardinal Borromeo, the Pinacoteca’s founder, accused the people of Milan of “spending all their money on dogs and horses: motorcycles and Ferraris in today’s world.” But the restoration — financed by Ramo, the company of Giuseppe Rabolini, an art collector and entrepreneur who died in August 2018 — disproves that criticism, he said.The cartoon has been “fundamental in our history and we are enthusiastic about the results,” he said. Its restoration, he added, “is the fruit of an act of love for art.”UNDERGROUND A Human History of the Worlds Beneath Our Feet By Will HuntA book can often have its greatest impact by rethinking familiar terrain, forcing readers to reconsider their entrenched preconceptions. Sometimes this comes from embracing an unexpected vantage point, as in Howard Zinn’s classic “A People’s History of the United States,” which chronicled American history from the bottom up rather than the top down. The sociologist Sudhir Venkatesh’s work examines the unseen economic and social forces operating all around us; his last book, “Floating City: Hustlers, Strivers, Dealers, Call Girls and Other Lives in Illicit New York,” has forever colored my interactions with the city’s hotel concierges, bartenders and bodega owners.Will Hunt taps into our deep fascination with what lies beneath the surface of things by exploring, quite literally, what’s going on beneath the surface. His book, “Underground: A Human History of the Worlds Beneath Our Feet,” delves into the natural and manufactured caves, catacombs, mines and tunnels that dot the globe in both urban and rural settings. Using assorted scientists, tribesmen, urban adventurers and other locals as his guides, Hunt has spent years burrowing into the most storied holes in the grounds.ImageCreditGonzalo Fuentes/ReutersIn following his journey — from New York’s subways to the Parisian catacombs and from Australian ochre mines to the prehistoric caves of the French Pyrenees — it soon becomes clear that Hunt is less interested in what he actually finds underground than in his own obsession with this dark world. Yes, we encounter plenty of graffiti, cave paintings, stalactites, subterranean creatures and remnants of religious rituals. But “Underground” is most concerned with understanding the fixation, shared by humans for millenniums, with these hidden realms.The connections Hunt makes — for instance, between his own experience as a teenager exploring an abandoned train tunnel in Providence, R.I., and a young Mexican man who discovered the walled sanctuary within the ancient Mayan Balankanche cave — sometimes feel strained. Similarly, some of his sweeping conclusions (for instance, that “our connection to caves may well be our most universal, most deeply inscribed, perhaps our original religious tradition”) seem overblown. That said, if not taken too seriously, Hunt’s musings on our relationship to the underground world, drawing on literary, academic and mythological sources, are both provocative and satisfying.The real pleasure of “Underground,” however, is not to be found in its philosophical reflections. Rather it is in simply following Hunt on his quest, meeting those he encounters along the way and learning about those who came before. Whether attempting to traverse the entire six-mile length of Paris underground (spoiler alert: He doesn’t quite pull it off), tracking down the mysterious New York subway graffiti artist who over six years produced 235 large autobiographical panels in the tunnels, or profiling the original entrepreneurs who figured out subterranean photography and mapmaking, Hunt proves an able chaperone.At the end of your excursion through “Underground,” you are unlikely to partake in Hunt’s longtime obsession. But you may never look at a hole in the ground in quite the same way again.The first season of “The Chi,” on Showtime, pulled a solid audience for a premium-cable prestige drama — about 700,000 an episode, enough to bring it back for a second season that starts Sunday. It didn’t do so well with awards voters and critics, though: not a single Emmy or Golden Globes nomination and, despite generally good reviews, no love in the year-end lists.That combination wasn’t what one might have predicted for a show created by the writer and actress Lena Waithe in the wake of her groundbreaking Emmy victory for the critical darling “Master of None.” (She was the first African-American woman to win the comedy-writing award.) And the palpable lack of buzz was a little mystifying for those of us who thought “The Chi” was one of last year’s best shows. Or maybe that was just me.One theory: “The Chi” wasn’t the type of good show that people were expecting, or hoping for, from Lena Waithe. It was earnest and domestic and largely traditional, a conspicuously well-made drama rather than a zeitgeist-y identity comedy. It didn’t look like “Master of None” or “Atlanta”; it called to mind the densely plotted, ZIP Code-as-destiny shows of David Simon, particularly “Treme.”But Waithe’s series, set in Chicago’s South Side and focused on the entwined lives of four African-American males, had a lightness and (at times) a lyricism that Simon’s shows could benefit from.“The Chi” was built around a series of shootings, and the way their repercussions rippled out through the lives of its large cast. But its best material was casual and observational. The testy relationships of the aspiring chef Brandon (Jason Mitchell) with his live-in girlfriend, Jerrika (Tiffany Boone), and his entrepreneurial frenemy Hannibal (Chris Lee) felt fresh. Even more original and entertaining were the story lines involving the middle schoolers Kevin (Alex Hibbert), Papa (Shamon Brown Jr.) and Maisha (Genesis Denise Hale), whose hilariously passive-aggressive pursuit of the mild-mannered Kevin was the show’s single best idea.That first season can be streamed on Showtime’s website or through Amazon Prime Video. It’s necessary if you’re going to understand what’s going on in Season 2, and maybe it’s sufficient. Because through five episodes of the new season, a lot of the shine is gone from “The Chi.” The story lines are largely continuous: the fallout from the killing of Brandon’s younger brother by the tortured Ronnie (Ntare Guma Mbaho Mwine); the strife between the player Emmett (Jacob Latimore) and Tiffany (Hannaha Hall), the mother of his child; Brandon’s constantly stymied efforts to get his food-truck business off the ground.But the urgency has faded from them, partly because of a sense that the bones of Season 1 are being gnawed over for too long, but mostly because the show’s sensitivity and unpredictability are, at almost every moment, shading over into conventional melodrama and self-conscious point making. As characters make speeches about fatherhood and police corruption, and we sit through stiff, sentimental flashbacks to Ronnie’s stressful return from military duty in the Middle East, the show starts to feel like an earlier Showtime drama set in Chicago, the buppie soap opera “Soul Food.”The middle schoolers are still used for comic relief — selling candy bars to parishioners as they break a fast, engaging in a food fight on school picture day — but the situations have more of a tinny sitcom quality, and the young actors’ performances are correspondingly less joyful. (Hale still makes the most of every minute onscreen, though.) Mitchell and Latimore feel stuck, too, with Brandon’s and Emmett’s stories taking on a flattened, didactic tone they didn’t have in Season 1. The major new twist to the plot, a mystery element apparently involving gentrification, is playing out slowly but already feels forced into what’s been a distinctively organic narrative.The cast turnover between seasons was small, though Sonja Sohn, as Brandon’s hard-edge mother, and Steven Williams, as an old-school gangbanger, are missed. The one big change was the replacement of the showrunner Elwood Reid by Ayanna Floyd Davis. Their producing and writing credits aren’t dissimilar — “The Bridge” and “Cold Case” for Reid, “Empire” and “Hannibal” for Davis — and it’s never a good idea to place too much credit or blame on one person in the ecosystem of a TV series. But chemistry matters, and in Season 2 the formula’s off.LONDON — If Britain’s exit from the European Union, or Brexit, had a mascot, what would it look like?While Britain pushes on with negotiations for its imminent departure, the Dutch have been ruminating on the answer to a question that no one has ever asked.Brexit, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the Netherlands has decided, is a fluffy blue monster with an oversize head, blue eyes, black pants and a white T-shirt emblazoned with the word “Brexit” in red.The Dutch minister of foreign affairs, Stef Blok,  shared a photograph on Twitter  on Thursday of him standing in an office with a confused expression and throwing his arms up as the Brexit monster relaxed on a desk in front of him.The mascot was immediately christened the “Brexit Muppet” by  social media users.The label also drew a wry collective sniff from Britons for whom the term “muppet” is a mild insult.The blue Brexit monster is apparently the distillation of Dutch fears of the unknown as Britain has spent more than two years negotiating the minutiae of its departure from the European Union and a no-deal exit seems more likely.The prospect of Britain crashing out of the bloc has alarmed many member states, including the Netherlands.The monster is part of the Dutch government’s “Brexit Loket,” which roughly translates to Brexit information desk, a hub of business resources to avoid having “Brexit get in your way,” according to the campaign’s tagline.The Netherlands concluded that the furry monster was the best way to warn its businesses that operate in the United Kingdom about the potential impact of Britain’s departure from the customs union.“Brexit is not only on the desk of the Dutch minister, but it is something that everybody has to deal with,” said Dirk-Jan Vermeij, spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. “It is essential that entrepreneurs prepare for all Brexit scenarios, including no-deal.”The Netherlands is clearly trying to allay any concern about how its companies will be affected by Britain’s divorce from the trading bloc: The country is one of Britain’s top trading partners, and the Dutch economy could lose out on 10 billion euros, or $11.3 billion, worth of trade because of Brexit, according to the Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis.“In terms of the countries exposed to Brexit, the Netherlands is one of the biggest,” John Springford, deputy director of the Center for European Reform in London, said on Thursday by phone.“No-deal Brexit would be the largest hit, but all of the different scenarios are going to entail some sort of economic cost,” he added.In spite of the warnings the Netherlands issued to its businesses over the possible negative impact of Britain’s departure from the European Union, the Dutch are also positioning themselves to benefit from it.The Dutch government has been selling itself as an alternative for firms based in Britain that are looking to keep their operations in the trading bloc, and it recently boasted that it was in talks with 250 companies about moving.Britain, for its part, is steeling itself for the loss of some international business as one consequence of Brexit.In case of a no-deal departure, the British government is preparing for a 9.3 percent drop in the country’s gross domestic product, food shortages, a dearth of medicines and even power blackouts.Supporters of Brexit have dismissed such warnings as “scaremongering.”Though odd, the Brexit monster was a hit on social media, with one person tweeting: “Omg this really is for real. A Brexit Muppet. Lordy I love the Dutch.”[The seven factors that will help decide who wins on Tuesday.]If you need evidence that next month’s special election for New York City public advocate is vastly different than any ordinary election, look no further than Theo Chino — though you will no longer see his name on the ballot.Just four minutes before the Jan. 14 midnight filing deadline, Mr. Chino submitted his petitions to run for the position — one of the last of 24 potential candidates to do so.Because ballot order in the Feb. 26 special election is determined by order of petition submission, Mr. Chino, 46, a self-described bitcoin entrepreneur, was slated to be listed toward the very bottom of a ballot that is likely to rank as one of the longest in city history.But after ballot challenges and other technical reasons, Mr. Chino and six other candidates were disqualified, leaving 17 challengers in New York City’s first citywide special election, which was necessitated by Letitia James’s win in the race for state attorney general in November. The contest is nonpartisan, so there will be no party primaries, and candidates must run under their own party lines — often hinting at a candidate’s priorities.[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]The CandidatesThe field for the Feb. 26 contest is extraordinarily deep.It begins with one of the presumed front-runners, the former City Council speaker, Melissa Mark-Viverito, who was the first to submit her petition signatures (candidates must have at least 3,750 signatures to qualify to run).Ms. Mark-Viverito is running on the Fix the M.T.A. line; Michael Blake, a Bronx assemblyman who will appear second on the ballot, is running on the For the People line.Here is the rest of the field, in the preliminary ballot order (although court challenges could change things):3. Dawn Smalls, No More Delays: former lawyer in the Obama administration4. Eric A. Ulrich, Common Sense: Queens city councilman5. Ydanis Rodriguez, Unite Immigrants: Manhattan city councilman6. Daniel J. O’Donnell, Equality For All: Manhattan assemblyman7. Rafael L. Espinal Jr., Livable City: Brooklyn city councilman8. Latrice M. Walker, Power Forward: Brooklyn assemblywoman9. Jumaane D. Williams, It’s Time Let’s Go: Brooklyn city councilman10. Ron Kim, No Amazon: Queens assemblyman11. Benjamin L. Yee, Community Strong: entrepreneur and activist12. A. Manny Alicandro, Better Leaders: lawyer13. Nomiki D. Konst, Pay Folks More: journalist and activist14. David Eisenbach, Stop Rebny: Columbia University history professor and ex-candidate for public advocate15. Jared Rich, Jared Rich For NYC: lawyer16. Anthony Herbert, Residents First: community activist17. Helal A. Sheikh, Friends Of Helal: a one-time City Council candidateThe money gameThis is the first election with the new $8 to $1 public financing option approved by voters. Under the new rules, donations from city residents are capped at $1,000 but the city will match the first $250 on an $8 to $1 basis. Candidates can also choose the previous $6 to $1 match on the first $175 with a higher donation limit of $2,550.In order to qualify for matching funds, candidates must raise a minimum of $62,500 in contributions from city residents. A handful of candidates met that threshold in the first filing period, giving them an early leg up.Mr. Blake, 36, the Bronx assemblyman and a vice chairman of the Democratic National Committee, topped all fund-raisers with close to $302,000 raised. He has $212,000 in cash on hand, according to filings from the Campaign Finance Board. With the $8 to $1 match, Mr. Blake’s campaign said they expect to have raised close to $1 million.Mr. Williams came in second in fund-raising with more than $204,000 in contributions and now has more than $113,000 on hand.Ms. Smalls, 41, a first-time candidate, raised close to $179,000 and has nearly $104,000 on hand. She said she expects to have raised close to $800,000 once matching funds are calculated, placing her third in fund-raising.Mr. Espinal, a city councilman who represents Brooklyn, was the only other candidate to meet the matching funds threshold so far.Mr. Espinal, 34, raised close to $125,000 and has $94,000 in cash. Almost $69,000 in donations were eligible for the match.Ms. Mark-Viverito, 49, has not yet met that threshold; she has just over $50,000 in donations that are eligible to be matched. Political experts said that failing to meet the matching fund-raising threshold for the first filing puts Ms. Mark-Viverito at a slight disadvantage.“The likelihood is that she will get the match, but the quicker you get there, the quicker the funds are dispersed,” said Bruce Gyory, a Democratic political consultant. “This is not a September primary.”He added that the petition and fund-raising filings could signal a shift in the race.“There were two tests: Where you landed on the ballot in a crowded field and how much money you raised,” Mr. Gyory said. “Blake and Smalls did well on both tests and there are now four top tier candidates.”Mr. O’Donnell, 57, the Manhattan assemblyman, came close with over $60,000 in donations that count toward the match. He raised almost $90,000 and has almost $65,000 in cash.The back storyMayor Bill de Blasio called the Feb. 26 election earlier this month after former public advocate Letitia James was elected as state attorney general in November. The winner will hold office for only a few months.A primary will then be held in September followed by a general election in November. The winner of that contest will fill the remainder of Ms. James’s term, which runs until the end of 2021.The ballot positions, number of candidates and matching fund totals could shift if candidates challenge the accuracy of one another’s petitions and once the campaign finance board audits donations.Candidates are already focusing on everything from buses and subways to public housing, privacy rights, increasing the minimum wage and improving the quality of life in the city.“I truly believe this election will be won by the candidate that reaches the most people, lets them know there is an election on Feb. 26 and gives them a candidate to vote for,” Ms. Smalls said. “You have to give people a reason to show up to the polls on a cold February day.”In a field this deep, some of the lesser-known candidates may have difficulty breaking through, which could lead to some unorthodox campaign moments.In early January, Mr. Chino heckled Mr. de Blasio in Harlem during an announcement about a plan to provide discounted MetroCards for the poor. He believes public transportation should be free.He was intercepted and briefly detained by police officers, who perhaps correctly sensed Mr. Chino’s air of unpredictability.“This is not your regular election,” Mr. Chino said. “They don’t know what I’m going to do.”With Mr. Chino’s disqualification, his words proved prophetic.Over the past few weeks, NASA has been celebrating a pending milestone: the first-ever all-female spacewalk (just in time for Women’s History Month, even!). It wasn’t until Monday, just a few days before this week’s planned mission to have two women step into space to install powerful batteries on the International Space Station’s solar panels, that the crew realized the highly publicized plan had a major problem.There weren’t enough spacesuits that fit the female astronauts. We will not be celebrating an all-female spacewalk this week, after all.The news brought back a vivid memory from when I served aboard an aircraft carrier about a decade ago, flying jets for the Navy. It was the time when a maintenance chief casually asked me to sign a seemingly innocuous paper, which, upon closer inspection, was in fact a form saying that I understood that the ejection seat on my jet was not designed for someone of my height and weight. I wasn’t close to the size of an average man, so there was an increased risk of major injury if I used the safety equipment for its stated emergency purpose. By signing, I agreed to waive the Navy’s liability were something to happen to me if it malfunctioned.After two years of my flying jets for the military, it was as if someone suddenly noticed that my 5-foot-2-inch female frame wasn’t what the men who built the plane, designed the safety gear and tested the emergency procedures had in mind. Ironically, the biggest systemic barriers to my pursuing a naval career — including the Navy’s policy regarding women flying in combat — had been lifted years before. But the physical legacies of an era when men made decisions with other men in mind persisted.Judging from the NASA news, this is still true.It’s an important reminder that while we often focus on major systemic issues facing working women — problems like gender-based wage gaps, family leave policies, career pipelines for women in underrepresented fields — the “little things” really do matter. Things like the lack of adequate lactation rooms in most office buildings, antiquated office dress codes that require women to wear high heels to work and the size of safety gear available for female astronauts.In my current role, leading an all-girls school, I know that these seemingly small things make a big difference in how our next generation imagines their futures. My students are well aware of the institutional barriers they are likely to face, particularly if they follow a passion for computer science or engineering, want to become an entrepreneur or pursue any of the various professions in which women are still greatly underrepresented. They know that they will be held to a different standard, their style of leadership may be questioned, and gender norms will make it that much harder to juggle family and work. They understand what obstacles to expect and are ready for what’s to come.But we less frequently and effectively prepare them for the little stuff. Like the fact that the temperature setting in most workplaces is calibrated to men’s metabolic rates, so women are often uncomfortably cold, especially when the air-conditioning kicks in. Or that until recently, even the White House did not have enough lactation rooms for the moms who wanted to work there. These are unfortunate realities that shouldn’t be ignored. Not simply because if we don’t shine a spotlight on the issues, things will never change, but also because our girls need to understand and be prepared for the world that awaits them.This week’s news from NASA reminds us why it’s so critical to talk honestly about the lasting legacies of a gender-biased era — the “little” things that will affect the daily lives and careers of women for decades to come. When we don’t, it turns out that even the world’s best rocket scientists can forget that spacesuits were originally designed and built for men. Our girls — tomorrow’s astronauts — deserve better than that.Marisa Porges is head of school at the Baldwin School in Bryn Mawr, Pa., and author of the forthcoming book “What Girls Need.”The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.To opera devotees who on principle believe that productions of a cornerstone work should be true to the original setting, I say get thee to Verdi’s “Falstaff” at the Metropolitan Opera. Robert Carsen’s 2013 production, which returned on Friday, is an exhilarating demonstration of how an insightful updating can reveal a great opera anew.From the vibrant performances of this winning cast, headed by the powerhouse baritone Ambrogio Maestri, who owns the title role, it seemed clear that the singers relished the chance this production provides to bring fresh immediacy to Verdi’s characters.Mr. Carsen sees Verdi’s bustling comic opera as overcast with melancholy. The entitled aristocracy is losing sway as new class structures allow self-made men to emerge. To bring out those resonances he shifts the Elizabethean setting to 1950s England, when an entrepreneurial population was emerging.The first scene, set in Falstaff’s room at the Garter Inn, shows the lumpy Sir John loitering in bed in a commodious oak-paneled room in a fading hotel. Room-service carts cluttered with dirty dishes are scattered everywhere. The whiny Dr. Caius (Tony Stevenson) accuses Falstaff of causing drunken chaos at his house the previous night. Falstaff’s slovenly henchmen (sung by Keith Jameson and Richard Bernstein) bicker with their boss.But when Mr. Maestri’s gigantic Falstaff finally stands up, he’s a scraggly, pathetic sight in his grimy long johns. Yes, Falstaff is a debt-ridden, self-deluded mooch. But when Mr. Maestri, in chilling voice, delivers Falstaff’s defense of his girth as an embodiment of stature and potency, you feel sympathy for this laughingstock of a knight.The second scene, in the garden of Alice Ford’s house, is shifted to a charming restaurant in Windsor where the merry wives, wearing colorful, slightly ostentatious dresses, are having a lunch date. The singers look charming and sing wonderfully: the soprano Ailyn Pérez, in plush voice as Alice; the rich-toned mezzo-soprano Jennifer Johnson Cano, a knowing Meg Page; the impressive contralto Marie-Nicole Lemieux, a plucky Mistress Quickly; and the exquisite soprano Golda Schultz, endearing as Nannetta, Alice’s daughter, who pines for young Fenton. Who is Fenton in this concept? A smitten waiter at the restaurant, here the ardent tenor Francesco Demuro. It’s perfect.My favorite scene comes at the end of Act II, when Falstaff arrives at Alice Ford’s house for what he thinks will be a secret rendezvous with her. (It’s a scam the women have concocted to teach him a lesson.) Mr. Carsen places it in a spacious Betty Crocker kitchen with bright yellow cabinets and gleaming appliances. Ms. Schultz’s Nannetta, wearing pedal-pushers and an oversized shirt, comes storming in, grabs a big bowl of Jell-O from the refrigerator, sits at the kitchen table and digs in glumly. What’s the matter? Practically crying, she says that her father (an ambitious businessman type, the robust baritone Juan Jesús Rodríguez) is going to make her marry Dr. Caius! The women just laugh: Caius? That fossil, that fool? They won’t let it happen. This staging touch brings out the feminist subtext of the opera: that for all the patriarchal bonds of society, women are ascendant and emboldening each other.The noted British conductor Richard Farnes, who was music director of Opera North in England for 12 years, led this “Falstaff” in his Met debut, with mixed results. Stretches of Verdi’s miraculous score had élan, color and clarity. But there were glitches and moments of poor ensemble. The performance may settle in. And opera lovers, especially those wary of updating, should not miss this inspired production of Verdi’s final opera.The director Jonas Akerlund works hard to deliver on the title of “Lords of Chaos,” a tale of bad music and terrible deeds. Inspired by a true story, the movie ladles up lots of pulpy bits and buckets of blood to tell a depressing, depressingly familiar story about what happens when young men with apparent means and a whole lot of free time get together to build their own precariously hermetic world. In this case, their clubhouse was the Norwegian black-metal scene of the 1980s and early ’90s, which combined anomie with face paint, speed metal and Linda Blair’s devilish vocalizations from “The Exorcist.”Norwegian black metal started to make mainstream news when some of its adherents were arrested on charges of murder, arson and other crimes. (They torched churches.) The bleak story is charted in the book “Lords of Chaos,” whose sensationalist subtitle — “The Bloody Rise of the Satanic Metal Underground” — could serve as the movie’s elevator pitch (though “rise and fall” would be more accurate for the movie). Written by Akerlund and Dennis Magnusson, the screen version centers on Oystein Aarseth (a nicely slippery Rory Culkin), an entrepreneurial musician and professed Satanist who adopts the stage name Euronymous, after a Greek flesh-eating demon.The movie’s subject is ostensibly outré, but the narrative arc is all too familiar, tracking Oystein’s journey with his group Mayhem from garage-band anonymity to breaking-news infamy. In a voice-over that skews (for reasons you learn later) more sardonic than Culkin’s onscreen performance, Oystein lays out his origin story (he takes credit for inventing Norwegian black metal) and fills in the world he helped make. He’s selling a band and a flamboyant brand that grow more nihilistic and death-oriented as their notoriety and followers increase. One minute, the band is just a motley crew of hard-playing party monsters; the next, one guy is turning fragments of a dead bandmate’s shattered skull into jewelry.Akerlund, a  veteran music-video director who intersperses “Lords of Chaos” with mildly surrealistic bursts, never establishes a coherent or interesting point of view. The tone unproductively veers from the goofy to the creepy, which creates a sense that he was still figuring it out in the editing. He skates over the story’s sociopolitical stakes but goes hard on the cheap shocks: a dead cat hanging from a ceiling like a fixture, bozo fans gnawing on a severed pig’s head mid-concert, close-ups of knives digging and plunging into bodies. He doesn’t seem to care much about those bodies, including that of a gay man who is sexually lured, and brutally murdered, by one of Oystein’s cohort.It’s never clear why things go as wrong as they do, other than Oystein’s brand marketing was disastrously successful. The character here certainly has a gift for dubious choices and bad company, including a singer portentously named Dead (Jack Kilmer, exuding low-key, melancholic charisma), and a creepy enthusiast, Kristian Vikernes (Emory Cohen), a.k.a. Varg, a.k.a. Count Grishnackh. Periodically someone rails against religion and conformity for a bit of lukewarm rebel posing, but all this soon sounds like a broken record at a party you’d like to leave. Far more effective is a scene in which a blank young man relaxes in his middle-class home shortly before killing a stranger for no reason at all.Nipsey Hussle, the Grammy-nominated rapper, entrepreneur and advocate for his native South Los Angeles, was fatally shot outside his clothing store in that city’s Hyde Park neighborhood on Sunday afternoon.Nipsey Hussle, born Ermias Joseph Asghedom, was pronounced dead just before 4 p.m. local time, according to the Los Angeles County Coroner.News of the 33-year-old’s death, in a shooting that left two others wounded, prompted an outpouring of support from the Los Angeles community that he championed.“Our hearts are with the loved ones of Nipsey Hussle and everyone touched by this awful tragedy,” Eric Garcetti, the mayor of Los Angeles, said in a tweet. “L.A. is hurt deeply each time a young life is lost to senseless gun violence.”The actress Issa Rae, who also grew up in South Los Angeles, expressed her admiration for the rapper on Twitter.[Update: Man suspected in Nipsey Hussle shooting is charged with murder.]“Watching Nipsey inspired me to invest and own in our communities,” Ms. Rae said. “He was a solid man who loved his woman, his family and his community. This hurts.”Of the two others wounded in the shooting, one was taken to the hospital and is in stable condition while the other suffered only a graze wound, the police said. All three were shot in the parking lot outside The Marathon Clothing, a store that Nipsey Hussle opened in 2017. The authorities had not identified a suspect or motive as of Monday afternoon.A Los Angeles fixture since the mid-2000s, Nipsey Hussle first drew widespread acclaim in hip-hop for his three-part mixtape series, “Bullets Ain’t Got No Name.” His stage name is a twist on the comedian Nipsey Russell.“Victory Lap,” his debut album, was nominated this year for best rap album at the Grammy Awards, losing to Cardi B’s “Invasion of Privacy.”“My whole energy is just at a low right now hearing this,” the rapper Drake, who collaborated with Nipsey Hussle, wrote on Instagram. “You were a real one to your people and to the rest of us. I’m only doing this here cause I want the world to know I saw you as a man of respect and a don. Rest easy my g.”Rihanna also mourned the rapper’s death on Instagram, posting photos of him with his daughter at the Grammy’s in February.“This doesn’t make any sense! My spirit is shaken by this,” she said.Nipsey Hussle had collaborated with artists including Snoop Dogg and YG, drawing from his city’s tradition of gangster rap and intricate street-level storytelling. In 2013, he created industry buzz by creating only 1,000 physical copies of his mixtape “Crenshaw,” an independent release that sold for $100 at a pop-up shop and was freely available online. He said Jay-Z bought 100 copies.“Nipsey was not only one of the greatest artists we worked with but an amazing father and leader in his community,” Nipsey Hussle’s label, Atlantic Records, said in a statement. “One of the kindest and brightest stars in the universe, he was inspiring to all.”By Monday morning, hundreds of mourners had gathered to pay their respects outside the store. Some fans prayed and cried while others laid down candles, flowers and signs to express their condolences. A steady flow of passing cars played tracks from Nipsey Hussle’s latest album.The rapper was a strong advocate for the South Los Angeles community where he was raised.In his teens, Nipsey Hussle dropped out of high school and became involved in street life as he tried to make a career in music.He identified as a member of the Rollin 60’s Crips gang, which he chalked up to history, circumstance and survival.“I’m not promoting it. I’m just speaking on it,” he said in a 2010 interview with Complex. “I’m more focused on giving solutions and inspiration more than anything.”Despite that affiliation, the rapper spoke out about gun violence and had plans to meet on Monday afternoon with representatives from Jay-Z’s Roc Nation and officials from the Los Angeles Police Department to talk about preventing gang violence, according to Steve Soboroff, the Los Angeles police commissioner.He was also an outspoken representative of the Crenshaw neighborhood and helped to promote the community’s art and culture.“From the beginning, Nipsey Hussle has been a critical part of #DestinationCrenshaw, even inspiring the name!” Marqueece Harris-Dawson, a city councilman who represents South Los Angeles, said on Instagram. “Destination Crenshaw” is a community project designed to promote black cultural history in South Los Angeles.Last year, Nipsey Hussle, who taught himself how to build computers, helped to launch a center in the Crenshaw district dedicated to connecting underrepresented groups with technology companies.“Growing up as a kid, I was looking for somebody — not to give me anything — but somebody that cared,” he told The Los Angeles Times. “Someone that was creating the potential for change and that had an agenda outside of their own self interests.”Nipsey Hussle was in a relationship with the actress and model Lauren London, with whom he had a son, Kross. He also had a daughter, Emani, from a previous relationship.Mark Ridley-Thomas, a Los Angeles County supervisor who represents South Los Angeles, said Nipsey Hussle “was a father, businessman, entertainer, and inspiration to many.”“We mourn his sudden and tragic passing and send his family our deepest condolences,” he said.Stream Netflix’s behind-the-scenes documentary on the failed Fyre Fest, and the Season 5 premiere of “Grace and Frankie.”What’s StreamingFYRE: THE GREATEST PARTY THAT NEVER HAPPENED on Netflix. The viral unraveling of Fyre Festival became a big punch lines of 2017. What was originally billed as an ultraluxury music festival in the Bahamas — organized by the entrepreneur Billy McFarland and the rapper Ja Rule, and promoted by supermodels like Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid — in fact involved soggy tents and deconstructed cheese sandwiches upon the arrival of hundreds of festivalgoers. The documentarian Chris Smith, who directed “Jim & Andy: The Great Beyond,” dives into what went wrong, and how millennial revelers were duped, by talking with festival organizers. Absent from Netflix’s documentary is an interview with McFarland, who was sentenced to six years in prison for fraud in October. He gave an exclusive interview to Hulu, which released its show about the festival, “Fyre Fraud,” days before the Netflix release. In his review of both films, Wesley Morris of The New York Times says, “You watch both movies in a kind of fascinated horror at how easy it was for McFarland to create a network of what appears to be unwitting co-conspirators to help him plan an experience that wound up losing $24 million.”CARMEN SANDIEGO on Netflix. Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? You can find her on Netflix in that streaming service’s new animated show, voiced by Gina Rodriguez. The 10-episode series is based on the globe-trotting criminal mastermind of the late-1980s educational video games, but aims to uncover more about the title character’s back story, from her time as a student at V.I.L.E. Training Academy for Thieves through to her transformation to a crook who steals valuable artifacts from other crooks. Finn Wolfhard, of “Stranger Things,” stars alongside Rodriguez in the series as her trusted sidekick, Player.GRACE AND FRANKIE on Netflix. The complete fifth season of this buddy comedy finds the title characters (played by Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin) continuing in the new chapters of their lives since their husbands (played by Martin Sheen and Sam Waterston) revealed they are gay and left their wives for each other. If Netflix’s trailer is any indication, fans can expect breaking-and-entering, New Age cults, marijuana edibles, some ill-timed nudity, a guest appearance by RuPaul and possibly even new love interests for the frenemies.What’s on TVCHRIS DISTEFANO: SIZE 38 WAIST 11 p.m. on Comedy Central. This New York comedian, who just signed an overall deal with Comedy Central, performs standup in his hourlong special, in which he criticizes grown men in suits commuting to work on scooters, and likens his 2-year-old daughter to “a miniature baby woman.”REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER 10 p.m. on HBO. This comedian and satirist begins the 17th season of his talk show with the N.F.L. running back Marshawn Lynch and John R. Kasich, whose term as governor of Ohio ended this week.Watch the new revival of “Roswell” on CW as the reboots keep on comin’. Or catch the Season 2 premiere of “Corporate” on Comedy Central.What’s on TVROSWELL, NEW MEXICO 9 p.m. on CW.  This sci-fi series based on the young adult book series “Roswell High” gets a revival 20 years after its debut. Jeanine Mason (“Grey’s Anatomy”) stars as Liz, a native of Roswell, N.M., who returns home 10 years after leaving and discovers that her old crush, Max (Nathan Dean Parsons), has supernatural powers — and he’s not the only alien around. The show sticks to the original’s main plot points, but retells them in the context of today’s politics.AMERICAN EXPERIENCE: THE SWAMP 9 p.m. on PBS (check local listings). Not far from Miami lies Everglades National Park, a 1.5 million-acre wetland that is home to the American crocodile and the Florida panther. Today it is guarded as a mesmerizing tropical ecosystem, but more than a century ago entrepreneurs and politicians saw it as a useless swamp ripe for development. This documentary, loosely based on a book by the journalist Michael Grunwald, charts the disastrous consequences of repeated attempts to drain the Everglades and the work that led to President Franklin D. Roosevelt authorizing the park’s creation in 1934.DRUNK HISTORY 10 p.m. on Comedy Central. Season 6 begins with a parody of the children’s horror series “Are You Afraid of the Dark?” in which an inebriated Rich Fulcher tells the “Frankenstein” origin story around a campfire. Evan Rachel Wood plays Mary Shelley, Elijah Wood portrays Mary’s husband, Percy, and Seth Rogen assumes the role of Victor Frankenstein.CORPORATE 10:30 p.m. on Comedy Central. The New York Times’s television critics named this dark workplace comedy series one of the best new shows of 2018. Margaret Lyons wrote: “‘Corporate’ is as nihilistic as they come, so bleak it often becomes absurd and even supernatural.” In this Season 2 opener, Matt (Matt Ingebretson) suppresses a potential crush on a new co-worker, and his ruthless boss (Lance Reddick) makes an acquisition.What’s StreamingREVENGER (2018) stream on Netflix. A former detective (Bruce Khan) goes undercover as a death-row convict to infiltrate a remote prison island and avenge his family’s murder in this South Korean action flick.THE SNAPPER (1993) stream on Hulu; rent on iTunes, Amazon, Google Play, Vudu and YouTube. Sharon (Tina Kellegher), a young checkout clerk from the Dublin suburbs, catches her tight-knit family off guard when she announces she is pregnant after a drunken night out. The blow isn’t just that she is expecting — it’s that she can’t remember who the father is (or so she claims). Her friends and family, led by the ill-tempered patriarch Dessie (Colm Meaney), support her nonetheless but are thrown another fastball with rumors that the mystery man is a married neighbor and father of one of Sharon’s friends. Writing in The Times, Vincent Canby called the comedy a “small, joyful lark of a film.”BEIJING — The Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei has fired an employee who was arrested in Poland on charges of spying for the Chinese government, saying in a statement late Saturday that the worker had brought “disrepute” to the company.Huawei said that the alleged actions that the employee, Wang Weijing, had been accused of had nothing to do with the company.“In accordance with the terms and conditions of Huawei’s labor contract, we have made this decision because the incident in question has brought Huawei into disrepute,” a company spokesman, Joe Kelly, said.The Polish authorities announced the arrests of Mr. Wang and a Polish telecommunications worker on Friday. That move came at a time of growing concern among the United States and its allies about Chinese technology suppliers, and after the December arrest in Canada of Huawei’s chief financial officer and the daughter of the company’s founder.Huawei’s equipment is used in mobile phone and internet networks around the world. But American officials have for years considered the company to be vulnerable to efforts by Beijing to spy on Americans or sabotage their communication systems.Huawei denies that it operates as an extension of Beijing. Still, as the company has grown to become the world’s top supplier of telecommunications gear, the United States government has worked to discourage American mobile carriers and consumers from buying its equipment. Washington has shared its security concerns with allied governments in Europe and elsewhere.On Dec. 1, Meng Wanzhou, Huawei’s chief financial officer, was arrested in Canada at the request of the United States. American investigators have accused her of deceiving financial institutions about Huawei’s business in Iran, causing them to inadvertently violate United States sanctions. The Canadian legal authorities have not yet decided whether Ms. Meng will be extradited to the United States.Diplomatic tensions between China and Canada jumped after Ms. Meng’s arrest, with Beijing detaining several Canadians in what were seen as tit-for-tat arrests. Among those still being held in China are Michael Kovrig, an experienced diplomat and Sinophile who had spent years investigating sensitive subjects like the human rights of minority groups in China; and Michael Spavor, an entrepreneur with high-level contacts in North Korea.The second person arrested by the Polish authorities this past week was an employee of Orange, the French telecommunications company. Orange’s office was raided, and the employee’s belongings were seized. Polish officials did not offer more details about what the two men were accused of, but said that they would be held for three months while the investigation continued.Poland is Huawei’s headquarters for Central and Eastern Europe and the Nordic region.A LinkedIn profile for Mr. Wang showed he has been employed by Huawei’s Polish division since 2011 and previously served as attaché to the Chinese general consul in Gdansk from 2006 to 2011, according to Reuters.Europe has been an important market for Huawei. Largely shut out of the United States, the company has found many eager customers in Europe, both for its smartphones and for its telecommunications equipment.As cellular providers around the world prepare to build networks using fifth-generation, or 5G, wireless technology, Huawei has tested new equipment with a number of major European carriers.[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]The man accused of mailing pipe bombs to critics of President Trump is expected to plead guilty next week in federal court in Manhattan, the court’s docket shows.The defendant, Cesar A. Sayoc Jr., a fervent Trump supporter, sent homemade bombs created with PVC pipe and glass shards to prominent Democrats, including Hillary Clinton and former President Barack Obama, as well as to CNN and the actor Robert DeNiro, the authorities said.The court’s docket entry states only that there is a plea scheduled for Thursday, but it does not indicate what charges Mr. Sayoc will plead guilty to. He was indicted in November on 30 federal charges, including using a weapon of mass destruction and interstate transportation of an explosive.Ten of the counts carry a maximum sentence of life in prison, and under federal law, if he were convicted of a certain combination of those counts, the judge would be required to give him a life sentence. A possible plea deal might center on whether Mr. Sayoc could plead guilty to counts that leave the judge the discretion to sentence him to less time.Mr. Sayoc’s federal public defenders and the United States attorney’s office for the Southern District of New York declined to comment on his expected plea on Friday.Mr. Sayoc, 56, was arrested on Oct. 26 outside an auto-parts store near Fort Lauderdale, Fla., where he appeared to be living in a white van covered with images and slogans condemning liberals that are often found on fringe, right-wing social media accounts. One was an image of Mrs. Clinton under cross hairs.His social media feeds were an electronic version of his van. On Twitter and Facebook, he railed against Mr. Obama and Oprah Winfrey with misspelled racial epithets, and threatened former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. He also praised Mr. Trump and conservative causes.The arrest came after a fast-moving investigation and manhunt, as investigators tried to discover the source of 16 pipe bombs sent through the mail. The authorities said they were able to pull Mr. Sayoc’s fingerprints from two bomb packages and found his DNA on components of 10 of the improvised bombs.The indictment against Mr. Sayoc only charges him in connection with five devices that were sent to victims in Westchester County and Manhattan, which are both part of the Southern District of New York.In addition to Mrs. Clinton and Mr. DeNiro, those packages were sent to John O. Brennan, a former C.I.A. director; James R. Clapper Jr., a former director of national intelligence; and George Soros, a billionaire Democratic donor.Federal prosecutors have called Mr. Sayoc’s actions “a domestic terrorist attack.”Mr. Sayoc’s trial had been scheduled for July. Last fall, one of his lawyers asked the judge, Jed S. Rakoff of Federal District Court, for additional time to investigate the case to determine whether, among other things, there was the possibility of a plea agreement.It is possible that Mr. Sayoc’s plea could fall through. A defendant preparing to plead can change his mind up to the last minute and opt to go to trial.Before his arrest, Mr. Sayoc held himself out as an entrepreneur and bodybuilder who promoted exotic-dance shows in southern Florida. But he was also an angry, bankrupt loner who often lived out of his van, held far-right political views and was prone to racist and sexist tirades, according to court documents and people who knew him.A guilty plea by Mr. Sayoc would resolve one of the major terrorism prosecutions pending in Manhattan. In another case, Judge Vernon S. Broderick on Tuesday granted a defense request for a six-month delay in the trial of Sayfullo Saipov, scheduling it for April 13, 2020.Mr. Saipov was charged with using a pickup truck to kill eight people on a Manhattan bike path in 2017. He has pleaded not guilty, and if he is convicted, he could face the death penalty.Forty-four years ago, in another year of national crisis over a scandal-ridden presidency, an election sent 91 new members to the House. That 1974 wave didn’t shift partisan control, but it did create one of the widest Democratic congressional advantages in a half-century.It also sent to Washington a new kind of member of Congress: entrepreneurial, independent, deeply engaged with his or (in a very few cases) her constituents and district.The new Congress of 2019 brings the largest shift in favor of Democrats in the House, at 40 seats, since Watergate. The congressional class of 1974 had a few other things in common with the new members elected in 2018. Just as this one brings 26 millennials to Congress, 1974 brought another generation into American politics, the baby boomers, along with a mandate to rein in what had become an “imperial presidency,” though the president who inspired that concern had already been airlifted from the White House lawn. They came ready not just to legislate but also to use Congress’s oversight powers and reform the institution.That long-ago wave holds some lessons for the new Congress, particularly the focus on reform. But above all, the newly elected members from both parties should pay attention to the way those 1970s members saw their jobs and their relationship to constituents.Many of the 1974 class had caught incumbents napping, disconnected from their districts, invisible to voters. The new members worked tirelessly to build a connection to the people, institutions and particular needs of the places they would represent. And after they won, they didn’t stop, investing in constituent service, district offices, caseworkers and a high profile at home.While older members of Congress in the 1970s followed the rule of the former House speaker Sam Rayburn of Texas to “go along to get along,” many of the newcomers were impatient policy entrepreneurs, developing quick expertise on issues important to them or their districts and pushing Congress to let their ideas onto the agenda by forcing the all-powerful Rules Committee to let them offer amendments. They soon booted a few of the old Southern Democratic committee chairmen. Like many of this week’s new members, they represented suburban districts that could go for either party, and only by developing strong local ties could they hold onto their seats through the waves that elected Ronald Reagan just six years later.The politicians defeated or superseded by the 1974 wave had lost touch with their constituents because individual members of Congress didn’t matter that much. Power came only with seniority. Rank-and-file members didn’t have much to do and didn’t have to do much.In 2018, members lost touch for a very different reason: They had grown complacent that they could count on waves of ideology and negative partisanship to carry them through yet another election, the fifth for those first elected in the 2010 wave. They campaigned in broad strokes on national issues such as immigration and the refugee caravan. Since 2010, they had relied first on the coherent national message of opposition to Barack Obama, then on the small-government ideology of the speaker Paul Ryan and finally on loyalty to Donald Trump, to overwhelm smaller, local allegiances. Even Mr. Trump’s endorsements were boilerplate and national, with the same odd capitalization choices: “strong on Crime & Borders, the 2nd Amendment, & loves our Military & Vets.”The House Republicans’ experiment with continuously nationalized politics didn’t work out. Politics operates as two interlocking systems, sort of like your left and right brain hemispheres: One system is local, parochial, individualized, pragmatic, while the other involves big national choices and ideas. Successful politicians and parties operate at both levels. Politics of local interests alone can lead to the kind of logrolling bargains — you support my farm subsidy and I’ll support your oil-drilling tax break — that create a functioning Congress but risk losing sight of big national obligations such as addressing climate change. But nationalized politics alone strips away the many little points of common ground that cut across polarizing lines of ideology and help make bargains and compromise possible. When the two systems are both healthy, when politicians are engaged both with big ideas and with their own constituents and their concerns, it brings a kind of fluidity to politics that we’ve seen in more productive periods, such as the 1980s.If the new members of Congress are able to govern as they campaigned, tirelessly, unafraid of hostile audiences, deeply connected to their districts, focused on improving individual lives, they might eventually pull politics out of the box in which either one party pushes through an entire unpopular agenda or Congress is paralyzed. A newfound focus on the local will also allow new members to bring forward innovations in local government and civic engagement.But today’s politicians face an obstacle that the class of ’74 could mostly ignore: the enormous cost of campaigns. Republican members fell out of touch with their districts in part because they were increasingly dependent on a few large national donors, operating through super PACs and political nonprofits such as the Congressional Leadership Fund, which get the bulk of their donations from billionaires in Las Vegas, New York, Texas and Florida. Democrats, too, relied on these outside groups and their own billionaires, but 2018 brought an enormous wave of small donors. And while much of that came from fired-up progressives in solid Democratic districts, even in the highest-profile races, a surprising share came from the candidates’ own constituents — for example, more than 54 percent of Beto O’Rourke’s contributions came from Texans. A majority of Democratic challengers also refused corporate PAC money, which often runs through Washington lobbyists.In 2020 and 2022, these new members will no longer be exciting insurgent challengers but incumbents, probably forced to compromise in ways that some supporters might find disappointing. If the volunteer energy and small-donor support that lifted them to victory in 2018 is missing, their campaigns will look very different. They’ll have to turn to corporate PACs again and, much like their predecessors elected in 2006 and 2008, focus their attention on donors rather than their districts, compromising their promises.The Democratic caucus has announced plans to make a package of political reforms, including the provisions to encourage small donors long championed by John Sarbanes, Democrat of Maryland, their top priority, bearing the symbolic bill number H.R. 1. In addition to highlighting corruption and the corrosive consequences of the post-Citizens United era, such reforms, if they were ever to pass, could give elected officials a way to stay in better touch with their districts, spending more time with voters and that way keeping the vital, diverse local dimension of politics alive even in a time of deep national polarization.Mark Schmitt (@mschmitt9) is the director of the political reform program at the research organization New America. Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Enticing hungry customers and luring celebrity backers, food trucks have been quickly expanding nationwide for the last decade. But in pioneering cities like Austin, Tex., and Portland, Ore., the industry is feeling growing pains as fickle customers move on and regulators clamp down.So entrepreneurs are finding new locations to park their mobile restaurants.Last October, a development team created a new dining concept in an up-and-coming neighborhood of Charleston, S.C. Called the Container Bar, it features a bar constructed from a shipping container with space for four food trucks that rotate daily.“Charleston has a reputation of being a culinary mecca, but it is unique in that there are no spaces for food trucks to congregate,” said Brad Creger, one of three Container Bar owners. The others are Mike Veeck, president of the Charleston RiverDogs, a minor league baseball team, and the actor Bill Murray.“One need go no further than Austin or Portland to see how food trucks have evolved into the culinary culture,” Mr. Creger said. “Charleston is a little behind in that regard, but we’re catching up very quickly.”Portland may be the aspirational model for many cities in the early stages of building a food cart scene. But being a pioneer has its own challenges. A surge in new construction over the past couple of years has forced the closing of several food cart pods on former parking lots. Concern about the closings came to a head last fall with the news that the city’s flagship food cart venue, the Alder Street pod, would be shuttered this summer to make way for the city’s first five-star hotel.“One hundred and thirty food carts are under threat to vanish,” said Daniel Huerta, owner of the Portland food truck Churros Locos. “We are losing the culinary fabric that Portland is.”Street food vendors have been in big cities for decades. But a newer breed of entrepreneurs surfaced around 10 years ago as a scrappy response to the recession — it is far easier to secure start-up capital for a cart than a restaurant. Since then, it has morphed into a nationwide urban development and culinary business phenomenon. Revenue from food carts reached $2.7 billion in 2017, according to a U.S. Chamber of Commerce study.But as the industry matures, challenges are emerging. In some areas, owners are building mini empires, adding second or third trucks as well as brick-and-mortar restaurants. But elsewhere, regulatory and market pressures are creating a tough operating environment for vendors. Oversaturation and changing culinary tastes are also concerns.“For the first three years, it was great,” said Sarah Hannon, the former owner of the Midway Food Park in Austin, where the number of food carts grew 600 percent from 2010 to 2016. Ms. Hannon opened the park in 2013 and had 40 vendors on a waiting list at one point. But as the trend took off, other property owners realized they could “shave off a corner of their parking lot and give a food truck space,” she said. Ms. Hannon charged $1,500 a month; her competitors charged $500.Last year, she shuttered the 10-cart pod, turning it into an event space. “I think the food truck buzz has worn off,” she said.Kirk Francis, co-owner of Captain Cookie & the Milkman, a mobile bakery in Washington, echoed that sentiment. Mr. Francis and his wife, Juliann, started in 2012 with one truck; they added a second one a year later and two more the next year. During the first year of operation, business grew fivefold. The cart experienced 20 percent to 30 percent growth every year after that until last year, when sales were mostly flat.“Food trucks aren’t dying, but we are no longer a novelty,” Mr. Francis said. The trend for curbside lunch vending is down 50 percent from its peak three years ago, he said, and to stay afloat, many carts — there are around 450 in the Washington area — have diversified into catering and events.In addition to the trucks and a catering operation, Mr. Francis operates two brick-and-mortar bakeries in Washington and is about to open another in Raleigh, N.C. Without his catering operation, Mr. Francis said, “we would be in a terrible situation right now.”Generally speaking, food trucks adhere to one of two business models. Austin and Portland are unusual in that stationary carts are on private property. In most other cities, food trucks travel to different locations depending on the time of day and regulatory restrictions. As competition intensifies, these regulations have become a thorn in the side of many food truck operators, who say permit rules favor restaurants over trucks.Before 2013, the food truck industry in Washington was like “the wild West,” with limited oversight, Mr. Francis said. Over the years, owners started to organize, and the city started to crack down. Last spring, the Department of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs limited the number of food trucks that a single owner could enter in a lottery that determined which trucks could set up in the most coveted spots.Owners fought back. “We kicked up a scream and howl about how this was unfair, and we were able to get that changed back,” Mr. Francis said.The Illinois Supreme Court last month heard a case filed by Laura Pekarik, owner of the Cupcakes for Courage food truck in Chicago, who claimed that city laws favored brick-and-mortar restaurants over food trucks.The Institute for Justice, a nonprofit group that represented Ms. Pekarik, has five food truck cases pending, said the group’s senior communications director, J. Justin Wilson.“This is perhaps the most clear-cut case involving food trucks,” Mr. Wilson said, “because the city is willing to make the one argument that lurks behind all other anti-truck regulations — that a city can legally favor one type of business, restaurants, over another, food trucks.”Bill McCaffrey, a spokesman for Chicago’s Department of Law, said that he could not comment about pending litigation, but that the city’s food truck ordinance had been upheld in two courts.“The regulations strike the right balance between the interests of food trucks and restaurants and create a healthy environment in which both can flourish,” he said.Competition, development and regulatory thickets are creating a lot of industry angst, said Matt Geller, president of the National Food Truck Association.“But what I always tell people,” said Mr. Geller, who is also chief executive of the Southern California Mobile Food Vendors Association, “is that regulations can change.”In Los Angeles, where trucks that meet height requirements have almost complete freedom of movement, urban density is a positive, Mr. Geller said. “You take that same scenario in L.A., a giant building going up, and vendors say: ‘Three hundred people are going to be walking downstairs; this is going to be great,’” he said.Responding to the wave of closings, Portland food cart advocates are seeking to change regulations by carving out a permanent space downtown for some of the soon-to-be-displaced Alder Street carts. Although this “culinary corridor” is still in the conceptual stages, it has won tacit support from business and civic leaders, many of whom view the carts as integral to tourism.Yet to be hashed out is who would decide who gets one of the limited spaces, and how the city would manage the space, said Randy Gragg, a local urban design advocate who, with Mr. Huerta and Brett Burmeister, founder of a local food carts blog, is championing the idea.In Charleston, the city is still trying to get its arms around the food truck industry as it relates to taxes, health and safety, Mr. Creger said. He added that the Container Bar’s food truck area was designed to provide a good customer experience, with seating and bathrooms.Having someone with the stature of Bill Murray as a partner does not hurt business, Mr. Creger said.“I call it ‘the Bill Murray effect.’ When he walks in, it’s like somebody turns it up 25 to 30 percent,” he said. “It’s great before he got there, and it’s even better after that.”MOSCOW — A court in Moscow on Thursday released from pretrial detention one of the most prominent American businessmen working in Russia, whose arrest earlier this year had spooked foreign investors.The arrest was all the more alarming as Michael Calvey, the founder and chief executive of the private equity company Baring Vostok, had been a consistent advocate for investment in Russia — even as many firms have retreated from the country, driven away by its struggling economy and worsening relationship with the West.Mr. Calvey’s advocacy for investment continued despite two decades of government takeovers of companies, ruble devaluations and politically hued arrests, including that of Sergei L. Magnitsky, who died in pretrial detention and had been working as a lawyer for another prominent investor.Yet Mr. Calvey, even in detention, continued to speak out in favor of the investment case for Russia, reading a statement to that effect on Thursday from inside the aquarium-like glass box where defendants are placed in Russian courts. In his remarks, he said the case against him was prompted by a business dispute.“Despite this corporate conflict, which spilled over into a criminal prosecution,” Mr. Calvey said, “I would like to underscore what I’ve always said: I still believe in the investment potential of Russia.”He read the statement in the Basmanny District Court of Moscow while asking for release from pretrial detention, making it unclear whether he was seeking to curry favor or argue that his continued business in Russia reduced his flight risk.Mr. Calvey founded Baring Vostok soon after the collapse of Communism to bring investors into Russia’s newly capitalist economy. Over its roughly 25 years in business, the company had attracted $3.7 billion in private equity capital to Russia for companies like Yandex, a search engine that competes locally with Google, and Ozon, an online retailer.The police arrested Mr. Calvey, 51, and four colleagues in February amid a dispute with business partners over an investment in a Russian bank. That set off alarms for American companies worried that their executives might be similarly arrested in a climate of tense relations between Russia and the United States.After the arrest, American businessmen considered boycotting an annual Russian investment conference planned for June in St. Petersburg. In this way, paradoxically, the arrest caused the same sort of harm to Russia’s economy as American sanctions, which restrict some investment.Government prosecutors asked the court to release Mr. Calvey pending trial, citing support for him in Russian business circles and new information that seemed to diminish his flight risk.Among the Russians who have spoken in support of Mr. Calvey was Kirill Dmitriev, the head of a government investment fund who is seen as close to President Vladimir V. Putin. Mr. Dmitriev issued a statement this week supporting Mr. Calvey’s release pending trial.The court remanded Mr. Calvey to house arrest. The four other defendants remain in pretrial detention.Mr. Calvey, who speaks Russian, told the judge that his business rivals had abused the Russian justice system to press a case in criminal court that should have been decided in commercial arbitration. “Our opponents abused the law,” he said.Western diplomats have debated whether Mr. Calvey’s arrest stemmed from a political decision in Russia to target American businessmen or from low-level corruption that plagues much of Russia’s business community.Mr. Dmitriev’s statement, made shortly before Mr. Calvey’s release, suggested that the Kremlin does not want the case to slow investment or spiral into an international scandal, as happened after the death in pretrial detention of Mr. Magnitsky, a lawyer for the financier William F. Browder. Mr. Browder successfully lobbied the United States and other countries to impose sanctions on Russia.Russian entrepreneurs are frequent targets of shakedowns and shadowy schemes to steal assets, Russia’s own business ombudsman has said.Arrests in such disputes are so common that today about one of every 10 prisoners in Russia’s penal colony system, the network of razor-wire and barrack camps that is the successor to the gulag, is serving time for an economic crime.So many white-collar convicts are in these camps that in 2013, amid an economic slump, Mr. Putin announced in a speech at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum that he would offer amnesty to thousands of them to help stimulate the economy.Few were released. And changes in law intended to limit arrests for economic crimes hardly addressed the problem, according to Russia Behind Bars, a support group for families of imprisoned businessmen. In Russia, the police often profit from arrests by soliciting bribes to remove competition or resolve business disputes, the anticorruption group Transparency International has said.If convicted, Mr. Calvey faces up to 10 years in the often violent penal colony system, known as “the zone.”The Los Angeles Times said Tuesday that it would resume publishing a stand-alone print section dedicated to food, and that it had added new staff members to fill its pages. The moves come as a rare bright spot in a season of layoffs and consolidation in American journalism.The newspaper ceased printing a food section in 2012, and folded its food coverage into the Saturday paper as part of a painful decline that has persisted through much of this century.Last year, Patrick Soon-Shiong, a billionaire surgeon and medical entrepreneur, bought the paper and installed the veteran newsman Norman Pearlstine as its executive editor.“We view Los Angeles as the nation’s food capital, and the print section, which will serve as a weekly digest of our daily coverage, is an expression of our determination to provide the world’s best, most authoritative and comprehensive coverage of it,” Mr. Pearlstine said in a statement on Tuesday.Changes to the newspaper in the past year have been rapid and remarkable, including rebuilding a food section that Ruth Reichl, a former New York Times restaurant critic, once edited and where Jonathan Gold, the Pulitzer Prize-winning critic, reviewed restaurants.Mr. Gold died of pancreatic cancer in July at age 57. His legacy will guide the new food section, said Peter Meehan, the New York writer and editor who is now the newspaper’s food editor.“If you look at the way he was celebrated in his passing, it was more suited to that of a civic leader than a restaurant critic,” Mr. Meehan said in an interview on Tuesday. “Writing about restaurants was the way he taught people who their neighbors were.”The new section will appear in April, and be delivered in the printed paper each Thursday, when the circulation is 474,129, according to a spokeswoman. (The Sunday newspaper’s circulation is 665,738.) The section is part of a larger push to increase food coverage on all platforms, including the web.New and reassigned editors and writers will help fill its pages. Andrea Chang is the deputy food editor for Mr. Meehan, who will divide his time between Los Angeles and New York. Ben Mims has been hired as a cooking columnist, and Genevieve Ko as cooking editor. Mr. Mims was the test-kitchen director at Lucky Peach, the food journal started by Mr. Meehan, Chris Ying and the chef David Chang. (It ceased publication in 2017.) Ms. Ko has long been a stalwart of food media, writing cookbooks with several notable chefs and producing recipes and editing for almost all the nation’s major food publications, including The New York Times.The Food section will also publish work by Gustavo Arellano, the author of the column ¡Ask a Mexican! and a features writer at the paper.In November, the newspaper named as its new restaurant critics Bill Addison, who had been the national critic for the website Eater, and Patricia Escárcega, a food reporter for The Arizona Republic who had reviewed restaurants for The Phoenix New Times.The paper has also hired an audience-engagement editor and is building a new test kitchen at its headquarters in El Segundo, Calif.Mr. Meehan said he has been given wide leeway to cover the Los Angeles food scene the way he sees fit.“I want it to be as good and as weird and as interesting as I can,” he said. “My mandate is, let’s rebuild this as a civic institution and hold a mirror up to the city and show it itself.”Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook and Pinterest. Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.Can a scrappy Israeli nonprofit land on the moon on a $100 million shoestring? Tonight it took the first step as it launched and then set off on a long journey to the lunar surface.Until now, only three nations — the United States, former Soviet Union and China — have sent robotic landers to the moon. Beginning in 2007, a competition run by the X Prize Foundation and financed by Google was supposed to spur entrepreneurs to send a privately financed spacecraft there, but the competition deadline passed without anyone taking home the $20 million grand prize.SpaceIL, based in Israel, was one of the finalists and continued its efforts even though there was no money to win. On Thursday night, its spacecraft lifted off on board a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket in Florida.[Sign up to get reminders for space and astronomy events on your calendar.]When will Beresheet land on the moon?The landing is expected to occur in April.Why will it take so long to get there?The spacecraft is taking a long but fuel-efficient route. Instead of blasting out of Earth’s orbit, it will gradually elongate its elliptical orbit until it passes close enough to the moon to be captured by lunar gravity. Then it will spend a few more days making its orbit around the moon more circular before attempting a landing.What will the Beresheet spacecraft do on the moon?An instrument built by the Weizmann Institute of Science is to measure the moon’s magnetic field as the spacecraft approaches for landing. That information could reveal something about the iron core far below the surface.NASA provided the spacecraft with retroreflectors, essentially, mirrors that reflect light in the same direction as the incoming beam. Lasers on Earth shined at that spot will bounce back, enabling precise measurement of the distance between Earth and the moon. Apollo astronauts left similar devices on the moon nearly 50 years ago.The spacecraft is also a time capsule containing hundreds of digital files including the Torah, the Israeli flag, artwork contributed by the public and a children’s book that was inspired by SpaceIL’s mission to the moon.It also will ferry a digital archive containing 30 million pages of information — including a full version of the English-language Wikipedia encyclopedia — provided by the Arch Mission Foundation, a nonprofit seeking to create a backup of humanity’s knowledge.How long will the mission last?Not long. Beresheet is not designed to operate for more than a few days. It will land at the beginning of a lunar day. The electronics are not designed to survive the hotter temperatures that prevail on the moon’s surface as the sun gets higher in the moon’s sky.Will the mission succeed?The traditional and more expensive approach to spacecraft design is to rely on components that have successfully flown before, and to include backups for critical systems. SpaceIL left out much of the redundancy and tried to take a more nimble approach to save money. The engineers at SpaceIL and Israel Aerospace Industries, the large aerospace company that collaborated on building Beresheet, said the mission is riskier, but they made considered decisions on where to take shortcuts.Will Beresheet hop?One of the requirements for winning the $20 million Google Lunar X Prize was that the spacecraft had to move 500 meters, or 1,640 feet, on the lunar surface. To achieve this, SpaceIL’s engineers planned to have Beresheet take off again after landing and move the required distance. Because there is no longer $20 million to be won, Beresheet may just stay put. “A million things can go wrong,” said Yonatan Winetraub, one of SpaceIL’s founders. “It might tip over and explode.”The SpaceIL team will make a final hop-or-no-hop decision after the landing in April.What other spacecraft launched with Beresheet aboard the SpaceX rocket?Beresheet was not the main payload on the rocket. The main customer was Pasifik Satelit Nusantara, an Indonesian satellite operator that is launching a telecommunications satellite called Nusantara Satu. As a secondary rideshare, SpaceIL was able to pay much less for its trip. The rocket will also deploy an experimental satellite for the United States Air Force. The first stage of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket itself has launched and landed twice, once in July 2018 and again in October. John C. Bogle, who died on Wednesday, is widely seen as having changed how ordinary people invest their money. His firm, the Vanguard Group of Investment Companies, which grew to have $4.9 trillion under management, was built on a belief that, over the long term, most investment managers cannot outperform the broad stock market averages. “Jack Bogle made an impact on not only the entire investment industry, but more importantly, on the lives of countless individuals saving for their futures or their children’s futures,” Tim Buckley, Vanguard’s chief executive, said in a statement. Here are some of Mr. Bogle’s investment tips: 1. Stay the course“Wise investors won’t try to outsmart the market,” he says. “They’ll buy index funds for the long term, and they’ll diversify.” Long-term investors must hold stocks even though the market is risky, because they are still likely to produce better returns than the alternatives, Mr. Bogle said in 2012. Investors should weather any storms, he told The Wall Street Journal in 2016.“If we’re going to have lower returns, well, the worst thing you can do is reach for more yield. You just have to save more.” 2. Beware the experts Money managers missed all the warning signs before the 2008 financial crisis, Mr. Bogle noted: “How could so many highly skilled, highly paid securities analysts and researchers have failed to question the toxic-filled, leveraged balance sheets of Citigroup and other leading banks and investment banks?”In 2017, he waved younger investors away from financial advisers and gave his approval to robo-advisers. “Unless you need a financial adviser to help you get started in that routine, you probably don't need a financial adviser at all,” he told CNBC. 3. Keep costs down Vanguard’s fund shareholders own it collectively, so there is no parent company or private owner to siphon profit, allowing the firm to keep costs down. “In investing, you get what you don’t pay for. Costs matter. So intelligent investors will use low-cost index funds to build a diversified portfolio of stocks and bonds, and they will stay the course. And they won’t be foolish enough to think that they can consistently outsmart the market.” Mr. Bogle became a harsh critic in his later years of the mutual fund industry and the high fees charged to investors for stock-picking expertise. 4. Don’t get emotional Invest in a diverse selection of stocks and bonds, trust in the arithmetic and stick to it — this was the essence of Mr. Bogle’s advice for Vanguard investors. “Impulse is your enemy,” was one of the mantras. “Eliminate emotion from your investment program. Have rational expectations for future returns and avoid changing those expectations in response to the ephemeral noise coming from Wall Street.” 5. Own the entire stock market Mr. Bogle was the leading proponent of structuring an investment portfolio to mirror the performance of a market yardstick, like the S&P 500 stock index. “The S&P 500 is a great proxy,” Mr. Bogle told The Wall Street Journal last year, adding that he hadn’t bought an individual stock in about 25 years. Mr. Bogle also told CNBC that the United States market was a safer bet than other markets. “U.S. companies are innovative and entrepreneurial,” he said. LONDON — In Parliament, lawmakers are mired in gridlock over Britain’s departure from the European Union, with no clear path forward. In Washington, President Trump stormed out of a meeting with congressional leaders who oppose his border wall, hardening a standoff that has shut down much of the government for longer than ever before.Two governments paralyzed. Two populist projects stalled. Two venerable democracies in crisis.Rarely have British and American politics seemed quite so synchronized as they do in the chilly dawn of 2019, three years after the victories of Brexit and Donald J. Trump upended the two nations’ political establishments. The countries seem subject to a single ideological weather system — one that pits pro-globalization elites against a left-behind hinterland.The similarities abound: Brexiteers love to compare their cause to America’s war for independence. At a recent right-wing rally, one man marched with a scale model of the Liberty Bell. Mr. Trump has exuberantly backed Brexit, while his friend, the Brexit godfather Nigel Farage, appears on Fox News, invoking Europe’s migrant crisis as a reason to back Mr. Trump’s wall.“It’s stunning how parallel this is,” said Stephen K. Bannon, who was an architect of Mr. Trump’s immigration policy as his former chief strategist, and is an ally of Mr. Farage. “If you’re going to challenge the system, the system is going to fight back.”Mr. Bannon likened what he said was the growing possibility that Mr. Trump will declare a state of national emergency to build his wall over the objections of Congress to the once inconceivable but now real possibility that Britain will withdraw from the European Union in March without reaching a deal with Brussels — a so-called hard Brexit.“Trump is getting ready for his own no-deal, hard-out,” Mr. Bannon said, even as Republicans and Mr. Trump’s aides and family are urging him not to take such a step.The trans-Atlantic dysfunction has far-reaching ramifications, given the role the United States and Britain, pillars of the NATO alliance, play in counterterrorism operations, intelligence sharing, sanctions enforcement, and dealing with conflict zones like Syria.With both countries also turning away from multilateral trade agreements, China has the opportunity to step in and play an even bigger role in the global economy. And Russia has seen an opening to expand its influence in Europe, where rising nationalism has threatened to fracture the European Union.Mr. Trump and the Brexiteers have ridden a nationalist tide in their countries as well, using a potent anti-immigration message to appeal to mostly white voters who yearn for a more homogeneous society that no longer exists.In Britain, immigration has provided an electric current to conservative politics since at least 1968, when the lawmaker Enoch Powell delivered a seminal speech calling for immigrants to be repatriated. Quoting a Greek prophecy of “the river Tiber foaming with much blood,” Mr. Powell’s speech is credited with propelling the Conservative Party to victory in the general election of 1970, though it also turned Mr. Powell into a political pariah.Opposition to immigration spiked over the last two decades as Britain was hit with a series of terrorist attacks by Islamist militants and watched as migrants from Syria, Libya and other war-torn countries flooded across Europe.In the United States, where the right was once preoccupied by social issues like abortion and same-sex marriage, immigration surged as an issue because of the changes wrought by globalization. Manufacturing jobs moved overseas, where labor was cheaper, while immigrants took both unskilled and high-tech jobs previously held by Americans.By 2008, the financial crisis had wiped out millions of jobs, keeping people out of work for years and deepening the sense of grievance among many Trump supporters that immigrants were working for less and robbing them of their livelihoods.Local politicians in California and elsewhere shot to stardom by introducing anti-immigrant ordinances. The Tea Party movement emerged, with core issues similar to those of Mr. Farage’s pro-Brexit U.K. Independence Party.“The culture war has been replaced by a border war,” said Michael Lind, a visiting professor at the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas. The residents of rural postindustrial areas came to view globalism sourly, he said, as an urgent problem.“The people in those areas just said: ‘O.K., we’re not giving them any more time, the people in London and D.C., your time is up. We’re not going to wait a few more years for a recovery,’” said Mr. Lind, the author of “Land of Promise: An Economic History of the United States.” “They decided: ‘There’s a limited pie. This pie is not growing.’”The urge to solve these problems by walling off the country from its neighbors is not a new one in either Britain or the United States. It partly reflects geography: Both are separated from much of the world by water, allowing them to experiment with isolationism.“Brexit and the border wall are driven by the same impulse,” said Robert Kagan, a foreign policy theorist at the Brookings Institution. “Both reflect the island nation approach to the world, ‘Wouldn’t it be great if we could just cut ourselves off from everybody else?’”“Britain, to some extent, is returning to one version of its roots, and America is returning to one version of its roots,” said Mr. Kagan, whose most recent book is “The Jungle Grows Back: America and Our Imperiled World.”Britain has sometimes acted as a political early-warning system for its former colony. Margaret Thatcher took power less than two years before her conservative ally Ronald Reagan; the British voted to leave the European Union five months before Mr. Trump’s victory. The reverse was true in the 1990s, when Bill Clinton’s election anticipated that of Tony Blair.If the two countries are both vulnerable to gridlock, that is partly for historic reasons. As two of the world’s oldest democracies, they spring from the same, centuries-old model: the electoral system known as first-past-the post or winner-take-all. Democracies that developed later, like Sweden and Finland, introduced proportional representation, which allows for smaller parties to enter Parliament.Winner-take-all, by contrast, tends to increase polarization between two large parties, and exaggerate geographical divides, setting up stark conflict between sections of society.And if Britain traditionally had a “strong, stable, efficient central state” that wielded control over policymaking, this has been changing, as Parliament reasserts its power to block the government’s agenda — much as a House of Representatives controlled by the Democrats is thwarting Mr. Trump.“In my lifetime, Britain has never been in a more fragile state,” said Matthew Goodwin, an author of “National Populism: The Revolt Against Liberal Democracy.” “British politics is in an almost nonstop state of crisis. There are very high levels of polarization.”“Both countries have seen the mainstream center really be squeezed,” Mr. Goodwin added. “That moderate, pluralistic marketplace of ideas — that’s really been challenged. Both countries have seen the rise of populist entrepreneurs.”The most successful of these populist entrepreneurs is Mr. Trump, though he is adapting only fitfully to the realities of divided government in Washington. Mr. Bannon cast the standoff over the wall as a case of the establishment striking back against Mr. Trump’s insurgent victory in 2016.“I call it the nullification project,” he said. “They’re not going to let you run on those populist themes and then implement them. If you’re going to be a disrupter, you’re going to have to take it from them.”Mr. Kagan argued that the paralysis in Washington and London was not a case of populists versus elites, but merely democracies showing their periodic inability to settle deeply rooted divisions in society. And some argue that is not necessarily a bad thing.“The process of consensus has broken down, but neither side is capable of imposing its will on the other side,” Mr. Lind said. “The purpose of having veto points is to build an eventual consensus. It’s not to paralyze things forever.”In Washington, Mr. Trump may break the impasse by declaring his emergency — a risky assertion of executive power that would be challenged in the courts but would enable the government to reopen. Either way, the fate of the United States will not hang in the balance.In London, where the political and economic consequences of a chaotic departure from Europe are far more profound, “it is much more difficult to compromise,” Mr. Lind said. “The side that loses is really, really going to lose.”Have you ever known someone who has died, whether someone close to you, an acquaintance or even a famous figure? What legacy did the person leave in your life or the world? What made him or her so meaningful or memorable to you?In “Want to Leave a Legacy? Be a Mentor,” Jane E. Brody writes about how making a positive impact can keep people alive in the memories and lives of others:Encouraged by a grandfatherly professor at Cornell, in my sophomore year I gave a speech asking my fellow students “when you come to the end of your days, will you be able to write your own epitaph?”I urged them to focus on establishing meaningful goals and the legacy they may want to leave when their physical lives end. By legacy, I did not mean money, structures or any other tangible object. I meant the positive impact they might have that would help to keep them alive in the memories and lives of others.Thus, when I read Marc Freedman’s new book, “How to Live Forever: The Enduring Power of Connecting the Generations,” it spoke volumes to me. It reminded me of that dear professor, George Eric Peabody, who was in effect my mentor, encouraging me to step out of my comfort zone and develop talents I never knew I had.Professor Peabody, who died in 1967 at age 70, did indeed leave an enviable legacy. As stated in the university’s memorial, he was “an inspiring and challenging teacher in helping thousands of students develop poise, self-confidence and, in his concise words, the ability to ‘stand up — speak up — and shut up.’”Mr. Freedman, the founder of Encore.org and co-founder of Experience Corps, both dedicated to helping older adults find purpose later in life, calls himself a social entrepreneur. Asked what it takes to be a mentor, he said succinctly, “Showing up and shutting up: Being consistent and listening. You don’t have to be a charismatic superhero. You don’t need an advanced degree. It’s more about the relationship than imparting sage advice. The key is not being interesting. The real key is being interested — being present and paying attention.”The article continues:Mr. Freedman’s latest endeavor, now in its second year, is called Generation to Generation, a foundation-supported nationwide project that aims to “build a movement of older people focused on the well-being of future generations.”The annual increase in life expectancy attests to the importance of this effort. More and more people are living 20 or 30 years beyond traditional retirement age. Do they all want to spend those “golden years” watching TV, playing cards or golf, reading or traveling? Or might some prefer a more productive and meaningful old age, one that could enrich them physically, mentally and socially, and in some cases economically?“The real fountain of youth is the fountain with youth,” Mr. Freedman said. “It’s spending less time focused on being young and more time focused on being there for the next generation.” As the developmental psychologist and psychoanalyst Erik Erikson said nearly 70 years ago, “I am what survives me.”Students, read the entire article, then tell us:— What do you think about the premise of this article? Do you agree that leaving a positive impact on the world and others is more memorable than the money, property and other tangible objects one has to one’s name? Why or why not? Can you think of an example of someone’s life that supports your opinion?— Who has been a mentor to you? What influence have they had in your life, the lives of others or the world?— When your physical life ends, how do you want to be remembered? What do you hope people will say about you? What kind of lasting impact do you want to have made on the world, whether it’s through your work, accomplishments, relationships or something else?— What things are you doing or working toward now that are helping to shape the legacy you want to leave?— The developmental psychologist and psychoanalyst Erik Erikson said nearly 70 years ago, “I am what survives me.” What does this mean to you? How might you apply it to your life?Students 13 and older are invited to comment. All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public.Welcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown of the previous night’s highlights that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy. If you’re interested in hearing from The Times regularly about great TV, sign up for our Watching newsletter and get recommendations straight to your inbox.‘He Gives Us No Choice’President Trump came after the late-night TV hosts on Wednesday, accusing them on Twitter of “one-sided hatred.” Trump referred proudly to recent comments from Jay Leno, who lamented late-night TV’s current obsession with Trump (though Leno also had plenty of his own criticisms of the president).Jimmy Kimmel pushed back, saying that Trump’s presidency is so extraordinary it has become virtually impossible not to talk about him every day. “I don’t want to talk about Donald Trump every night. None of us do,” he said. “But he gives us no choice.”“If he sat in the White House all day quietly working on things, I would almost never mention him, because it’s not interesting. But today — not even today, before 10 a.m. today, before 10 o’clock this morning, his former campaign chairman was sentenced to prison for the second time in a week, he called himself the most successful president in history and he tweeted to let people know his wife hasn’t been replaced with a body double. I’m not supposed to mention that?” — JIMMY KIMMEL“Obama wore mom jeans one time and we made jokes about it for six straight years. How about this: You stop being terrible, we’ll stop pointing it out, O.K.?” — JIMMY KIMMELLeno Stops InOver on “The Tonight Show,” Leno dropped by in person for a surprise visit, temporarily seizing the spotlight from Jimmy Fallon and — indeed — rattling off a handful of Trump-free (but often risqué) jokes.“Medical marijuana experts now say you can cure hemorrhoids using marijuana. Let me tell you something — O.K., no — if you think you can cure hemorrhoids with marijuana, somebody’s just blowing smoke up your ass.” — JAY LENOHe got some of his strongest laughs when casting himself as the wizened old-timer, lamenting the rise of Amazon and remembering another era.“Amazon announced they’re going to be opening stores nationwide with no sales clerks of any kind. First of all, that’s not new, O.K.? Sears had that 20 years ago.” — JAY LENO“What happened to Sears? Remember when Sears was Amazon? Remember those days, you got that catalog, you found what you wanted, and boom, eight weeks later, it was right there.” — JAY LENOWaiting for MuellerStephen Colbert is growing impatient as he awaits the report of Robert Mueller, the special counsel.“Come on already, Bob! It’s been two years! Even George R.R. Martin is like, ‘Wrap it up.’” — STEPHEN COLBERTColbert recounted the latest news in the Russia investigation: On Wednesday, Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign chairman, was in court to be sentenced for his crimes — for the second time in two weeks.“It might sound impossible to serve two sentences at the same time, but I think Manafort’s up to it — because he served two countries at the same time.” — STEPHEN COLBERT“Paul Manafort was sentenced to an additional three and a half years in prison. So at least somebody from the Trump campaign is getting a second term.” — SETH MEYERSThe Bits Worth WatchingSamantha Bee dedicated eight minutes of her show to discussing Representative Ilhan Omar, whose recent comments about the United States’ relationship with Israel have been the subject of heated debate.The celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay can’t get away from his famous “idiot sandwich” moment.What We’re Excited About on Thursday NightThe actor and entrepreneur Joseph Gordon-Levitt will sit down with Kimmel on Thursday.Also, Check This OutOur comedy critic spent some time in New Orleans with Amy Schumer, who has a new stand-up special and is about to embark on a major new phase in her personal life.Plus, Ideas for What to Watch Tonight:The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right NowThe 25 Best Films of the 21st CenturyThe Best Movies on Amazon Prime Video Right Now[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]This week came the very dispiriting news that despite years of agonized debate over how to diversify New York City’s specialized high schools, only a small percentage of black and Latino children gained admission to them for the upcoming academic year.A continuation of the status quo would have been bleak enough, but there were signs of regression. Even though, for example, the number of Latino children who took the entrance exam (the sole criteria for acceptance) increased this year, the number admitted actually went down. Of the 4,798 spots awarded in these schools in total, only 190 went to black students.As ever, the focus quickly landed on the gaping disparities at Stuyvesant. There, just seven of the 895 children admitted were black. Stuyvesant is the most selective of the eight schools in the specialized high school system; it requires at least a score of 557 (out of 800) on the entrance exam known as the SHSAT. This is the highest cutoff. Fewer than 4 percent of those who take the test qualify for admission to Stuyvesant, which accepts a smaller percentage of its applicants than Harvard, Stanford or M.I.T.That has given the school a disproportionate role in discussions of improving social mobility.Presumably, a Stuyvesant graduate will have a better than average chance at getting into Harvard. And a great number of people in the pundit class believe that a more equitably balanced Harvard leads to a more equitably balanced America. But even if every spot in the Ivy League were filled by an exceptional student from a low-income family, a mere 60,000 or so American undergraduates would see their fortunes rise. Something like six million others would be left struggling in underfunded community colleges with typically poor rates of graduation.Similarly, even if every seat at Stuyvesant were taken by a student from a low-income black or Latino family, a few thousand children would embark on a clearer path to success, while tens of thousands of other black and Latino children in the same circumstance would have no such obvious road in front of them.[Stuyvesant has 29 black students out of 3,300. Read about how they feel.]Certainly the racial incongruities at Stuyvesant, which is populated predominantly by Asian students, needs to be rectified in some way — particularly at a moment when many colleges and universities are reducing the focus on standardized tests. (Virtually no prestigious college uses a single test as the basis for admission.) At the same time we would all do well to be less obsessed with Stuyvesant and the many other educational institutions that derive their status largely through exclusion.The fixation with prestige that drives the mania around Stuyvesant is really no different from the status desperation that fueled the recent college admissions scandal in which dozens of wealthy parents were charged with bribing their children’s way into Yale, the University of Southern California and other highly ranked schools out of the terror, presumably, that the lives of their young charges would run off course without the right brand affiliation.Immigrant parents in Flushing, Queens, work hard and sacrifice and spend thousands of dollars on test preparation in the hope their children will have far better jobs and live in much bigger houses, while parents on the West Side of Los Angeles fall under the temptations of con men who have found creative ways of preying on the often inexplicable but deep-seated insecurities of the American upper class.What will shift the dynamic? In the case of New York City’s elite public high schools, it might help if educators and other officials worked to expand notions of prestige and success. Stuyvesant and Bronx Science are considered the city’s top public high schools largely because they are so selective and also because they focus on science, computer studies, mathematics — the STEM subjects that are regarded as the runway to lucrative careers in finance and technology.It is noteworthy that the ranking of the country’s best high schools by state, compiled by U.S. News and World Report, lists both the High School of American Studies at Lehman College and Brooklyn Latin, both of which are centered on the humanities, above Stuyvesant and Bronx Science. These rankings are based not on selectivity but on student performance and specifically on the performance of black and Hispanic students from low-income backgrounds compared with the state average. Lehman and Brooklyn Latin are both part of the city’s specialized high-school cohort. Both admit a considerably higher share of black and Hispanic students than Stuyvesant or Bronx Science.Of the more than 8,400 Asian students who took the specialized high-school test this year, more than half listed either Stuyvesant or Bronx Science as their first choice, while just 200 or so named Lehman or Brooklyn Latin as first choice.From a cultural perspective it is problematic, too, that more ambitious students are not drawn to an education where the classics and history are prioritized, particularly in this period where political life is so fraught. The compulsion with STEM is producing a tunnel vision in which one kind of life is prized above too many others — the life of start-ups and public offerings and enormous windfalls.When Elizabeth Holmes, the fraudulent blood company entrepreneur who is the subject of a new documentary about Theranos, was asked, as a little girl, what she wanted to be when she grew up, she had a ready answer: a billionaire.LITTLE BOY By Lawrence FerlinghettiLawrence Ferlinghetti celebrates his 100th birthday on March 24 with the publication of “Little Boy,” his life story told in flashes and arias. No one’s biography has more completely or ardently embodied the visions and contradictions, the achievements and calamities, the social mobility and social animosities, of that life span.Poet, retail entrepreneur, social critic, publisher, combat veteran, pacifist, poor boy, privileged boy, outspoken socialist and successful capitalist, with roots in the East Coast and the West Coast (as well as Paris), Ferlinghetti has not just survived for a century: He epitomizes the American culture of that century.Specifically, he has been a unique protagonist in a national drama: the American struggle to imagine a democratic culture. How does the ideal of social mobility affect notions of high and low, Europe and the New World, tradition and progress? That struggle of imagination underlies the art of Walt Whitman and Duke Ellington, Emily Dickinson and Buster Keaton. It also underlies a range of American issues, from the segregation of public schools to the reality of human-caused climate change. Those political issues involve our interbreeding of the highbrow and the vulgarian in a supercharged process whose complexities defy simplifying terms like “culture wars.”As to social mobility, the opening pages of “Little Boy” range from a Chappaqua orphanage to prep school at Mount Hermon; from malnutrition to luxury. He lived with his Tante Emilie on the Upper West Side and in Strasbourg (French was the little boy’s first language) and then in a Bronxville mansion where Emilie for a spell became the governess. After his graduation from the University of North Carolina, Ferlinghetti commanded a submarine chaser in the Normandy landings, then “went to the Pacific as a navigator … and saw Nagasaki seven weeks after the second bomb was dropped and saw the landscape of hell and became an instant pacifist.”Is Ferlinghetti’s career as an influential, best-selling poet a story of high culture or of popular culture? Is his City Lights, as bookstore and publisher, a San Francisco tourist trap? Or is City Lights a literary, moral and legal shrine that not only published Frank O’Hara’s “Lunch Poems” and Allen Ginsberg’s “Howl and Other Poems” but in a 1957 court case established First Amendment principles that transformed American life? The store’s North Beach location has been designated an “official” San Francisco landmark. Is that a funny contradiction in terms? Or a triumph? The answer to all these questions is, emphatically, yes — all of the above.[ Read Dwight Garner’s celebration of Ferlinghetti’s San Francisco here. ]The cover of “Little Boy” bears the label “A Novel” — not a matter of literary form so much as an assertion of the autobiographer’s right to invent, embellish and creatively misremember. The book begins with a few dozen pages of engaging narrative of a conventional kind: ancestry (including a strand of Sephardic immigrants to the Virgin Islands and other lines that are Danish and French, thus Tante Emilie) and childhood anecdote. That linear setup gradually sublimates into long, lyrical sentences of freewheeling associations: the verbal riffs of a good talker. Readers hoping for reminiscences of Beat figures like Ginsberg (“Ginzy”) and Jack Kerouac (“Ti-Jean”) may be disappointed. Ferlinghetti approaches writers and writing in a more sweeping, lofty way, as in his vision of Ginsberg “arm in arm” with “the other great writers and poets and great articulators of consciousness,” a procession that includes Shakespeare, Tolstoy, “sexy tragi-romantic Vincent Millay and Dylan Thomas sweet singer.”ImageAbove all, Ferlinghetti is literary in the American way of his generation, with the appealing old-fashioned enthusiasm of an autodidact (despite his M.A. from Columbia). As a child, he thrilled to “Horatius at the Bridge” and “The Charge of the Light Brigade.” He even calls Shakespeare “the bard of Avon” and notes that the Cantos of “Old Ez” Pound “couldn’t possibly be sung.” He also admires and mocks “old Tea Ass Eliot.” The mingled derision and awe, doubt and aspiration come from that underlying cultural duality of high and low.Ferlinghetti’s vastly influential first book of poems, “A Coney Island of the Mind,” echoes that doubleness in its very title: In this corner, the Mind with a capital M; and in the other corner, Brooklyn’s thrilling, low-class amusement park. The book’s first poem, which so many of us read as enthralled teenagers, begins with a great European artist whose name is the second word: “In Goya’s greatest scenes we seem to see / the people of the world / exactly at the moment when / they first attained the title of / ‘suffering humanity.’”We generations affected by Ferlinghetti’s book (over a million copies sold) may never have seen a Goya image, but we could intuit that name’s resonance with the poem’s closing phrases:They are the same peopleonly further from homeon freeways fifty lanes wideon a concrete continentspaced with bland billboardsillustrating imbecile illusions of happinessand the “strange license plates / and engines / that devour America.” I know the limitations of this writing, but can you dare say you’ve outgrown a poem if you’re gratefully indebted to it?Goya and the billboards and the story of “Little Boy” echo a great national question. From the sublime mass-art works of Buster Keaton, now preserved in university archives, through the ebullient logic of classical music in “Looney Tunes,” to the absurdity of a president rising from a dumb “reality” TV show, from Coney Island to the Mind: Who, little boys and girls, juvenile yet old, do we think we are?OPELOUSAS, La. — Authorities said he had no known criminal record. A friend described him as an introverted animal lover who showed no animosity toward any race, and a talented, if frustrated heavy metal guitar player and singer. A fellow musician called him "a really sweet guy."But Holden Matthews, the white, 21-year-old son of a Louisiana sheriff's deputy, was behind bars Thursday, accused of torching three century-old African American churches during a 10-day period in and around Opelousas. The city of 16,000 people was set on edge by blazes, which evoked memories of terrorist acts during the civil rights movement.A fragment of a charred gasoline can, surveillance video that captured what appeared to be his parents' truck in key locations, debit card records and cellphone tracking techniques led authorities to arrest Matthews on Wednesday evening. But though the arrest affidavit showed how they linked Matthews to the crime, federal, state and local authorities who gathered for a Thursday news conference at the St. Landry Parish Sheriff's Office weren't ready to discuss motive.Eric Rommal, the agent in charge of the New Orleans FBI office, said investigators were still looking into whether the fires were "bias motivated."Matthews, who is scheduled for a Monday morning bond hearing, had a defender in Nygyl Bryyn Blackwolf, listed as Nygyl Bryyn among Matthews' Facebook friends. Blackwolf identified himself as a south Louisiana native, musician, entrepreneur and owner of the independent record label Power Back Productions. In a telephone interview from Los Angeles on Thursday, he described Matthews as a talented, sometimes frustrated musician — upset in recent months after he was told he needed to improve the quality of his recordings — but not a racist or violent person."If he's making a statement, it's against religion and establishment only, not against race," he said, later adding, "I don't think he did it, but if he did, it would not be because the churches are black."Blackwolf, 36, a native of Opelousas, said he met Matthews after moving out of state when Matthews, who played guitar and sang, answered an online ad while seeking a recording deal with Power Back Productions. They worked together and met face-to-face over the years. Matthews was at odds with his parents over his music aspirations, Blackwolf said, but never showed signs of violence or racism.Matthews had shown interest in "black metal," an extreme subgenre of heavy metal, state Fire Marshall Butch Browning said. The music has been linked, in some instances, to fires at Christian churches in Norway in the 1990s.A Facebook page that appeared to belong to Matthews showed him with the words "black metal" spray-painted on a wall behind him. He also posted a comment on a movie's portrayal of black metal musician Varg Vikernes, a far-right figure convicted of manslaughter and arson at three churches.Black metal lyrics often espouse Satanism and paganism, and a few bands feature neo-Nazi beliefs.Blackwolf, however, insisted that the black metal genre is not characterized by racism. He acknowledged that some, but not all, involved in black-metal music may have expressed racism, but he said it's not typical of the genre."We've got friends of all races," he said.Josh Cook, 27, a musician from Hammond, Louisiana, said he heard about the church burnings before Matthews' arrest and had wondered if they could have been inspired by the church fires in Norway. He said there is an "elitist" element of the black metal music scene that is fascinated with those church burnings.But he echoed Blackwolf's description of Matthews, saying the suspect was friends with a very diverse group of people and a "good dude" who never displayed signs of racism."He is actually a really sweet guy, which is why I was so surprised to hear what happened," Cook said. "He was not a jerk. He was very tolerant. He was very loving and very encouraging."Matthews' father, Roy Matthews, "broke down" when told his son was the suspect, said Sheriff Bobby Guidroz.Guidroz said the father aided authorities by arranging for the son to leave the house and go to a place where he could be arrested without incident. He did not elaborate.The younger Matthews was arrested on three counts of arson of a religious building. A conviction could bring up to 15 years in prison on each count, Browning said.The fires set many people on edge in and around Opelousas, about 140 miles (225 kilometers) northwest of New Orleans.Gov. John Bel Edwards said the fires were "especially painful" because they were a reminder "of a very dark past of intimidation and fear.""This is a reflection of one depraved individual," he added. "It is not a reflection on the state of Louisiana."An Associated Press reporter was turned away Thursday from what was believed to be the home the suspect shared with his parents.Matthews' arrest came a little more than two weeks after the first blaze at the St. Mary Baptist Church on March 26 in Port Barre, a town just outside of Opelousas. Days later, the Greater Union Baptist Church and Mount Pleasant Baptist Church in Opelousas were burned. Each was more than 100 years old.The churches were empty at the time, and no one was injured.The Rev. Harry Richard, pastor of Greater Union Baptist Church, which was destroyed, said the arrest put him at ease and let him sleep at night."I felt relieved my congregation didn't have to worry anymore," said Richard, who was told of the arrest late Wednesday. "I was reassured that law enforcement was on our side, that things were finally coming to an end."___McGill reported from New Orleans and Opelousas. Associated Press writers Stacey Plaisance in Opelousas, and Michael Kunzelman in College Park, Maryland, contributed to this report.“How you die 30-something after banging all them years?”Nipsey Hussle posed that question about a fallen colleague on a song released about a month before he met a similar fate. After his friend died, the ex-gangbanger Hussle said he took to the “sauna sheddin’ tears/All this money, power, fame and I can’t make you reappear.” Nor can Hussle’s fans make him reappear. On March 31, the rapper and activist was shot to death outside his clothing store in Los Angeles.Yet he is more present in the culture than he has ever been. How does a rapper who was just coming into his own fill the Staples Center for his funeral and cast a spell over a society that barely knew his name the day he died?One reason Hussle’s death struck a collective nerve is because his story fit into competing narratives across an ideological spectrum. Pull yourself up by your bootstraps? Hussle believed in hard work and black uplift and self-reliance, and started several businesses in the hood. Fight the powers that be? Hussle joined fellow rapper YG on an indictment of Donald Trump: “I’m from a place where you prolly can’t go/Speakin’ for some people that you prolly ain’t know.”But the main reason his story is so compelling is because love was at the core of his beliefs and behavior. Love of his craft. Love of his blackness. Love of his neighborhood. Love of his partner, the actress Lauren London, and their kids. And, belatedly, across the nation, in vigils and outpourings of unashamed adoration, we show our love of him for loving so faithfully while few of us paid attention. His death is even more haunting because the love he showed took place against the backdrop of unsettling violence, both real and imagined, both in structural forces and intimate spaces, often conjured or measured by his own pen.Hussle captured both his métier and his pedigree when he dubbed himself the “2Pac of my generation,” a cleareyed if fatal prophecy. There are certainly differences. Tupac’s resonant baritone, steeped in the sonic registers of the East and West Coasts where he came of age, echoed eerily across the culture and gained him global fame before death made him a transcendent icon. Hussle’s voice drawled in a Southern cadence inflected with California bravado that produced a Louisiangeles accent. Death amplified a sound that has only now been heard for the first time in many quarters. Both Tupac and Hussle were transformed in death from hood griots to ghetto saints, from verbal magicians to generational martyrs.Hussle loved and embraced his blackness, a blackness that was bigger than the sum of its intriguing parts. He was every bit the unapologetic patron of Slauson, Crenshaw and South Central Los Angeles. But he also embraced his East African roots in his father’s homeland of Eritrea when he was 18. Hussle, his brother and his father made another pilgrimage to Eritrea in 2018 that gave him renewed inspiration for his reverse-gentrification Husslenomics: Own your master recordings, master your own entrepreneurial terrain, recycle capital in the hood by reinvesting earnings back into the people who inspired your art. Hussle also embodied the trans-Atlantic routes of black identity — the crisscrossing and crosscutting ways of global blackness and the awareness that no one culture or country or tribe has ownership of a blissfully variegated blackness. It was that sense of blackness that linked a scholar like me and a rapper like him when we shared a six-hour flight last year from Los Angeles to New York. “Are you Michael Eric Dyson?” he asked as he slid into the seat next to me. “I read your books.”“Yes, sir. Are you Nipsey Hussle?” I replied as I showed him that I had downloaded his latest album on my smartphone. “I listen to your music.”We both smiled. We had an epic conversation and talked about the psychologist Abraham Maslow, whom he brought up. We discussed Hussle’s journey from gangbanging to hip hop, but especially our unblushing love for black culture. Hussle’s murder reveals a darker side of blackness: The revelation that the man charged in his murder is named Eric Holder is an unavoidable metaphor of the destructive doppelgänger that often lurks in black life. That for all the effort to do well and to be right, there are opposing forces that seek to subvert, distract and destroy. Hussle was a more delightful doppelgänger, borrowing his nom de plume from Nipsey Russell, the black comedian known as the “poet laureate of television” whose comedy reveled in aphorism and rhymes.Each day since Hussle’s death, more of his words surface like Dead Sea Scrolls and shed light on the secular scriptures he spat in rhyme. His death at 33 inevitably suggests the arc of resurrection, or at least a biblical reckoning with his time on earth. “I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith,” another marathon runner said. Or as Hussle said, “Hopin’ as you walk across the sand, you see my shoe print/And you follow til it change your life, it’s all an evolution.”Michael Eric Dyson (@MichaelEDyson) is the author of “What Truth Sounds Like: Robert F. Kennedy, James Baldwin, and Our Unfinished Conversation About Race in America,” an ordained Baptist minister and a contributing opinion writer.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.OPELOUSAS, La. — The suspect in a string of fires that destroyed three black churches in rural Louisiana is the white son of a sheriff's deputy whose father helped arrange for his arrest, authorities said Thursday.Holden Matthews, 21, was jailed without bail on arson charges in connection with the blazes in and around Opelousas, a city of 16,000 where the flame-gutted remains of the buildings evoked memories of civil rights era violence.Louisiana Fire Marshal Butch Browning offered no motive for the fires. He and other officials stopped short of calling them hate crimes. Eric Rommal, the agent in charge of the New Orleans FBI office, said investigators were still looking into whether the fires were "bias motivated."Browning said there were no indications that anyone else was involved and the danger to churches was over."This community is safe again," he told a news conference. "We are extremely, unequivocally confident that we have the person who is responsible for these tragic crimes."The Rev. Harry Richard, pastor of Greater Union Baptist Church, which was destroyed, said the arrest put him at ease and let him sleep at night."I felt relieved my congregation didn't have to worry anymore," said Richard, who was told of the arrest late Wednesday. "I was reassured that law enforcement was on our side, that things were finally coming to an end."Investigators used surveillance video, cellphone tracking and a Walmart receipt to help identify Matthews, who was arrested late Wednesday. They moved quickly, arresting him within 12 hours because they were worried that "other crimes were imminent," Browning said.The charred remains of a red gas can recovered at one of the churches was sold at Walmart locations, and the company's investigators found that the same type of gas can was bought March 25 at a store in Opelousas, along with automotive cloths and a lighter.The debit card used in that purchase belonged to Matthews, according to court documents."The purchase time on this receipt is less than three hours before the first church fire was reported," an affidavit said.In addition, cellphone tower data showed Matthews was in the area of all three fires. Surveillance video from businesses and homes near the churches, and on the roads to and from each fire scene, repeatedly showed a vehicle that was consistent with the beige pickup that belonged to Matthews' father. Matthews apparently drove the truck to buy the gas can and other items, according to the court documents.St. Landry Parish Sheriff Bobby Guidroz confirmed that the suspect was the son of deputy Roy Matthews, whom he described as an excellent employee who knew nothing of his son's actions.The elder Matthews was heartbroken when told his son was a suspect, the sheriff said."He broke down," Guidroz said. "It was hard." He said the father arranged for the son to leave the house and go to a place where he could be arrested without incident. He did not elaborate.The younger Matthews was arrested on three counts of arson of a religious building. A conviction could bring up to 15 years in prison on each count, Browning said.The fires set many people on edge in and around Opelousas, about 140 miles northwest of New Orleans.An Associated Press reporter was turned away from what was believed to be the home the suspect shared with his parents.Matthews had a defender in Nygyl Bryyn, a Facebook friend who identified himself as a south Louisiana native, musician, entrepreneur and agent. In a telephone interview from Los Angeles, Bryyn described Matthews as a talented, sometimes frustrated musician but not a racist or violent person."As far as being a white supremacist? No. Absolutely not," Bryyn said.Bryyn said he met Matthews after moving out of state when Matthews, who played guitar and sang, answered an online ad while seeking a record deal. They worked together and met face to face over the years.Matthews had long been upset with his parents for not supporting his musical efforts, Bryyn said. He also said Matthews had been discouraged in recent months as Bryyn urged him to improve the quality of his recordings. But Bryyn said he never sensed anger that would lead to arson.Matthews had shown interest in "black metal," an extreme subgenre of heavy metal, Browning said. The music has been linked, in some instances, to fires at Christian churches in Norway in the 1990s.A Facebook page that appeared to belong to Matthews showed him with the words "black metal" spray painted on a wall behind him. He also posted a comment on a movie's portrayal of black metal musician Varg Vikernes, a far-right figure convicted of manslaughter and arson at three churches.Black metal lyrics often espouse satanism and paganism, and a few bands feature neo-Nazi beliefs.Bryyn acknowledged that some people involved in black metal music have expressed racist ideas, but he insisted it's not typical of the genre."We've got friends of all races," he said. "This is a very large community. Despite the awful image, this is the most loving community you could imagine."The fires happened over a 10-day period. The first blaze torched the St. Mary Baptist Church on March 26 in Port Barre, a town just outside of Opelousas. Days later, the Greater Union Baptist Church and Mount Pleasant Baptist Church in Opelousas were burned. Each was more than 100 years old.The churches were empty at the time, and no one was injured.Denzel Washington, a 23-year-old black resident of Opelousas, lamented the loss for the congregations that now have to rebuild."But what's the sense in hate? Forgiven. Forgive what he's done. It's not going to change nothing," he said.___McGill reported from New Orleans and Opelousas. Associated Press writers Stacey Plaisance in Opelousas, and Michael Kunzelman in College Park, Maryland, contributed to this report.___This story has corrected the spelling of 'Bryyn' throughout.STOCKHOLM — Sweden's Social Democrat-led government will outline tax cuts for top earners on Wednesday, widening the gap between rich and poor in a country that has long enjoyed a reputation for social equality.The boost for wealthy Swedes is part of a compromise deal, struck between center-left and center-right parties after a September election resulted in a hung parliament, aimed at excluding the anti-immigration Sweden Democrats from government.It mirrors a dilemma facing politicians in other European countries such as Germany and Denmark where mainstream parties have faced a choice between papering over left-right animosity or giving populist parties a taste of power. But with many Swedes increasingly unhappy with public services such as policing, schools and care for the elderly, analysts warn the tax cuts in fact risk fuelling xenophobia and populist sentiment, widely seen as rooted in growing inequality.The policy, which will be outlined in a "mini-budget" update to the main autumn bill, scraps a 5 percent surcharge levied on the income of workers who earn more than about 700,000 Swedish crowns ($75,700) a year. The extra tax was introduced during the economic crisis of the early 1990s to support public finances.Those top earners will still be heavily taxed compared with many other countries, at around 60 percent. But the move, which takes effect next year, is likely to widen the divide between society's "haves" and "have nots". It follows a series of policies in recent years that benefited the well-off, including the scrapping of a wealth tax.While Sweden is still has one of the most equal societies, the divide between the richest and poorest people has grown faster than in any other developed nation in recent decades, according to the OECD. The organization uses the "Gini coefficient" to measure how equally income is distributed across society.The 20 billion crown revenue loss from this tax cut and a wider income tax reduction introduced in December's 2019 budget, will in part be offset by cuts in spending on care for the elderly and the overseas aid budget, and higher environmental taxes. Some in the center-left Social Democrats are angry over what they see as a betrayal of the values of a party that built Sweden's famed welfare state and engineered a society widely seen as setting the standard for equality and fairness."It's about defending democracy and for our group that means defending the welfare state where no one is left behind," said Markus Kallifatides, a Social Democrat lawmaker."Sweden is not that society anymore." But for many others, sidelining the anti-immigration Sweden Democrats is worth the price. "Reducing taxes for high income earners is not going to reduce inequality, of course," Swedish Finance Minister Magdalena Andersson told Reuters on March 29. "There is no question this is not the priority of the Social Democrats, but you need to get a majority so you have to compromise."In September's election, the Social Democrats posted their worst result for more than a century with the Sweden Democrats, eurosceptic nationalists who want to close the doors to asylum seekers, becoming the third-largest party.To break the deadlock, the Social Democrats and Greens agreed a four-year, 73-point program with the Centre and Liberal parties who insisted on income tax cuts and deregulation of the housing rental and labor markets as the price of support. NOT SO EQUALWhile the measures may be painful for the architects of Sweden's welfare state, they are just part of a change that has been going on for years.The top 1 percent in Sweden now own a greater share of the country's wealth than the top 1 percent in the United States, according to Credit Suisse's 2018 Global Wealth Report."There is a kind of renaissance of an economic aristocracy," said Ola Pettersson, chief economist at the Swedish Trade Union Confederation.While Sweden has not seen the kind of unrest that has hit some countries, there is a growing sense among many Swedes that riots in Stockholm in 2013 and a surge in gang violence are evidence of the kind of social fragmentation that has provided fertile soil for populists around Europe. Until the 1970s, successive Social Democrat governments turned the screws on Sweden's elite with high income taxes, wealth taxes, inheritance taxes, gift taxes and real estate taxes.Many rich Swedes - like IKEA founder Ingvar Kamprad - took their fortunes abroad.Faced with the exodus, Sweden instituted market-oriented reforms and embraced small businesses and entrepreneurs.A wealth tax, which had been reduced and watered down over many years, was abolished in 2007. High property tax has been replaced with a fee capped at 7,812 crowns.Inheritance tax has also been scrapped. Compare that to Britain, where beneficiaries pay 40 percent tax over a threshold of 325,000 pounds ($425,000).At the same time a decade of ultra-low rates has meant the value of real estate and stocks has soared, giving a boost to those who rely on capital gains as opposed to a monthly wage for the bulk of their income. Between 2006 and 2014, a center-right government also started reducing income taxes, with the top rates - excluding the surcharge - coming down in steps to around 60 percent from about 90 percent in the late 1970s. Welfare benefits were cut."Sweden is the best country in the world: for rich people," Jan Emanuel Johansson, a Social Democrat lawmaker-turned-healthcare businessman, said in a satirical video on YouTube.The millionaire, a popular public figure who won Swedish reality TV survival series "Robinson", said growing inequality would have exact a price for society as a whole, including social unrest on the streets. "Either you can say, I don't care. I'm one of the privileged and I can build a higher wall round my house," he added. "Or we have to realize that what is bad for those who ride the subway, at some point in the future is going to be bad for those who drive a Rolls-Royce." (Reporting by Simon Johnson; Editing by Pravin Char)LONDON — Lorne Thyssen-Bornemisza comes from one of Europe’s most famous art-collecting families: A museum in Madrid bears his family name. That institution, the Museo Nacional Thyssen-Bornemisza opened in 1992, when Spain bought the family’s collection of works by masters including Dürer, Caravaggio, Rubens, Monet and van Gogh. The collection, said to have been rivaled in Europe by only that of the queen of England, was established by a dynasty of industrialists who made a fortune in shipbuilding, coal, steel and iron.Mr. Thyssen-Bornemisza, 55, a collector of Roman coins and antiquities, opened the Kallos Gallery in London’s upscale Mayfair district in 2014 and specializes in Greek but also Roman, Egyptian and Near Eastern antiquities. Having been offered a small stand in the Showcase sidebar section of Tefaf Maastricht last year, Kallos is this year making its debut as a full-fledged exhibitor and will be showing items including a marble portrait head of the Roman Emperor Hadrian and an Egyptian alabaster canopic jar that once contained the organs of a high-ranking priest, removed during mummification.The following conversation has been edited and condensed.What is it like to show at Maastricht?It’s the gold standard — the best fair in the world. Typically, most dealers make over 50 percent of their annual turnover in their 10 days at Maastricht. Everybody hoards their best pieces for Maastricht, and that’s what we’ve done.How did the family collection come about?The collection started because my great-grandfather, who was a successful entrepreneur and not from a noble family, absolutely adored [the French sculptor Auguste] Rodin’s work and commissioned six pieces. He then went on to build up the old master collection. My grandfather continued the collection and took it up to about the 18th century. His famous directive to my father was: “You can collect up to the 18th century, but the 19th century is suspect, and the 20th century is rubbish.”My father, who clearly had very different tastes, was undeterred by this advice and started collecting German Expressionist paintings, which were at the time considered not great art.He then bought Cézanne, Matisse, van Gogh and the famous Gauguin “Mata Mua.” He loved Cubist paintings, loved Picasso, loved Braque. And in the ’70s, he fell in love with American 19th-century landscapes.At the time, there were only a handful of private collectors. The market wasn’t anything like what it became by the ’80s.What was it like growing up in the middle of all these masterpieces?When a painting arrived in [the Swiss family villa in] Lugano, my father was like a little boy at Christmas, unwrapping a painting and deciding where it would hang. His favorite paintings were actually in his bedroom: He had a late van Gogh, a Cézanne, a Degas. You can’t grow up in that environment and be indifferent to such beauty.My father never explained why he liked a particular painting, with one exception, which was a modern painting of a triangle. I asked him once, and he said, “There’s a great tension within this piece.” I left it at that.Why didn’t you collect paintings, too?As my elder brother, a keen tennis player, once said, “Just because you’re a keen tennis player doesn’t mean you want to step onto the court with Roger Federer.”Were you eager to mark yourself off from your father and grandfather?Yes, that’s right. I believe that you should collect what you love in life.I always had a great passion for ancient history, for Rome. Since I was a little boy, I collected coins. I happened to be in a hotel in Geneva once when there was a big Roman coin auction. I remember going to the viewing and seeing the most extraordinary examples of Roman coinage, and I got hooked. There was an open window in the market, where I was able to go in and buy the best pieces.I have hundreds and hundreds of coins. I do it the old-fashioned way: I write out cards with the descriptions and weights. The more coins you look at, the better you get. The difference between something that’s good and something that’s exceptional, you can only learn over time.Why open an antiquities gallery?As I was buying at auction about 10 years ago, there were some Greek pieces coming up that were exceptional. Antiquities is a strange area, because you’ve got maybe a dozen big collectors in the market. There was nobody trying to build up the world’s greatest collection of Greek antiquities.I bought these pieces and thought it would be great to open a gallery at the top end of the market for Greek antiquities.I was driven by my passion as a collector. I didn’t open this gallery as a business venture.But galleries are shutting down right, left and center?You’re absolutely right. If you have a gallery in New York, London or Geneva, it’s a very expensive proposition. Rents are sky high.A lot of antiquities dealers don’t have gallery premises and still make a good living. But they’re people who have established their reputations over decades and have particular skills: They’re great bronze experts, or vase experts. If you’re new to the game and trying to build up a brand, having a gallery is important.Where do you want to go with your own collection?I believe that private collectors should open their collections to the public and to the academic community. Otherwise, it becomes a selfish exercise.I have two pieces on loan to the Ashmolean Museum [in Oxford] at the moment.Obviously my intention in the long term would be to open a small museum somewhere, perhaps in London. That would be my endgame.WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif. — Fred Rosen, the retired Ticketmaster tycoon, was eating a melted ham-and-brie sandwich at the exclusive San Vicente Bungalows and spouting forth about belts.Yes, what people use to hold up their pants. You can buy one at Walmart for $4, he noted. Or you can get one at Gucci for $1,500. “Every product I can think of has a luxury version, which got me thinking,” Mr. Rosen said. “Why not movies?”It’s an idea that has captivated one entrepreneur after another over the years: For a high price, allow tech billionaires, Wall Street titans, professional athletes, Russian oligarchs and other ultra-wealthy people to rent movies — as soon as they come out in theaters — for viewing at home. Think of it like Netflix for one-percenters. But such upstarts have always sputtered, including one backed by Best Buy in 2013 that charged $500 per movie on top of $35,000 in setup costs. Film studios, fearful of angering theater chains, have been reluctant to participate. Piracy has also been a concern.Mr. Rosen, 75, and a septuagenarian golfing buddy, Dan Fellman, who is Hollywood’s foremost film distribution expert, may have finally figured out how to make it work. They have quietly founded Red Carpet Home Cinema, which rents first-run films for $1,500 to $3,000 each. Red Carpet has contracts with Warner Bros., Paramount, Lionsgate, Annapurna and Disney’s 20th Century Fox and Fox Searchlight divisions — resulting in some 40 movies annually, including blockbusters like “Aquaman” and “A Star Is Born.”Those partnerships reflect entertainment-industry relationships that Mr. Rosen and Mr. Fellman have cultivated over decades. Most studios do not see them as disrupters from Silicon Valley, something that has stalled start-ups like Screening Room, which has tried without success since 2016 to speed first-run movies to homes for a premium price. (Sean Parker of Napster and Facebook fame is behind that one.)Red Carpet also arrives at a time when the movie industry is undergoing sweeping change — not the least of which involves the manner in which Netflix is challenging the traditional way that films are released. For the most part, theater owners insist on a three-month period of exclusivity to play new films. Netflix has started to chip away at that practice, offering theaters an exclusive window of three weeks or less for films like “Roma” and “Bird Box.”Most studios see broader distribution change as inevitable, noted Harold L. Vogel, author of the textbook “Entertainment Industry Economics.”“Consumers want to have more control,” Mr. Vogel said.Even so, studios are treading carefully. None of the film companies that have signed on as Red Carpet partners would discuss the venture publicly. Several major movie operations, including Universal, Sony Pictures and Disney’s other labels, are Red Carpet holdouts. They also declined to comment.“I feel pretty comfortable that we can gain more studio partners,” Mr. Rosen said. “We are a niche offering — I’m too old for disruption — but even if a studio makes $25 million to $50 million annually from us, that’s found money.”Theater owners, in the meantime, seem to be taking a wait-and-see approach to Red Carpet.“I have no take on that,” said Adam Aron, chief executive of AMC Entertainment, the dominant theater chain in the United States. In contrast, Mr. Aron has readily criticized start-ups like MoviePass, the subscription ticketing service.The folksy Mr. Rosen, who took over Ticketmaster in 1982 and helped turn it into a goliath, and Mr. Fellman, who started his studio career in 1964, worked out details for Red Carpet over rounds of golf at the well-to-do Hillcrest Country Club in Los Angeles. The luxury service operates a bit like a private club. There is a rigorous application process, and participants must have a credit card with a limit of at least $50,000. Those who become customers must buy a $15,000 box that connects to a home theater system (installed by a technician) and comes loaded with piracy protections.Prices for rentals are set by the participating studios, with higher fees for blockbuster-style movies like “Shazam!” and lower costs for dramas like “The Shape of Water.” Each rental allows for two viewings in a 36-hour period.How big could Red Carpet get? There are more people who can afford it than you might think. Nearly 46,000 Americans have annual income of more than $2 million, according to Social Security Administration data from 2017. Mr. Rosen and Mr. Fellman, however, insisted over lunch in mid-March that they were not interested in size.“We’re not even looking for 10,000 people,” Mr. Rosen said. With fewer than 4,000 customers, Red Carpet could have $300 million in annual revenue, according to Mr. Fellman’s projections.Red Carpet, which counts Sherry Lansing, the former chief executive of Paramount, as an investor, has been operating in about 25 homes as part of a beta test since December. “I’m recommending the service to my friends,” the Red Carpet website quotes Ms. Lansing as saying.Mr. Fellman added: “I’m not interested in starting a business that is disruptive to the theatrical experience. Maybe we get 400 homes in New York and L.A. Maybe 100 in each of the 30 biggest cities in the United States.” (Celebrities and Hollywood big shots have long been able to see first-run films in their homes — free — as part of something known as the Bel-Air Circuit. Studios allow a limited number of preapproved V.I.P.s to “borrow” copies of new movies.)“We told studios, ‘You set the terms,’” Mr. Fellman said. “They appreciated that. What doesn’t work in Hollywood is going in and wagging a finger and saying, ‘This is how it’s going to be.’”“The Wild Pear Tree,” Nuri Bilge Ceylan’s latest film, shares its title with a manuscript written by its protagonist, a restless young man named Sinan. The book is a collection of short pieces, quasi- or semi-fictional but based in reality, touching on aspects of life in the part of western Turkey where Sinan (Aydin Dogu Demirkol) and his family live. Pitching the manuscript to a local government official he thinks might subsidize its publication, the author is at pains to describe it in resolutely anti-commercial terms. Though the area includes the battle sites of both Troy and Gallipoli, there is nothing of historical or touristic interest in the work. It’s defiantly cerebral — resistant to summary, classification and perhaps easy comprehension as well. Like the movie, more or less.Sinan, a recent university graduate with uncertain employment prospects, seems at once brazenly ambitious and stubbornly self-undermining. A big, graceless guy with a hint of Adam Sandler in his slack, stubbled face, he isn’t the most pleasant company. But Ceylan’s characters rarely are.Over eight features in more than 20 years, this director, a fixture at Cannes and other international festivals, has charted the isolation, anomie and passive-aggressive gloom of modern, mostly secular Turks. Their failure to connect with one another or the better parts of themselves can feel symptomatic of a larger malaise. Young or old, artists, farmers or entrepreneurs, they tend to be frustrated, adrift and confused, at once alienated from their society and unable to break free of it.Sinan shares that condition with his father, Idris (Murat Cemcir), a schoolteacher whose gambling habit has brought embarrassment and financial hardship to the family. Sinan’s mother, Asuman (Bennu Yildirimlar), wavers between disgust and resignation. When he’s not hanging out at the betting parlor or cadging small loans in the town of Çan, Idris spends his time in the rural village where he grew up and where his father and parents-in-law still live. His main pastime is working on an ill-advised well that yields no water but plenty of metaphorical juice.Futility is less the theme of “The Wild Pear Tree” than the soil from which its delicate narrative tendrils sprout. Nearly everyone seems thwarted, and they respond with resignation, dissipation or truculent and empty gestures of rebellion. That’s Sinan’s approach, and much of the film — the most absorbing scenes as well as the most abrasive — consists of his arguments, harangues and bull sessions with people who sometimes unwittingly become the target of his resentment.These include Hatice (Hazar Erguclu), the former girlfriend of a friend of Sinan’s he later goads into a fistfight; a prominent author Sinan buttonholes in a bookstore; and, at greatest length, a pair of clergymen he encounters near Idris’s ramshackle farmhouse. The content of these discourses is variously metaphysical, ethical, literary and romantic, but what makes them worth attending to is less what is said than the unspoken currents of meaning and feeling that Ceylan’s camera captures. Nothing much actually happens, but there is a restlessness, a tension that pushes nearly every moment toward an invisible precipice of violence.Sinan keeps a photograph of Albert Camus in his room. His encounter with the author takes place beneath poster-size likenesses of Franz Kafka and Gabriel García Márquez. Ceylan infuses the film with elements of absurdism and magic realism, sprinkling dream and fantasy sequences into the drab, naturalistic atmosphere. Sinan himself often resembles a Dostoyevsky character — a man whose aspirations outstrip his prospects and whose romantic temperament threatens to curdle into corrosive cynicism. His relationship with Idris has overtones of Arthur Miller. And as so often with Ceylan — most notably in his early “Clouds of May” and his Palme d’Or-winning “Winter Sleep” — there is a heavy dose of Chekhov.The unapologetic, sometimes heavy-handed literariness of “The Wild Pear Tree” is leavened by hints of grim comedy and sharp, if subtle, social criticism. While the film and its characters avoid explicit political commentary, the world they inhabit is one that has been corrupted by money, power and self-dealing. Other sources of value — religious, artistic, democratic — have been hollowed out and cannibalized by greed. There are few teaching jobs available for Sinan, but plenty of opportunities with the army and the police, fighting “in the east” or beating up leftists closer to home.Idris, pathetic as his addiction has made him, has a certain integrity: To be a committed loser when everyone around you is obsessed with winning might count as a form of resistance. Making — and paying attention to — slow, difficult, idea-laden movies might be another.An attractive woman behind the wheel of a gray car says to the camera, “These days anyone can have a side hustle.” She then whisks off to the gym, for her other job as a personal trainer, beaming as she goes from one gig to another. This ad for the ride-share company Uber seeks to entice new drivers to join their ranks by using the “side hustle” come-on. The company isn’t alone. Similarly laborious “side hustles” are celebrated in popular media and advertising, from self-help articles and other web content that exhort us to, say, work for a design studio part-time or sell CBD oil (great as a side hustle for moms, supposedly). Even pastors can use a side hustle, according to one evangelical blogger. During tax season, you will also find filing suggestions for side hustlers. (Report all of your income! Deduct expenses!)The truth is, working multiple gigs creates complications when you do your taxes. Compared with those with salaried jobs, who pay their taxes seamlessly through withholding, for side hustlers “the process will be a lot messier,” according to Steven Dean, the faculty director of the Graduate Tax Program at New York University Law School. You have to estimate and pay taxes on your own, he notes, and your expenses may not be reimbursed by your employer. In other words, paying quarterly tax estimates gives workers with side hustles yet another side hustle — being their own accountant, although this gig doesn’t even pay.Nevertheless, this nouveau moonlighting continues to be exalted ­as cool, empowering or freeing. This mantra is false: Side hustles are not simply a new version of working as a “wage slave” so that we can do what we love in our off hours. Instead, far more often, people take on second or third side hustles because of wage stagnation or low pay at their full-time jobs. Over the past few years, I have interviewed dozens of people who work a full-time job or close to it — teachers, professors, administrators and nurses, among others — and supplement their incomes by driving for Lyft or serving as a barista. They are not doing it for the glamour. They need these second jobs because their first jobs don’t cover astronomically rising rents, record health care costs or swelling college tuition. A full 30 percent of Americans do something else for pay in addition to their full-time jobs, according to an NPR/Marist survey last year.Yet this sales pitch for the “side hustle” takes what we once called, more drably, another job and gives it a gloss, with a tiny shot of Superfly, disguising unstable working hours and a lack of bargaining power as liberation. You can see the twisted alchemy of what Reddit’s founder Alexis Ohanian has called “hustle porn.”Commercial websites like Side Hustle Nation extol the joy of the new unstable labor, although its payoff actually arrives for only a few. As Nick Loper, the site’s “chief side hustler” writes, “My escape route was a side hustle business I built in my spare time — and you can do it too.” Medium has a whole Side Hustle publication. It bears the legend “You’re more than your day job.”This language tries to make the dreary carousel of contemporary life sound more fun. “The phrase the ‘side hustle’ has gained a strange kind of prestige from downwardly mobile, college-educated tech workers,” said John Patrick Leary, the author of “Keywords: The New Language of Capitalism,” a sharp recent book on this troubling new lingo. Its glitz and energy derives from “a hip-hop genealogy,” although the side hustles name-checked in that genre are perhaps not the same as those imagined by Uber.The “side hustle” is one of a growing roster of trendy corporatized idioms, like ordinary household appliances that are now “smart” or plain vanilla businessmen and women remade into the more exotic “entrepreneurs.” Our jobs are now “flexible,” although we are the ones contorting ourselves to work at all hours, or we are professionally “nimble” because we are trying to survive on freelance gigs. Ultimately, like so much of this lexicon, the “side hustle” describes the overworked outsiders to privilege, who are forced into informal vocations by the absence of a legitimate economy. They are then told that suffering is valiant and also groovy. In a recent viral BuzzFeed piece describing millennials as the “burnout generation,” side hustles are listed as one of the main culprits.There are some surprising benefits to side hustles. The 2017 tax reform introduced the qualified business income deduction, which provides side hustling workers with a rate reduction. But some people may not understand it, and this small benefit doesn’t make up for an uncertain work life. So what can we do? For starters, anyone writing about work, whether as a journalist or as a social media exhibitionist, should stop glorifying long hours at work or juggling multiple workplace identities. Instead, we could be more open about what all these “side hustles” are really doing to our minds and bodies.As workers, we might acknowledge that “side hustle” is an insidious term and resolve never to use it again. More broadly, we must fight other forms of this falsifying new jargon and seek out more truthful language. We could follow Raymond Williams, the cultural theorist, who once wrote that we should interrogate the language of contemporary society and “change as we find it necessary to change it, as we go on making our own language and history.” Most important, we can agitate to raise wages. If we do that, we won’t need cute euphemisms to cloak the chaotic truth of working life in today’s America.Alissa Quart, executive director of the Economic Hardship Reporting Project, is the author of “Squeezed: Why Our Families Can’t Afford America.”The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.On the second floor of a stately brick building across the street from the Gowanus Canal, an electrical wire dangled over a dusty desk on a recent Monday afternoon, and the sounds of light construction drifted through an open doorway. Until last year, this rather remote building had been home to Retrofret, a niche guitar repair shop.But now it was just weeks away from becoming Public Records, a state-of-the-art music venue and watering hole that hopes to become a beacon for a neighborhood in flux.The club’s three youngish partners — Francis Harris, Shane Davis and Erik VanderWal — sat around the desk along with the saxophonist Rob Reddy, who will be booking an ongoing weekly jazz series there, and explained their idea. During the day, Public Records will serve as a vegan cafe, and at night as a bar. On weekends and many weeknights, the back room will host concerts. The audio systems throughout the space will be profoundly high-fidelity, and at the bar a different record collector will spin vinyl each evening.“We want to be a community-based performance space that supports avant-garde or experimental music, while at the same time feels like a neighborhood spot,” said Mr. Harris, the member of the triumvirate in charge of all things musical.Public Records is perched at the northern tip of Gowanus, a postindustrial neighborhood of warehouses and former factories along the edge of the East River, hidden away between the tonier Park Slope and Carroll Gardens. Gowanus has long been hospitable to small manufacturing businesses and artists seeking affordable studio space, but it tends to clear out at night. Club owners prize the cheap rent, but often have trouble drawing a crowd for gigs.“There’s not a built-in audience. You have to bring your own crowd,” said the trombonist and pianist Brian Drye, who runs iBeam, a cooperative studio and performance space about 10 blocks south of Public Records. “Generally what works best here is music that has smaller audiences, and requires an attentive listening crowd.”Still, a small syndicate of offbeat stages has sprouted up across the neighborhood in the last decade, helping to fill a vacuum left by the disappearance of experimental music clubs in the Lower East Side and the East Village. (Tonic and Fez closed in the early 2000s, and the Knitting Factory eventually decamped to a smaller space in Williamsburg. The Stone left last year to be absorbed into the New School.)iBeam is run by the roughly two-dozen musicians who use it to rehearse and teach. Mr. Drye started the club 11 years ago when an adult student offered to rent him an empty space that he owned on Seventh Street, just a half block off the canal. (A similar institution, the Douglas Street Music Collective, also run by jazz musicians, sprang up soon after but eventually closed down.) On weekday evenings, members of the iBeam cooperative present their own music there; on weekends, Drye books other acts — typically a mix of outré improvisers and young composers looking to showcase new work.In 2012, the bassist Matthew Garrison and the entrepreneur Fortuna Sung opened ShapeShifter Lab around the corner from iBeam. It was founded as a music club, but attendance was not strong enough for it to survive on shows alone. So Ms. Sung and Mr. Garrison have turned it into a flexible event space and recording studio. As the neighborhood around it has gradually grown more residential, it has begun to host weddings, bar mitzvahs and student recitals as well as regular concerts: “Shape-shifting with the hood,” Mr. Garrison said in a recent interview.The shifts have been slow, partly thanks to zoning laws, which have warded off rapid real-estate development while keeping the area friendly to the small businesses that use it for storage and light manufacturing. As a result, while many artists have work spaces in Gowanus, few actually live there.But with Public Records open, the area may start to have more of a nighttime ecosystem. In nearby Red Hook, Pioneer Works has become one of New York’s essential multi-arts spaces, and in Park Slope, just three avenues over from iBeam, Barbés is one of Brooklyn’s most creatively curated pint-size music rooms.Public Records will have a different feel from all these places. Its team is devoted to craft comforts: The space has high-flown ceilings and elegant, exposed concrete. Walls are lined with wood panels to help improve the acoustics. The food will all come from Henry Rich, the local restaurateur behind Rucola, who will run a commissary kitchen in the building.And the team is also devoted to flexibility. Mr. Harris imagines that Mr. Reddy’s Wednesday-night jazz series — which will be in the barroom, rather than the back — might open the door to more spontaneous musical happenings throughout the week. “Our hopes were to create an environment where great players can drop in and do a set,” Mr. Harris said.Public Records’ early bookings for performances in the main space include Damo Suzuki, the Japanese musician known for his stint singing with Can; the ambient-music giant Laraaji; and the minimalist techno artist Jan Jelinek. It isn’t a rock room or a dance hall, and it’s not a jazz club. You could think of Public Records as a kind of genre-agnostic music festival in residence (like Big Ears in Brooklyn), or as a contemporary expansion on what Tokyo’s jazz record-spinning cafes used to be. It’s a little bit of both.“I come from a jazz and creative-music background, and I’ve seen a lot of venues come and go really quickly,” Mr. Reddy said. He remembered that the Knitting Factory in particular had felt like “a home base where you could go any night of the week and hang,” and said that he senses “a real hunger” for something similar again today: something as reliable as it is eclectic.“I wanted to be conscious of programming artists of different ages, different genders and different races,” he said, listing some of the jazz musicians that he’s already lined up to perform: James Brandon Lewis, Patricia Brennan, Adam O’Farrill. “I wanted it to be inclusive — as inclusive as I could.”Michael S. Meldman, 60, wasn’t a golfer when he founded Discovery Land Company in 1994, a real estate business based in Scottsdale, Ariz., that has developed 25 private high-end golf communities in North America and the Caribbean.“Master-planned communities and golf were hugely popular and the premium drivers in real estate,’’ he said, “and I saw an opportunity, even though I hadn’t ever really played golf. In fact, I only started playing seriously five years ago.”Today, Mr. Meldman’s luxurious communities with members-only golf clubs — Baker’s Bay in the Bahamas, Yellowstone Club in Big Sky, Mont., and Silo Ridge in Amenia, N.Y., among them — range from 450 acres to 14,000 acres, or about 180 hectares to 5,700 hectares, and have homes that command prices from $3 million to $80 million.The communities stand out for amenities that rival five-star destination resorts, with golf courses designed by Tom Fazio and Jack Nicklaus, restaurants with top-quality farm-to-table cuisine and an extensive range of wellness-themed activities. And let’s not forget the Casamigos Tequila bar at each resort. (Mr. Meldman founded the brand with the entrepreneur Rande Gerber and the actor George Clooney.)Below are excerpts from a recent interview with Mr. Meldman.Tell me about your vision for Discovery Land Company.People were very interested in golf and master-planned communities, and my idea was to create a luxury concept that combined both. I wanted to find great pieces of land and build around the natural landscapes so that the communities looked like they belonged there, not like standard developments. They are all built to be sprawling with plenty of space between the homes and have lots of green space. And they all incorporate a lot of natural stone.Although the communities are in different locations, what characteristics do they share?They all have golf, of course. They’re all gated and have guards, clubhouses with great gyms and spas and fantastic restaurants. They’re also very family-friendly and casual. I think that a lot of golf clubs can be intimidating, but at ours, you can play barefoot in board shorts. And, we have two to three comfort stations on all the golf courses, which are basically mini-restaurants that serve everything from candy bars to foie gras to warm pretzels.In each resort, we hire locals to teach residents about the outdoor activities in the area. At Iron Horse in Whitefish, Mont., for example, you can go fly fishing. At Makena, in Maui, you can go deep sea fishing, scuba diving and snorkeling. And in most of our oceanside locations, kids can release baby turtles into the ocean. My idea is that the people who live in my communities should embrace the areas that they’re in.How do you choose your locations?I seek out places where there is a good amount of land and where zoning allows us to build homes and a golf course. Also, there has to be enough to do in the area besides golf. In Silo Ridge, for example, in the Hudson Valley, which is the newest community, the horseback riding, hunting, mountain biking and hiking are all excellent.If you had to give one piece of advice for someone looking to buy a home in a golf community what would it be?Make sure that the developer has a track record of success and is going to commit to the vision of what they initially present.What are the most important features to get right when designing golf community homes?These days, I think they should have a more contemporary aesthetic as opposed to traditional, which was the norm when I started Discovery. They should have big windows that take advantage of the views, ideally of the golf course, and have spacious indoor and outdoor areas where families and friends can gather and spend time together like a nice-sized patio, a family room with comfortable, oversized couches and a dining room with a table that accommodates large groups. It’s also great to have an open-plan home where the kitchen and family room are one big room, since these are the two areas where everyone tends to spend the most time. And the homes shouldn’t be too close to each other so that everyone has enough privacy.In your opinion, how have golf communities changed over the last decade?They’ve gone from golf being the only consideration to being simply one of many drivers. There is now a greater emphasis on cuisine, the nongolf outdoor pursuits and activities, the family-friendliness and the safety concerns addressed by being in a gated community.In a great golf community, there has to be something that’s appealing to each family member. We have a lot of people living in our communities who don’t golf. They’re attracted to the other things Discovery clubs offer.Also, the demographic skews much younger. In the past, golf clubs attracted a lot of retirees, but now, there are a lot of people in their mid-30s to mid-40s enjoying them with their families that include young children.Are golf community residents different than your usual homeowner?I think that they’re inherently more social. They’re looking to connect with other people on a regular basis and love the idea of a sense of community. I’m not saying other homeowners are antisocial, but they may not care as much about the social offerings and accessibility to the lineup of activities.In Dalston, a dynamic pocket of East London, an edgy arts scene blooms amid repurposed factories, side streets sprinkled with tiny shops, tucked-away public gardens and colorful outdoor markets catering to longtime Afro-Caribbean and Turkish communities. Cool kids and chess-playing old-timers commune over thick Ethiopian espresso at Kaffa Coffee, a neighborhood institution. Fashion statements abound: Men in cropped shirts and voluminous trousers. Women tattooed and accessorized to the nines. And inventively clad millennials, more than a few affiliated with the designer ateliers headquartered here. Indie artists are a buzzy fixture in Dalston, flowing in and out of a D.J. booth run by NTS, the influential internet radio station on lively Gillett Square.1. Hang-Up GalleryThis 10-year-old gallery’s calling card is provocative artwork by the likes of Oddly Head, Nina Saunders, David Shrigley, Harland Miller and Banksy. (There is a dedicated downstairs “bunker” devoted to the elusive street artist.) In the evenings, compelling events have involved the unveiling of hip-hop icon Run-DMC’s Darryl McDaniels’s comic art (along with an intimate performance) and a collaboration between The Connor Brothers and Nadya Tolokonnikova of feminist punk rock group Pussy Riot in support of refugees.81 Stoke Newington Road; hanguppictures.com2. LN-CCDown an unmarked stairwell off the main drag of Stoke Newington Road, you’ll find LN-CC (which stands for Late Night Chameleon Café, even though it’s not a cafe). The eight-year-old spot is a high-concept, subterranean boutique with six “lifestyle” rooms interconnected by a glowing, 40-foot-long cylindric wooden tunnel. Recognizable brands (Gucci, Rick Owens, Raf Simons) are mixed with niche ones: Veja sneakers, Venczel handbags and GmbH, a clubby men’s wear brand. The library room is stocked with esoteric books and vinyl, while a back bar and club space is used for fashion events, yoga classes and frequent “music listening” parties in a neighborhood that is home to many record labels.The Basement, 18-24 Shacklewell Lane; ln-cc.com/en/storelocator/storelocator.html3. Brunswick EastOn the ground floor of a warehouse turned creative work space, this airy cafe offers playful takes on brunch dishes — chili-poached eggs, cauliflower toast drizzled with toasted sunflower tahini, smashed avocado garnished with edible flowers, lattes with housemade nut milks. The industrial particleboard walls, table legs fashioned of rebar and plants suspended by commercial steel cable (plus repurposed Victorian pub lighting) lends to the D.I.Y. charm of this three-year-old spot. A ceramics project space sells wares from a collective of local potters.Unit 3D, Stamford Works, Gillett Street; brunswickeast.london4. Bootstrap CompanySince 1978, Bootstrap, a charitable social enterprise, has used its converted factory space as a community gathering spot and to launch entrepreneurs ranging from tech start-ups and musicians to fashion brands. Its gallery showcases emerging artists, while the public roof deck in warmer months offers film screenings and cultural events, including pop-up food stalls. Bootstrap’s other draw is a four-year-old incubator space (adjacent to the main building) called The Bootyard, with tricked-out shipping containers serving as production facilities for a microbrewery, a coffee liqueur company and the Dusty Knuckle Bakery, which serves housemade pastries and sandwiches.18 Ashwin Street; bootstrapcharity.com5. Pelican and ParrotsIn this resale shop, which opened nine years ago, the owners, Ochuko Ojiri and Juliet Da Silva source eye-catching (and reasonably priced) vintage clothing and decorative objects. Gucci and Versace print tops, Moschino biker jackets and retro dresses from lesser-known Italian brands line the perimeter of the room. In the main space, you’ll find midcentury furniture and bric-a-brac — namely, Victorian cloche jars, African feathered headdresses and ‘60s-inspired ceramics. Head upstairs for pieces from obscure labels: leather-fringed tops, straw hats, scarves, jeans, swimsuits and other accouterments for the budget-conscious.40 Stoke Newington Road; pelicansandparrots.comFollow NY Times Travel on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook. Get weekly updates from our Travel Dispatch newsletter, with tips on traveling smarter, destination coverage and photos from all over the world.America invented progressive taxation. And there was a time when leading American politicians were proud to proclaim their willingness to tax the wealthy, not just to raise revenue, but to limit excessive concentration of economic power.“It is important,” said Theodore Roosevelt in 1906, “to grapple with the problems connected with the amassing of enormous fortunes” — some of them, he declared, “swollen beyond all healthy limits.”Today we are once again living in an era of extraordinary wealth concentrated in the hands of a few people, with the net worth of the wealthiest 0.1 percent of Americans almost equal to that of the bottom 90 percent combined. And this concentration of wealth is growing; as Thomas Piketty famously argued in his book “Capital in the 21st Century,” we seem to be heading toward a society dominated by vast, often inherited fortunes.So can today’s politicians rise to the challenge? Well, Elizabeth Warren has released an impressive proposal for taxing extreme wealth. And whether or not she herself becomes the Democratic nominee for president, it says good things about her party that something this smart and daring is even part of the discussion.The Warren proposal would impose a 2 percent annual tax on an individual household’s net worth in excess of $50 million, and an additional 1 percent on wealth in excess of $1 billion. The proposal was released along with an analysis by Emmanuel Saez and Gabriel Zucman of Berkeley, two of the world’s leading experts on inequality.Saez and Zucman found that this tax would affect only a small number of very wealthy people — around 75,000 households. But because these households are so wealthy, it would raise a lot of revenue, around $2.75 trillion over the next decade.Make no mistake: This is a pretty radical plan.I asked Saez how much it would raise the share of income (as opposed to wealth) that the economic elite pays in taxes. His estimate was that it would raise the average tax rate on the top 0.1 percent to 48 percent from 36 percent, and bring the average tax on the top 0.01 percent up to 57 percent. Those are high numbers, although they’re roughly comparable to average tax rates in the 1950s.Would such a plan be feasible? Wouldn’t the rich just find ways around it? Saez and Zucman argue, based on evidence from Denmark and Sweden, both of which used to have significant wealth taxes, that it wouldn’t lead to large-scale evasion if the tax applied to all assets and was adequately enforced.Wouldn’t it hurt incentives? Probably not much. Think about it: How much would entrepreneurs be deterred by the prospect that, if their big ideas pan out, they’d have to pay additional taxes on their second $50 million?It’s true that the Warren plan would limit the ability of the already incredibly wealthy to make their fortunes even bigger, and pass them on to their heirs. But slowing or reversing our drift toward a society ruled by oligarchic dynasties is a feature, not a bug.And I’ve been struck by the reactions of tax experts like Lily Batchelder and David Kamin; while they don’t necessarily endorse the Warren plan, they clearly see it as serious and worthy of consideration. It is, writes Kamin, “addressed at a real problem” and “goes big as it should.” Warren, says The Times, has been “nerding out”; well, the nerds are impressed.But do ideas this bold stand a chance in 21st-century American politics? The usual suspects are, of course, already comparing Warren to Nicolás Maduro or even Joseph Stalin, despite her actually being more like Teddy Roosevelt or, for that matter, Dwight Eisenhower. More important, my sense is that a lot of conventional political wisdom still assumes that proposals to sharply raise taxes on the wealthy are too left-wing for American voters.But public opinion surveys show overwhelming support for raising taxes on the rich. One recent poll even found that 45 percent of self-identified Republicans support Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s suggestion of a top rate of 70 percent.By the way, polls also show overwhelming public support for increasing, not cutting, spending on Medicare and Social Security. Strange to say, however, we rarely hear politicians who demand “entitlement reform” dismissed as too right-wing to be taken seriously.And it’s not just polls suggesting that a bold assault on economic inequality might be politically viable. Political scientists studying the behavior of billionaires find that while many of them push for lower taxes, they do so more or less in secret, presumably because they realize just how unpopular their position really is. This “stealth politics” is, by the way, one reason billionaires can seem much more liberal than they actually are — only the handful of liberals among them speak out in public.The bottom line is that there may be far more scope for a bold progressive agenda than is dreamed of in most political punditry. And Elizabeth Warren has just taken an important step on that agenda, pushing her party to go big. Let’s hope her rivals — some of whom are also quite impressive — follow her lead.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Passion can be an energizing, fulfilling force, the stuff upon which businesses are built, works of art are created and Olympic medals are won. However, if you’re not careful, passion can become an equally destructive curse, leading to suffering and distress. Understanding how this happens — and how you can prevent it — is integral to mental well-being and living productively with passion.We don’t celebrate stories of passion gone awry, but look closely and they’re all around. It usually goes something like this: You start an activity and develop a love for it, so you do it more often. Over time you improve and begin to experience positive results. You receive praise, recognition and rewards. Subtly, maybe without even realizing it, you start to become more passionate about the external validation you gain from doing the activity than the activity itself.Psychologists distinguish between these two sides of passion, what they call harmonious passion versus obsessive passion. In harmonious passion, you are absorbed in an activity because you love how the activity itself makes you feel. A harmoniously passionate writer writes because he or she loves the craft. In obsessive passion, you are hooked on an activity because of external rewards and recognition. An obsessively passionate writer writes because he or she wants to boast about published stories and attain best-seller status.Research shows that obsessive passion is associated with burnout, anxiety, depression and unethical conduct. One reason for this is that people who are obsessively passionate tie their self-worth to outcomes that are often outside their control. Being passionate about — or, perhaps better put, a slave to — the achievement of an external result that you cannot control creates a volatile and fragile sense of self. The consequences are often disastrous.Jeff Skilling, of Enron, and Elizabeth Holmes, of Theranos, oversaw two of the biggest corporate frauds in recent American history. Before the scandal-ridden downfalls of their companies, both were widely celebrated for their passion and obsessive drive, something Ms. Holmes said was a most important asset. Alex Rodriguez and Lance Armstrong, two of the most notorious cheaters in sports, were also two of the most passionate competitors. When asked by Forbes for his top three pieces of career advice, No. 1 on Rodriguez’s list was “find your passion.” What all of these individuals have in common is that their passions went awry because of an incessant focus on results, results, results. When the results weren’t meeting their exceedingly high expectations, they turned to unethical behavior to close the gap.Even if you experience legitimate success, as each of these entrepreneurs and sports heroes initially did, if the success is the outcome of obsessive passion — fueled by a longing for external results, recognition and rewards — trouble lies ahead. That’s because people typically crave more. More money. More fame. More medals. More followers. Once you become passionate about external validation, dopamine, the neurochemical associated with striving and addiction, floods your system and makes it nearly impossible for you to feel content. You get sucked into a vicious cycle of striving, your well-being at the whims of your most recent result. Long before psychologists defined obsessive passion, the Buddha called this suffering.Unless you have the perfect genetics, vast mental training or years of spiritual guidance, completely disregarding external results isn’t realistic. Every athlete gets a jolt from winning. Every writer feels good when books sell. Every salesperson loves closing a deal. Even Facebook and Twitter users get a slight tingle upon receiving a new friend, follower or “like.” The key is to recognize these emotions when they arise and to keep them at bay, to prevent them from becoming the predominant forces underlying your passion.When you sit down to write, sit down to write, not to sell books. When you show up to work, show up to make a meaningful contribution, not to get promoted or earn bonuses. When you train and compete, do so to get better, to master your body, not to win awards or improve in the rankings. When you love — be it a partner or a child — do so to nurture a special relationship between yourself and the object of your affection, not because you want to chronicle your relationship on social media for all to see. In other words, your passion should not come from the outside. It should come from within.This kind of passion, the harmonious kind, is associated with health, happiness and overall life satisfaction. Harmonious passion doesn’t happen automatically, especially in today’s hyper-connected, comparison-oriented culture. Rather, it requires viewing passion as an ongoing practice, as a force that must be handled with care.A few linchpins of this practice can be particularly helpful:Don’t judge yourself against others. Judge yourself against prior versions of yourself and the effort you are exerting in the present moment.Practice the 24-hour rule. After a big achievement or a tough failure, give yourself 24 hours to celebrate the success or grieve the defeat, but then get back to work. Doing the work has a special way of putting both success and failure in their respective places. Focus on process over outcomes. Evaluate yourself not on whether you accomplish an external end-goal but rather on how well you execute the process of going for it. Results make up only a small fraction of life. The vast majority of life is the process.Embrace acute failure for chronic gains. If you take the long view and focus on a lifetime of progress instead of point-in-time results, then failure shifts from being something terrible to a source of rich information and an opportunity to grow.Regularly reflect on your overarching purpose. Thinking about why you got started with your passion in the first place helps keep intrinsic motivation at the forefront of your pursuit.Put simply: Passion can be a gift or a curse. The good news is that the form it takes is largely up to you.Brad Stulberg (@Bstulberg) writes and coaches on health and human performance. He is the co-author of the new book, “The Passion Paradox: A Guide to Going All-In, Finding Success, and Discovering the Benefits of an Unbalanced Life.”Good morning.(Here’s the sign-up, if you don’t already get California Today in your inbox.)With an aging population and declining birthrates, the country is far from “full,” as President Trump has claimed. And yet, our immigration system has been pummeled by record numbers of migrant families flooding the border.The administration has pushed to make it much tougher for those seeking asylum to win protection in the United States. And yet, the federal government wants to issue more visas to foreign workers in fields like landscaping and housekeeping.Now, as my colleagues reported from San Ysidro, the immigration system may actually be reaching a breaking point.Here are the top takeaways:The situation isn’t new.Experts have been warning for years that the immigration system was heading for a major failure, as trends shifted. Instead of a migrant population of mostly young men crossing the border in search of temporary work, it’s been largely families since 2014.That has placed more strain on systems meant to aid children and others who say they’re fleeing from violence.And while members of both political parties have called for overhauls over the years, none have been successful.[Read the full story here.]The people coming to the U.S. are coming for different reasons.That shift from men seeking work to families seeking refuge has taken place alongside other changes in the population of migrants crossing the border.Many more are seeking asylum than in years past, which means they say they’re fleeing their home countries — increasingly in Central America, rather than Mexico — over fears for their safety.One of the biggest pressure points is a backlog in immigration courts.The influx of migrants means immigration courts have been flooded with cases, which can drag out for years.Immigration courts now have more than 800,000 pending cases. They take an average of 700 days to process.[Read about another difficulty in backlogged immigration courts: the lack of interpreters who speak indigenous languages.]The president’s efforts at deterrence aren’t working.The Trump administration has tried a series of strategies to communicate that migrants aren’t welcome, including prosecuting everyone who crosses illegally and taking their children from them.Most recently, the administration implemented a policy of forcing those seeking asylum to stay in Mexico while their cases are resolved, but that was blocked by a California judge.None of those efforts have worked; the president’s talk about shutting down all immigration — legal and illegal — has actually spurred smugglers to advertise by claiming that now is the time to try to enter the United States.[Want to read more about the border each week? Read Crossing the Border, a limited-run newsletter. Sign up here to receive the next issue in your inbox.]Coming Up Today(We often link to sites that limit access for nonsubscribers. We appreciate your reading Times stories, but we’d also encourage you to support local news if you can.)A celebration of Nipsey Hussle’s life will be held this morning at Staples Center. It will be followed by a 25-mile funeral procession through the L.A. neighborhoods where he grew up. BET will broadcast and stream the memorial. Don’t know much about the rapper and community advocate? Catch up with these stories, and follow our reporters live for coverage here.• After Nipsey Hussle was shot dead in broad daylight, there was an outpouring of grief in the South Los Angeles neighborhood where he grew up and made his life’s work as both a rapper and an entrepreneur. [The New York Times]• A prime example of the way he operated in the community? The time he teamed up with Fatburger. [The New York Times]• As an artist, Nipsey Hussle was part of an ascendant group of rappers who kept close to their roots — and enjoyed a passionate hometown following as a result. For Hussle, though, the commitment came with a tragic price. [The New York Times]• This interactive explores how the rapper saw Slauson Avenue. [The Los Angeles Times]Here’s what else we’re following• Senator Kamala Harris “speaks like a woman who knows that facts are ammunition. Everything you say can and will be used against you.” She’s still taking her shot. [The Atlantic]• Lori Loughlin and Felicity Huffman were the two highest profile parents charged in the college admission fraud investigation. Their paths have diverged significantly since the bombshell announcement that they were among the accused. [The New York Times]• California has some of the strictest vaccination laws in the country. But doctors have broad authority to grant medical exemptions — and some are wielding that power for cash. [California Healthline]• Wednesday was Dolores Huerta Day. Here’s how the labor leader who’s spent most of her life in Kern County is honored around the country. [The Bakersfield Californian]• “It is wonderful to see the nearly circular shadow of the black hole. There can be no doubt this really is a black hole at the center of M87, with no signs of deviations from general relativity,” said Kip Thorne, a Nobel Prize-winning astrophysicist at Caltech. [The New York Times]• Craft beer is catching on in South Korea. Here’s why Booth Brewing, a Korean beer maker that’s on the cutting edge of the trend, is actually making most of its product in Eureka. [NPR]And Finally …If you hung out at the mall in the mid-2000s, you had basically one way to signal that you weren’t just an average teenage girl browsing for pastel baby Ts or boot cut jeans.That was to head to Hot Topic, where black was the color and infinity was the number (of rubber bracelets). The chain, which opened its first store in Montclair in 1989, felt like a true product of its pre-retail-apocalypse time.So it was a pleasant surprise to see this story, from The Times’s Style section, about how Hot Topic has managed to stay hot: by expanding its vision of fandom beyond cultural phenomena that could be neatly categorized as punk, goth or emo.Today, Ed Labay, the chain’s vice president of merchandise, likened the store’s layout to the inside of “a teen’s mind,” or a social media feed.California Today goes live at 6:30 a.m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com. Were you forwarded this email? Sign up for California Today here.Jill Cowan grew up in Orange County, went to school at U.C. Berkeley and has reported all over the state, including the Bay Area, Bakersfield and Los Angeles — but she always wants to see more. Follow along here or on Twitter, @jillcowan.California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C. Berkeley.Brian Garfield, a prolific suspense author best known for his novel “Death Wish,” which became one of Hollywood’s longest-running film franchises, died on Dec. 29 at his home in Pasadena. He was 79.His wife, Bina Garfield, said the cause was complications of Parkinson’s disease.A distant relation of Mark Twain’s, Mr. Garfield wrote more than 70 books, which have sold more than 20 million copies worldwide. Most were westerns, mystery novels and nonfiction. More than 19 movies were based on his writings.ImageMr. Garfield in an undated photo. His protagonist in “Death Sentence,” a follow-up to “Death Wish,” does not shoot to kill. “Any idiot can kill people,” the character says, “and you can’t teach someone a lesson by killing him.”CreditBina GarfieldBy far the best known was “Death Wish” (1972), a novel about a classic bleeding-heart liberal New Yorker whose wife and daughter are attacked by muggers; his wife is killed and his daughter is left in a vegetative state. He then becomes a vigilante hellbent on vengeance. Mr. Garfield said his aim was to show “an ordinary guy who descends into madness.”A feature film based on the novel and starring Charles Bronson was made in 1974; it spawned a series of four other “Death Wish” films, all starring Mr. Bronson but not called sequels for copyright reasons. A remake of the original, starring Bruce Willis, was released in 2018.The first film was a hit at the box office but divided the critics, some of whom found the premise repulsive and irresponsible. Vincent Canby, writing in The New York Times, said: “For short‐term fun, it exploits very real fears and social problems and suggests simple‐minded remedies by waving the American flag much in the fashion that former Vice President Agnew used to do.”Mr. Garfield, who himself was unhappy with the film portrayals, wrote a follow-up novel to “Death Wish” called “Death Sentence” (1975), which he called his “penance” for the violence in “Death Wish.” His “Death Sentence” protagonist, who does not shoot to kill, notes: “Any idiot can kill people — and you can’t teach someone a lesson by killing him.”Mr. Garfield was rarely involved in the film adaptations of his books, deliberately extricating himself from a process he found distasteful even though it meant giving up control. (His 1975 novel “Hopscotch,” which won an Edgar Award, was an exception: He adapted it into a comedy starring Walter Matthau in 1980.)ImageMr. Garfield’s “Death Wish” was the best known of his more than 70 books.“I’m not really patient enough to put up with that, and I learned that the credit ‘associate producer’ means you’re the only person who’s willing to associate with the producer,” he said in an interview with the website PopMatters in 2008.“I prefer writing books, because a book belongs to its writer,” he added. “And nobody has the power to tell me how to fix it.”Brian Francis Wynne Garfield was born on Jan. 26, 1939, in Manhattan. His mother, Frances (O’Brien) Garfield, an artist, was a protégé of Georgia O’Keeffe, and it was O’Keeffe who introduced Ms. O’Brien to her future husband, George Garfield, an entrepreneur.His mother painted covers for The Saturday Review of Books and frequently had writers and artists around the house, so her son grew up comfortable in that milieu. He wrote his first book, “Range Justice,” a western, when he was 18.Brian had asthma, and the family moved to Arizona to ease the condition. He graduated from Southern Arizona School for Boys in Tucson before receiving his bachelor’s and master’s degrees, both in English, from the University of Arizona.Mr. Garfield played the guitar and in the late 1950s toured the country with a band called “The Palisades,” which had a doo-wop hit called “I Can’t Quit.” He also served in the Army and the Army Reserves from 1957 to 1965.He was married and divorced twice. He is survived by his third wife, Bina, whom he married in 1985.Mr. Garfield enjoyed almost all forms of writing, ranging from “The Thousand-Mile War: World War II in Alaska and the Aleutians” (1969), a nonfiction account of Alaska’s so-called “forgotten war,” to a musical comedy TV movie, “Legs” (1983), about the Rockettes. He did not favor one genre over any other.In testament to his versatility, his literary agent, Judy Coppage, said in a telephone interview, Mr. Garfield was the only person to have served as president of both the Western Writers of America and the Mystery Writers of America.Mr. Garfield was also a speedy writer. He said he dashed off “Death Wish” in two weeks, prompting his friends to ask, “What took you so long?”More than 10 candidates have announced a bid for the presidency. Often, politicians release books pegged to their announcements to drive interest and give voters a chance to get to know them. Here is a complete guide to those books. (The list will be updated as announcements continue.)Senator Bernie Sanders, Independent of Vermont“Where We Go From Here: Two Years in the Resistance” (2018)In this book, Sanders covers the two years since he last ran for president in 2016. The chapters are dated like diary entries, and in them Sanders lays out his policy positions and describes his travels across the country, advancing his progressive platform.Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota“The Senator Next Door: A Memoir from the Heartland” (2015)The underlying theme of Klobuchar’s memoir is civility or, in her words, being able to “disagree without being disagreeable.” She traces her upbringing and rise in politics, all the while arguing that strategic alliances are crucial to solving the nation’s problems.Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts“This Fight Is Our Fight: The Battle to Save America’s Middle Class” (2017)Our reviewer calls Warren’s argument in this book “enlightened populism” — one vision of how the Democratic Party can lead after the 2016 presidential election upset. A former special adviser to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under Obama, she calls for “restored financial regulation, stronger social programs and renewed investment in education, research and infrastructure” and also “makes good use of the autobiographical mode” by contrasting the opportunities she and her generation had — such as low-cost public universities — with stories of the current challenges of the middle class.Senator Cory Booker, Democrat of New Jersey“United: Thoughts on Finding Common Ground and Advancing the Common Good” (2016)Booker, raised in New Jersey and a former mayor of Newark, argues in this book that American politics should be reoriented around compassion and solidarity. He told The Times that writing it was “far, far more difficult than I had expected,” and he cried when writing about the toughest parts of his life, including the death of a mentor.Marianne Williamson, author“A Politics of Love: A Handbook for a New American Revolution” (2019)Williamson, who previously ran for Congress as an Independent, announced a bid for presidency in January. She is running as a Democrat. The spirituality and new age lecturer has written dozens of books, including “Healing the Soul of America: Reclaiming Our Voices as Spiritual Citizens,” which was written in response to what Williamson viewed as a crisis in American morality. “A Politics of Love” renews this vision, calling for Americans to act out of love rather than fear.Pete Buttigieg, Democratic mayor of South Bend, Ind.“Shortest Way Home: One Mayor’s Challenge and a Model for America’s Future” (2019)Buttigieg drew national attention when he wrote a coming-out essay for The South Bend Tribune, in particular because Mike Pence, who was governor of Indiana at the time, was championing a “religious freedom” bill that critics thought would discriminate against gays. In this memoir, parts of which our reviewer called “personal, beguiling and quite moving,” Buttigieg recalls this experience, as well as his career, from the Navy to politics.Andrew Yang, founder of Venture for America“The War on Normal People: The Truth About America’s Disappearing Jobs and Why Universal Basic Income Is Our Future” (2018)Yang, a Democrat, argues in his book that as technology continues to make many jobs obsolete, the government must take concrete steps to ensure economic stability for residents of the United States, including providing a universal basic income. This is the central promise of his campaign.Senator Kamala Harris, Democrat of California“The Truths We Hold: An American Journey” (2019)In this memoir, the California senator covers her time as attorney general, as well as her upbringing in Oakland, Calif., as the child of immigrant parents: an economist father from Jamaica and a mother from India who was a cancer researcher. It includes pages of vintage and recent photos from Harris’s life.Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, Democrat of New York“Off the Sidelines: Speak Up, Be Fearless and Change Your World” (2014)In this women’s empowerment guide, Gillibrand recounts her political career, making the argument that if women were better represented in government, so too would be their issues. Our reviewer wrote that though in some ways this book stuck to the conventions of the political memoir, “there are moments of immensely appealing self-disclosure that seldom appear in other books of this genre.”Julián Castro, President Barack Obama’s secretary of Housing and Urban Development“An Unlikely Journey: Waking Up From My American Dream” (2018)The through line in Castro’s book is his grandmother, who emigrated from Mexico when she was 9 years old and helped raise Castro and his twin brother, Joaquín. Castro, who was a former Democratic mayor of San Antonio, Texas, explains how access to quality schooling shaped his professional path. Representative Tulsi Gabbard, Democrat of Hawaii“Is Today the Day? Not Another Political Memoir” (August 20, 2019)In this forthcoming memoir, Gabbard will write about her military career, as well as how she became the first Hindu woman elected to Congress in 2012.John K. Delaney, former United States representative, Democrat of Maryland“The Right Answer: How We Can Unify Our Divided Nation” (2018)Delaney was a businessman before he ran for Congress, and in this book, he writes about why he left the private sector and what politicians can learn from entrepreneurs. HONG KONG — With the Chinese economy beginning the new year on a decidedly downbeat note, Beijing’s leaders are injecting more than $200 billion into its financial system to ease lending.The People’s Bank of China on Friday said it would cut the amount of cash that banks must hold as reserves by one percentage point. The move will essentially free up 1.5 trillion Chinese renminbi, or about $218 billion, for an economy experiencing weaker factory output and consumer confidence while it weathers a trade war with the United States.The cut is not unusual for China’s central bank, but it comes amid uncertainty about how Beijing will manage slower growth. China’s slowdown has contributed to shaky global financial markets. On Wednesday, underscoring the broad impact, Apple unexpectedly cut its sales forecast for its latest quarter, citing disappointing iPhone sales in China, once one of its most vibrant markets.Chinese officials pledged last month to step up support of the economy, and they are facing new urgency, said Mark Williams, chief Asia economist for Capital Economics, a research firm. Retail and auto sales are down, and China’s latest manufacturing data showed factory activity shrank in December. While monthly data released on Friday showed improvement in China’s services sector, the overall picture has become more concerning.“The consistently downbeat tone of the data released since then will only have underlined the strains the economy is facing,” Mr. Williams said.This month, China will report economic growth figures for the last three months of 2018. While China’s headline growth figure is widely seen as unreliable, it dipped in the third quarter to 6.5 percent, its lowest level of expansion since the aftermath of the global financial crisis.The move by the central bank on Friday appeared to be part of a coordinated effort. Earlier in the day, Li Keqiang, the country’s premier, said China would move to shore up the economy through measures that included cutting bank reserve requirement ratios and lowering taxes.The central bank said it would cut its reserve requirement ratio — a measure of how much cash from deposits that lenders need to keep — by half a percentage point on Jan. 15 and another half a percentage point by Jan. 25.The move will give banks more leeway to lend money, though analysts noted the net amount of money flowing into the system would be roughly half the $218 billion headline figure, as the central bank shuts off other sources of funds. It also comes roughly a month before China’s Lunar New Year holiday, when Chinese households sometimes strain the monetary system by spending more and by giving cash as gifts.China has traditionally used its state-controlled banking system to flood the economy with money when growth slows. Last year, China cut the reserve ratio four times. But economists, small businesses and many others say the mechanism shovels money into big, inefficient companies or into investment bubbles instead of toward the smaller entrepreneurs who need it more.The cut “will be good for curbing the economic downturn and solving the financing difficulties of enterprises,” said Yu Yongding, an economist at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.“But this is just one policy,” Mr. Yu added, saying it risks pouring money into real estate and the stock market, which would do little to solve the economy’s problems. “We need a lot of other policies to cooperate.”For several weeks, economists and analysts have speculated that officials could move to push a hefty stimulus package that would give the flagging economy a shot in the arm. But such bold moves have become increasingly difficult for the Chinese government, which is contending with a huge debt load accumulated over the last decade to spur growth.Still, many analysts took the move as a sign that China’s leader would be proactive in heading off any worsening slump.“The central bank has made it clear that this wasn’t ‘releasing the floodwaters’ by providing a huge stimulus comparable to that introduced in 2009, but it is clear that they are redoubling efforts to stabilize the economy and the currency,” Geoffrey Yu, the head of the British investment office of the Swiss bank UBS, said in an email.“This swift action supports our view that there won’t be a sharp deceleration in the Chinese economy this year and that fears of a major global slowdown are overdone,” Mr. Yu added.I cried the first time I saw a naked man. As a young woman growing up in a conservative Catholic household, I couldn’t even look at my own genitals, and thought I would go to hell for masturbating. The abstinence-only education I received — at school, at home, in the church — left me with years of shame, isolation and fear.I’ve watched the recent battles over allowing comprehensive sex ed in Colorado, Utah and Idaho, and I know how much is at stake for children. As a sex educator and entrepreneur, I’ve spoken with thousands of similarly miseducated young people, and I know the mental and physiological damage it can inflict.Americans laugh at the embarrassment parents face in talking to kids about sex. But it’s not a joke. Fewer students now receive comprehensive sex ed in our country than at any time in the past 20 years. Since the late 1990s, conservative activists — often with the help of conservative presidents — have steadily chipped away at sex education by funding and mandating abstinence-only policies in schools.Only about half of all school districts in the United States require any sex ed at all. Of those that do, most mandate or stress abstinence-only instruction. No birth control. No sexually transmitted infection prevention. No consent.In fact, 18 states require that educators tell students that sex is acceptable only within the context of marriage. Seven states prohibit teachers — under penalty of law — from acknowledging the existence of L.G.B.T.Q. people other than in the context of H.I.V. or to condemn homosexuality. Only 10 states even reference “sexual assault” or “consent” in their sex education curriculums.And in districts where comprehensive sex education is provided, parents are largely allowed to opt out of such instruction for their children.Conservatives often frame sex ed as government overreach, arguing that lessons in sexuality and relationships are best provided by parents. But most parents can’t or don’t provide such guidance. Refusing to provide children with medically accurate information about their own sexual development isn’t ideological; it’s negligent.It’s not even effective. States that place a heavy emphasis on abstinence-only sex ed have seen much higher rates of teen pregnancy, even when studies control for factors like income and education levels.During the Obama administration, funding for abstinence-only sex education was shifted  toward more comprehensive sex education — and teen pregnancy dropped nationwide by 41 percent. The Trump administration, embracing an abstinence-only approach, has reversed course, cutting more than $200 million in funding for the program. Despite the dreams of social conservatives, few teens actually practice abstinence. Nearly 60 percent of students have sex before they graduate from high school, according to some surveys. Many do so without any instruction from parents or schools on condoms, infections or consent.Perhaps that’s why one in four American women will become pregnant by the time they turn 20.Or why a quarter of all new cases of sexually transmitted infections occur in teenagers — and the number of S.T.I.s has been at all-time highs.Or why only 41 percent of American women have described their first sexual experience as wanted.When we refuse to teach students about sex, we don’t stop sex — we just make it more dangerous. And it’s not just because of S.T.I.s.Kids who lack information and ownership over their bodies are more likely to be taken advantage of. When children are taught that all premarital sex is negative, it’s harder for them to fight, or report, abuse or coercion.Abstinence education negates the possibility of consent. When I was a teen, I was taught that men would try to get sex from me, and that my job was to say no. That made me feel as if the coercion and violations that happened to me were my fault. All sexual acts are equally wrong, so if a boy went too far on a date with me, it was my fault for letting him touch me at all.Keeping children in the dark allows predators to set the narrative. They count on the culture of silence and the sense of shame. When virginity is prized as the highest honor, those who are assaulted can feel even more worthless — and may avoid reporting abusive or predatory behavior out of shame and confusion.For L.G.B.T.Q. children, things can be even more bleak. A lack of inclusive sex education contributes to feelings of isolation and shame, while enabling bullies. L.G.B.T.Q. kids have even fewer resources, and face more drastic consequences — from physical abuse to homelessness — when they attempt to report assaults. When we promote abstinence over medically accurate sexual health, it inflicts a lifetime of physical and psychological harm on young people.It doesn’t have to be this way. In many countries, the right to accurate information about sexual health is deemed essential. Children raised in the Netherlands, for example, begin sex ed in kindergarten. American teens give birth at a rate that is five times higher than that of their Dutch counterparts. Most Dutch teens report their first sexual experience positively.We joke about sex because it’s difficult for us to talk about. And in part because our parents weren’t able to talk with us about it, we’re unable to talk with our kids. We can break the cycle for the next generation of young people by fighting for accessible and comprehensive sex education.Their safety is more important than our shame.Andrea Barrica is the founder and chief executive of O.school, a media platform for learning about sexuality.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.A day is a day, with so many hours of darkness and so many of light. It’s a hard reality that no powerful king or brilliant philosopher has ever found a way around. And yet, every year, bless our hearts, we try.Compelled by the augustly named federal Uniform Time Act of 1966, most Americans will leap ahead — or stumble blearily — from one configuration of the clock to another this weekend, as daylight saving time clicks in at 2 a.m. Sunday.But many people are saying it’s time for time to be left alone. State legislatures from New England to the West Coast are considering proposals to end the leaping, clock-shifting confusion of hours lost or gained, and the conundrums it can create.Could 8 a.m. somehow, somewhere in the universe, really still be 8 a.m., even if now you’re suddenly calling it 9?“I cannot change the rotation of the earth and sun,” said Kansen Chu, a California lawmaker who is sponsoring a bill to keep the state permanently on daylight time — one of at least 31 states that are addressing some aspect of daylight saving and its discontents. “But I am hoping to get more sunlight to the people of California.”Proponents of setting the clock once and being done with it, like Mr. Chu, a Democrat from the San Jose area, said that shifting back and forth in the spring and fall, if it ever really made sense, no longer does.California voters agreed last fall, approving a ballot proposition for year-round daylight time by a wide margin.Lifestyles and patterns of work are different now than they were when daylight saving first became entrenched nationally during and after World War II. Research, Mr. Chu and others said, has shown that human beings just aren’t as flexible about their daily rhythms as they once seemed; accidents, heart attacks and strokes tend to occur in greater numbers around the time shift.The 1966 law allows states to opt out of daylight saving, and Hawaii and Arizona do so, staying on standard time all year; so does Puerto Rico. But for reasons that historians say remain murky, the law does not allow states to opt in all the way, and choose daylight time year-round. So the California proposal, and a similar bill passed by the Florida Legislature last year, would require an act of Congress to take effect.Josh Yokela, a Republican state legislator in New Hampshire, is working on a way around that problem. He is the lead sponsor of a bill, passed by the State House last month, to request that New Hampshire be shifted into the Atlantic time zone, which by fine coincidence would do exactly what daylight saving does now: put the state an hour ahead of Eastern Standard Time. Then the state would opt out of seasonal clock changes, as the 1966 law allows.The key is that moving to a different time zone does not require an act of Congress — all it takes is an order from the Transportation Department, the federal agency that oversees time (a legacy of its duties regulating railroad schedules).“We would be on the same time as the rest of the Eastern time zone for eight months of the year, because they accept daylight saving time — and when they fall back in the winter, we wouldn’t,” Mr. Yokela said.Of course, it matters what your neighbors’ clocks say, and not just your own. Regional considerations played a role both in how daylight time first appeared a century ago, and in the debate over what to do about it now.New Hampshire’s bill, for example, says that because the state is so closely tied economically with the other New England states, especially Maine and Massachusetts, it would only try the jump to Atlantic time if the others did as well.Proximity also had ripple effects in the 1920s, when New York City, having tasted daylight saving as a temporary measure during World War I, decided to keep it in peacetime. Retailers found that people shopped and spent more on their way home from work when there was more evening light, and Wall Street investors liked gaining an hour of overlap with trading on the London financial markets.Supporters also argued that nudging the clock forward to have more of a summer’s daylight fall in the evening would save energy by reducing the need for artificial light.Once New York was doing it, places like Boston that needed to stay in sync economically decided to follow suit. A similar domino effect led Detroit to petition in 1922 to move to Eastern time from Central, followed by most of the rest of Michigan. And now, with California inching toward a change, time bills are being considered in Washington, Oregon and Nevada.The early days of experiments with time changes brought on a lot of head-scratching, said Michael Downing, a novelist and lecturer in creative writing at Tufts University who has written a social history, called “Spring Forward: The Annual Madness of Daylight Saving Time.” Some people worried that an extra hour of light in the evening would dry up and brown their lawns, or that cows would become confused and not give as much milk.“The idea of losing or gaining an hour is itself such a fantastically bad philosophical proposition that nobody knows what they’re talking about,” Mr. Downing said. “Most people don’t even understand whether moving the clocks forward gives them more sunlight or less sunlight in the morning. They just can’t remember what it does, because it so defies logic.”Scott Yates, a technology entrepreneur in Colorado who runs a website dedicated to staying on daylight saving time year-round, predicted that most of the state bills would go nowhere. Though he believes the idea has gained some legitimacy, with lawmakers thinking especially about the health effects of time changes, it is hardly a top legislative priority for anyone. At the same time, it is not a bitterly partisan issue, which in these days of divided politics feels pretty rare.“It’s sort of odd, in that it doesn’t have any natural political division to it, but it doesn’t have a natural constituency, either,” Mr. Yates said. “It’s actually kind of refreshing in that way.”MONTREAL — Being nice in Canada can sometimes feel like a full-time job.There was that time Prime Minister Justin Trudeau cuddled with two baby pandas.Over the weekend, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland welcomed a Saudi teenager at Toronto airport with a warm embrace after she had fled abusive members of her family and been granted asylum in Canada.Now, Canadian air traffic controllers have helped burnish the country’s image as the do-gooder of the world by sending hundreds of pizzas to their American counterparts, who have been working without pay since a government shutdown began on Dec. 22.And, yes, some were apparently garnished with Canadian bacon.Peter Duffey, president of the Canadian Air Traffic Control Association, said the show of cheesy support began last week when employees at an air traffic control center in Edmonton, Alberta, decided to buy pizzas for their colleagues at an office in Anchorage, Alaska. Soon, dozens of other Canadian traffic control centers joined in.“We wanted to show solidarity with our American colleagues,” he said. “In our society we are polite and friendly people and this gesture is part of that.”“In the United States, people have responded to this simple act of pizza by saying, ‘Damn, you Canadians are so nice. I’m moving to Canada.’ ”By Monday, about 400 pizzas had been delivered to air traffic control towers across the United States, from El Paso, Tex., to Ronkonkoma, Long Island, which on Friday received 32 pies from Gino’s Pizzeria of Ronkonkoma, compliments of air traffic controllers in Gander, Newfoundland, and Moncton, New Brunswick.[Want more Canadian coverage in your inbox? Sign up for our weekly Canada Letter newsletter.]Many Canadians have reacted with shock to what they regard as the seemingly endless drama of the Trump administration, including the special counsel investigation of President Trump and the acrimonious trade negotiations between Canada and the United States.Now the United States government is partly shut down, caught in a political dispute over securing money for a southern-border wall that Mr. Trump wants to help keep migrants out.Canadians have sought to avoid un-Canadian-like behavior such as gloating. But with the pizza deliveries, they appeared to bask in their own relative serenity and yet another feel-good moment reaffirming their humanism.“ ‘Pizza Diplomacy’, eh!” Ankur Chhabra, an economist studying public health in Toronto, wrote on Twitter. “Proud to be in a country that is so full of love and respect for everyone. Our southern neighbors need to imbibe this more often, I guess.”“That’s why the world loves Canada,” an entrepreneur identified as KC wrote on Twitter.“That’s amore,” added The Toronto Star.In the United States, where about 10,000 air traffic controllers have been working without pay, the reaction was also effusive.On ATC Memes, a Facebook page run by a former air traffic controller that helped the pizza gifts gain global attention, there was an outpouring of gratitude for Canada.Among those commenting was Chris Taylor, who saluted the country of bone-chilling weather, socialized medicine and maple syrup.“I know who I’m voting for next election,” he wrote. “Canada!”A Twitter user identified as “Call me Myke” wrote that he was very grateful for “the extremely kind gesture of buying us pizza while our own government isn’t paying us.” He added, “I might have to cheer for a Canadian hockey team.”“O! Canada we don’t deserve you,” added George Capen, a California-based United States Navy veteran.Mr. Duffey noted that air-traffic control was among the most stressful jobs, and that the Canadians, who work closely with Americans to ensure the safety of North American airspace, hoped that the pizza would cheer them up.“In our business you have to be 100 percent right, 100 percent of the time and there is no room for error,” he said. “Now, on top of that, people have to come to work and worry about the added stress of paying their mortgages or putting food on the table.”Canadians, he added, had long shown humanity in times of crisis in the United States, including during the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, when citizens of Gander, Newfoundland, housed and fed nearly 6,700 people after American airspace was closed and 38 planes were forced to land in the small Canadian town of 10,000 people.Their willingness to host those who were stranded captured the global imagination, and inspired a Tony Award-winning Broadway musical, “Come from Away.”Pilgrims from the United States have even traveled to Gander to meet “nice people.”Canadian air traffic controllers were not alone in expressing solidarity with their American counterparts through pizza offerings. Controllers at the Irish Aviation Authority base in Shannon did the same, ordering six large pies for workers in Westbury, Long Island, news media in Ireland reported Monday. The Irish Sun said Borrelli’s Italian Restaurant Cafe and Pizzeria delivered the pies Sunday night.Please sign up here to have the Race/Related newsletter delivered weekly to your inbox.Baye McNeil, a journalist based in Japan, has been working to change perceptions there of black people and culture. Originally from Brooklyn, he has spent 15 years in Japan and writes a column called “Black Eye” for The Japan Times. He appears frequently in the Japanese media to talk about diversity. Mr. McNeil visited the newsroom this week and gave us a different perspective on race, one that we want to share with you. This interview, done after the visit over email, has been condensed and edited for clarity.How has Japan changed your views on race and racism?Living there has given me an opportunity to view and address race issues in a sort of laboratory setting or safe space. Before going there, there was no truly safe space in the U.S. That burden I carried, that psychological armor, was out of necessity because, particularly as a black man in America, your very life or livelihood is in jeopardy constantly.This safety has allowed me to grow, experiment and expand my understanding of these complex issues and how to address them effectively.You describe often having an empty seat next to you on the train — no matter how crowded it is — as few people want to sit next to you. It’s even captured in the cover illustration of your first book. Tell us how you deal with that.Making peace with such behavior requires either a diminishing of the culprit’s inviolable humanity, or your own. Neither is acceptable to me. I’ve written about it extensively, for the empty-seat phenomenon permeates virtually every aspect of the conspicuous non-Japanese person’s life. It manifests itself on trains, buses, cafes, even walking down the street. But mostly I manage my feelings about it by raising awareness of its problematic nature.There have also been blackface incidents in Japan. An aging doo-wop group, which claims to pay homage to black people and music by dressing up in old Motown-like get-ups, Afros and blackface, was going to perform a minstrel show on Fuji TV, a national network. I spearheaded a campaign to get the producers and sponsors to reconsider doing so. Not because it was racist, but because the world is now watching Japanese media in real time and the world will label Japan an ignorant or racist country if this kind of thing continues unchecked. The petition caused the segment to be canceled. But the decision to alter the programming in response to a protest and petition signed by Japanese people was not even mentioned in Japanese papers or newscasts.Many Japanese aren’t aware of the history of blackface in America, nor the origins of its use in Japan (Japanese learned blackface from racist Americans). They operate under the belief that since Japan does not have the same history of slavery and oppression against black people, that their use of blackface should not be viewed as racist or offensive. In fact, many feel it’s their way of showing respect for black peoples and cultures.Has Naomi Osaka’s rise to stardom been a turning point for how Japanese view hafus (mixed-race people)?I don’t think her ascension has had much of an impact on how Japanese view biracial Japanese. I think most see a cute biracial Japanese girl. However, the pushback against the whitewashing or makeover of her image by Nissin, one of the world’s largest instant-noodle companies, has generated public discussion about why such a thing was done. That may lead to discussions of the challenges that face Japan’s growing number of mixed-race couples and their offspring.You don’t like to use the word “racism,” so instead you use “presumption.” Why?Words like “racism” have a tendency to shut down conversations and have all parties retreating to their respective foxholes, with nothing resolved or even meaningfully addressed. This can be particularly true when dealing with Japanese people: The brand of propaganda popular here pretty much dictates that Japanese are incapable of being racists because they only have experience with, and direct exposure to, one race over the course of their lifetimes.But I’ve found that people are more open to discussing problematic behaviors like asserting presumptions at unknown entities, something everyone can recognize in themselves. Whereas, people are seldom willing to recognize racism, at least not aloud. Over the course of such a discussion, participants generally come to the conclusion on their own about how their presumptions can easily lend themselves to racialization, and even racism itself, if done on a larger, more institutional basis.What have you learned from writing a newspaper column for five years? I’ve learned my own knowledge of how diverse blackness is in Japan was limited. Through the column, I’ve learned of black lawyers, university presidents, stuntmen, filmmakers, J-pop idols, entrepreneurs galore, even true expats with political aspirations. This had the impact on me that I was hoping it would have on our Japanese hosts. Second, I learned how writing is a form of activism. I never intended to be an activist but it’s inevitable that if you take on issues with passion and persuasiveness that will lend itself to activism. By virtue of your prominence, people will look to you for leadership. It’s a hell of a responsibility and has placed me and my work in the cross hairs of some unsavory elements over here, some of whom labeled me and any black person with a similar “can’t sit silent and still and accept the nonsense” mentality as dangers to Japan.I wrote a column in response to this in 2018, called “Are black people dangerous for Japan?” In it, I declared that I definitely am dangerous to the status quo.Readers, please tell us about your experiences in Japan, and share your photos with us at racerelated@nytimes.com. We might include your responses in an upcoming newsletter.For more coverage, see our archive and sign up here to have Race/Related delivered weekly to your inbox.WASHINGTON — Patriot Puck, a New York-based company, wrapped its hockey pucks in American flags, declaring them “The Only American Made Hockey Puck!”The mattress firm Nectar Sleep, founded by Silicon Valley entrepreneurs, promoted its mattresses as “designed and assembled in the U.S.A.”Two California-based manufacturers of deployment bags, tactical gear and other merchandise marketed to active and retired American military personnel sold the products online as #MadeInUSA, and inserted “American Made” tags into its products.In reality, most of the products were manufactured entirely in China, according to the Federal Trade Commission.Last fall, the F.T.C. determined that all four companies had violated federal law by engaging in “unfair or deceptive acts” and falsely marketing their goods as American-made.But while President Trump has accused China of destroying American jobs and prioritized strengthening United States manufacturing, his appointees at the F.T.C. did little to punish the firms. The companies faced no fines and were not required to admit any wrongdoing or to notify customers of their false marketing. The trade commission entered into proposed consent agreements with each firm barring them from falsely marketing their products with the threat of fines if they violated the agreement. A final decision on the penalties is expected in the coming weeks after a public comment period ends.The trade commission’s treatment of the companies has angered Democratic lawmakers, who are urging the Trump administration to pursue tougher punishments for companies that profit by producing products in China and falsely labeling them as American-made.“We call on the commission to do more to protect American manufacturers and consumers,” a group of senators wrote to the F.T.C. last month. Senators Chris Murphy of Connecticut, Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin asked the agency to “provide specific insights about the commission’s decision to seek no consequences in these brazen instances of fraudulently labeling goods as ‘Made in the USA.’”From the campaign trail to the White House, Mr. Trump has directed much of his focus to rebuilding American jobs and industries. In April 2017, Mr. Trump signed a “Buy American and Hire American” executive order, with the goal of promoting the use of “American-made goods and to ensure that American labor is hired to do the job.”Mr. Trump has put a particular focus on revitalizing American manufacturing, which he says has been decimated by cheap Chinese labor and materials.That has Democrats questioning why the agency is not being more aggressive in going after American companies that manufacture their goods in China.“Many companies that manufacture at home are already treading water,” Rohit Chopra, a Democratic F.T.C. commissioner who disagreed with the decision, said in an interview. “American companies shouldn’t lose out to corporate cheaters who lie on their labels.”Mr. Brown, who is considering running for president, said the agency’s penalty did not match the severity of the companies’ behavior.“If companies that break our laws do not face financial penalties, then our American manufacturers are severely undermined,” Mr. Brown said. “We need stronger enforcement by the F.T.C. and greater transparency when it comes to the commission’s actions to crack down on these violators.”Some agency officials, including one of its two Democratic commissioners, defended the settlement, saying that the threat of future penalties was a strong deterrent. The companies face a $40,000 penalty per violation if they are caught making false claims again. And officials said the agency did not seek monetary relief, in part, because there was no “price premium,” meaning the goods were not more expensive than similar products sold by competitors, who also imported their products but did not falsely label them as American-made.“In our view, a thoughtful review and forward-looking plan is a more effective and efficient use of commission resources than reopening and relitigating the cases before us today,” Joseph J. Simons, the F.T.C. chairman, and Rebecca Kelly Slaughter, a Democratic commissioner, wrote in a statement in September.But at least one company has complained to the commission, alleging in a letter that the backpack manufacturer’s misleading claim cost it lucrative contracts.“Sandpiper caused confusion to at least one organizational buyer at the Army and Air Force Exchange Service looking for ‘Made in the USA’ products,” Alan Watts, a lawyer representing a competing company, Advantus, wrote to the commission in October. “This caused a very real unfair competitive disadvantage to Advantus whose compliance with the law caused it to lose sales.”The F.T.C. has a long history of weak enforcement in “Made in America” cases that preceded Mr. Trump’s tenure. The commission lists on its website 26 “Made in America” cases it has reviewed since 1999. In some of those cases, companies have agreed to a monetary settlement. In 2016, for instance, Chemence, a specialty chemical company, agreed to pay $220,000 to resolve an agency lawsuit. But in many other cases, the settlements required only record-keeping and reporting requirements to make sure companies did not violate the law again.The commission first found out about the false “Made in America” claims made by the four companies in question now through a dedicated complaint line, according to James Kohm, associate director of the enforcement division for the Bureau of Consumer Protection.Mr. Kohm, in an interview, noted that Patriot Pucks went out of business shortly after the F.T.C.’s first ruling in September, and that Sandpiper, one of the tactical gear manufacturers, was sold to a new owner last fall while the company was involved in litigation with the commission.“We’ve reached a preliminary agreement, whereby the company has not been required to admit any liability,” said a lawyer representing Piper Gear, the second tactical gear maker. He said he could not comment further because the settlement was not final.After a public comment period, which included the questions from lawmakers on Capitol Hill, the commission is expected to issue a final notice on the cases in the coming weeks. The senators, along with Mr. Chopra, are pressing to change the settlement to further penalize the wrongdoers.“The commission should consider remedies tailored to the individual circumstances of the fraud, including redress and notice for consumers, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains, opt-in return programs, or admissions of wrongdoing,” Mr. Chopra wrote in a dissenting statement.The latest generation of Silicon Valley start-ups is now sprinting to the public markets, raising hopes among large and small investors eager to invest in these high-profile, fast-growing firms. But the class of 2019 is far different from its predecessors. These companies, including gig economy darlings like Uber and Lyft, are generally older and larger, powered for years by billions of dollars of private money that has reshaped the start-up world.The additional maturity of the companies may curb wild swings — both big gains and big losses — for new investors. But it could also mean that the companies’ fastest phases of growth are behind them. As a result, there is an increased risk that in this wave of tech I.P.O.s, an elite group of investors, like sovereign wealth funds and venture capitalists, will grab a larger share of the winnings compared with new investors.“Individual investors are going to get in too late,” said Jason DeSena Trennert, managing partner at Strategas Research Partners, a markets and economic analysis firm. “They’re going to be the last investors in, and that’s the concern.”[Lyft’s shares soared on Friday when it began trading on public markets.]The change reflects a large-scale shift in the way that American entrepreneurs raise money to build their companies. Instead of quickly turning to the public markets and the scrutiny that comes with that, as Amazon and Google did, they are building huge businesses over the course of many years on the back of private money, and with fewer demands for financial disclosures.Uber, the giant ride-hailing company, has raised more than $20 billion over the last decade. Lyft, its smaller rival, which priced its I.P.O. late Thursday at $72 a share and is expected to start trading on the Nasdaq Friday, raised $4.9 billion over seven years.Many start-ups in earlier waves — back to the dot-com boom of the late 1990s, when Amazon was listed on the Nasdaq — went public just a few years after their founding. Some, like Pets.com, had tiny amounts of revenue, and now exist only in Silicon Valley lore. A combination of policy changes and vast new riches in the tech industry has been changing the equation for start-ups for more than a decade. Mutual funds and hedge funds — the typical investors in a start-up’s I.P.O. — began buying stakes in large private companies as a way to build up larger stakes before the new businesses went public. Other big investors joined in, including large sovereign wealth funds and the outsize SoftBank Vision Fund, creating an even hotter market. Venture capital investments into United States-based companies grew to $99.5 billion in 2018, the highest level since 2000, according to CB Insights, a company that tracks start-ups.Those investments have driven valuations of start-ups to unusual heights. There are now at least 333 so-called unicorns, companies valued at $1 billion or more, according to CB Insights. In 2014 there were around 80.Lyft has a private valuation of more than $11 billion. So does Pinterest, another company in the process of going public. That is roughly the market value that public investors put on the retailer Kohl’s and the online trading firm E-Trade Financial. Uber, the largest of the private companies expected to head for the stock market this year, has a private-market valuation of more than $70 billion. In public markets, that’s roughly the same size as corporate giants such as Goldman Sachs and CVS Health. Matt Murphy, a partner at Menlo Ventures, a leading venture capital firm, said the higher valuations and larger investments correlate with bigger opportunities created by smartphones and cloud computing. “The magnitude of the audiences that can be reached and the monetization per user has grown,” he said. “Their growth potential is much higher than was previously anticipated.”Some industry groups and investors who urge fewer regulations say the emphasis on the private markets is an outgrowth of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the federal law passed in 2002 that tightened accounting rules for public companies after the accounting scandals of the early 2000s. Besides raising disclosure requirements and other changes, the law required top executives to attest to the accuracy of corporate financial statements. Some say those higher costs to guarantee compliance can dissuade smaller companies from going public. Private companies, by comparison, can operate with far less disclosure. They are under no obligation to file quarterly earnings updates or audited annual financial statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Nor are they required to broadly distribute updates on business developments to the public. Others say the decline in public offerings began before Sarbanes-Oxley passed. They attribute the change to a wave of federal deregulation, which made it easier to raise money and sell companies privately. Lighter antitrust enforcement set off a boom in mergers and acquisitions, allowing smaller firms to sell to bigger companies instead of going public. At the same time, new laws made it easier for private companies to sell securities to qualified investors around the country, bolstering funding from private equity and venture capital.Whatever the driver, the net result has been a clear downturn in the number of public companies in the United States. The number of listed companies has declined by 52 percent since 1997, to a bit more than 3,600 in 2016, according to a working paper from the National Bureau of Economic Research published last year. This long-term shrinkage in publicly available shares is a reason that some analysts expect Uber, Lyft and other prominent start-ups to receive a warm response from the institutional investors who typically buy freshly issued shares, even if the potential upside could be smaller. “There’s an element, I think, of pent-up demand here,” said David Ethridge, who advises on public offerings at the consulting firm PwC. “I think people will have a feeling of, I don’t really want to miss out.”Investors have some reason to be skeptical of paying top dollar for newly minted public companies, however. Over the last two years, the value of companies that completed public offerings actually fell by an average of 8 percent, according to a recent research report from Goldman Sachs analysts. Over the same period, the S&P 500 stock index was up about 12 percent. Benjamin Moore offers consumers a choice of more than 3,500 paint colors. Sherwin-Williams, a competitor, sells a more limited but still substantial palette of 1,500 hues. To buy either brand, you generally have to visit a hardware store or big-box retailer like Lowe’s, select from an array of color chips and wait while the paint is mixed by an employee. You may have to buy sample cans to test the paint on your walls at home, and make a return trip to the store, before you settle on the right color.It’s not exactly a soulful task, but for decades it was a manageable one. Or perhaps it wasn’t. Because as with so many consumer categories that have been transformed over the past decade by tech entrepreneurs, from mattresses to eyewear to hailing a cab, paint is being “disrupted.”Two new brands — Clare and Backdrop — have emerged in the past eight months, selling paint through their websites. Convenience and a friction-free life, ideally one in which any desire can be fulfilled through clicking and swiping, is the millennial consumer’s utopia, and now that utopia has colors of its own, with generationally appropriate names like Clare’s “No Filter” (a “light beige with warm undertones”). Say goodbye to the hardware store, because now you choose the paint online and have it shipped to your home. Say goodbye to testing paint on your walls, because now the samples are disposable peel-away stickers. Say goodbye, too, to choice overload, because Clare and Backdrop each offer a “curated” selection of about 50 colors. That’s less than half of the 132 colors offered by Farrow & Ball, the high-end British brand that previously marketed an edited palette. (One Kings Lane, with its new direct-to-consumer paint collection, offers an even more edited 32 hues.)Brad Sherman, a designer in New York who specializes in commercial design for tech companies like Casper and Food52, said he was recently served an ad for Backdrop on Instagram and was intrigued. “I felt it was about time somebody looked at disrupting this industry,” Mr. Sherman said. “The branding, the repackaging of the paint can, the tools. Looking at chips, the color is never accurate.”It can be difficult at first to tell Clare and Backdrop apart (just as with Uber and Lyft in the ride-hailing business). Both are New York-based companies founded by young people who wax on about “storytelling” and “pain points.” Both tout their eco-friendly bona fides. Both offer a subdued selection of colors sure to look great on Instagram, and at prices comparable to most midrange paints (about $45 per gallon). And where Farrow & Ball made an art out of twee names (Elephant’s Breath, anyone?), Clare and Backdrop give it an on-trend spin: Clare’s natural green is Avocado Toast; Backdrop’s warm beige is Palo Santo.First-mover advantage, however, goes to Clare, which debuted last July, four months ahead of Backdrop. With its uncluttered design and simple navigation, Clare’s website is perhaps better at conveying the mood of domestic ease, while the brand’s colors “seem to be a little brighter, a littler clearer,” than Backdrop’s, said Annie Elliott, an interior designer and blogger in Washington, D.C., who goes by the nom de plume Bossy Color. “I’m a sucker for kits, and that adorable yellow Clare box — sign me up,” Ms. Elliott said, referring to the brand’s five-piece tool kit, which sells for $25.Clare’s founder, Nicole Gibbons, 37, is a former interior designer who appeared on the TV show “Home Made Simple,” on the OWN network. Working with clients on the show and through her interiors firm showed her how lost people were about painting without an expert guide.“Like white, for example. You would think white was just white. Easy,” Ms. Gibbons said. “But you go to any other company and there are usually a hundred or more whites to choose from. People start to get confused and doubt.”Taking a “hyper-curated” approach, Ms. Gibbons offered only three whites with Clare, and one paint finish for walls (eggshell) and one finish for trim (semigloss). She also developed a “color genius” tool that asks questions about your space and spits out a recommended hue. “The whole premise of Clare is to simplify, so by the time you’re at the end of this process, it’s joy, not hassle,” Ms. Gibbons said. “Sometimes people just want fewer, better choices.”Caleb and Natalie Ebel, the married founders of Backdrop, also espouse fewer, better, but unlike Ms. Gibbons, they celebrate the messiness of painting. Colors are represented on their site as gooey drops of wet paint, and the imagery in their ad campaign is of people ready to paint, not static, furnished rooms. The Ebels, both in their early 30s, have no background in design or color theory. Ms. Ebel worked in marketing and branding for an education nonprofit, while Mr. Ebel, who has a finance degree, touts his early experience at Warby Parker (“I worked at Warby Parker” is the new “I was at Woodstock”). With Backdrop, the Ebels have applied personal branding and style signifiers to a business “void of any emotion,” Mr. Ebel said.Thus, Backdrop’s neutral beige is named Ryokan Guesthouse because two years ago, before their daughter was born, the Ebels spent their babymoon in Japan. They are developing Spotify playlists for each color. Inspired by olive-oil canisters, they redesigned the boring round paint can; the Backdrop can is square, with a rubber stopper that gives what Mr. Ebel called “a beautiful pour.” In addition to paint and tools, the Ebels sell branded work T-shirts, drop cloths and coveralls. Indeed, they say they want to make painting appear so fun and easy that people will be inspired to change their walls every six months.Isn’t that exhausting?“Well, it’s the cheapest way to transform your space,” Ms. Ebel said.Fifty percent of Backdrop’s customers don’t bother testing samples, she added: “They’re commenting on social that they’re purchasing paint because of the names. When your backdrop is Surf Camp, you’re much more able to remember that versus just blue.”Ms. Elliott, the designer, said she is unlikely to buy paint based on a catchy name. At the moment, one go-to is Benjamin Moore’s Simply White, a shade she has used time and again.But, she admitted, “this is for a generation of folks who are probably not going to hire a designer anyway. It’s for someone who wants to spend a Saturday changing the room for not a lot of money. And for that, I see the appeal.”WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif. — The problem with stardom, most any star will tell you, is you can’t turn it off anymore. Certain protocols used to apply when it came to sightings of famous folk in public. But that was in the bygone days of the Brown Derby or Chasen’s, about a billion “creepshots” ago.Now, of course, it is next to impossible for people like Jennifer Aniston or Justin Timberlake to do the boringly normal stuff the rest of us take for granted. And that realization was at the core of an idea the hotelier Jeffrey Klein had for a personal second act. After more than a decade operating the celebrity petting zoo that is Sunset Tower Hotel and its now-storied Tower Bar, Mr. Klein understood better than most that the one craving that famous people cannot satisfy is to get their anonymity back. “Privacy is the new luxury,” Mr. Klein said one chilly recent morning, a week after he opened the doors on his latest project, a private club whose membership is largely composed of strangers you know by name. It has been 15 years since Mr. Klein and his partners paid $18 million for the Sunset Tower, a faded Art Deco relic on a stretch of Sunset Strip that, although now booming, had fallen into funky desuetude. Against most odds and all prevailing wisdom, he soon established it and its Tower Bar restaurant as essential landmarks of the new Hollywood. The Tower Bar, in particular, quickly evolved into the preferred watering hole of studio moguls, literary agents, fashion designers, power brokers and A-list movie stars, who prized Mr. Klein’s ability to reconcile the paradox that the famous experience the same giddiness we all do when exposed to others of their kind. Unlike ordinary mortals, though, they also yearn to recapture the privacy whose loss is the price tag of modern celebrity.With no fixed ambition to do so, Mr. Klein eased into the role of social Hollywood’s de facto gatekeeper, “sort of like a cross between Billy Haines and George Cukor with a little Perle Mesta,” as the screenwriter Jon Robin Baitz said (referring to a film star turned decorator, an Oscar-winning director and the Washington hostess who inspired “Call Me Madam,” the 1950 Irving Berlin musical).And for the past 13 years, ever since the Sunset Tower was “painstakingly restored to its Art Deco glory,” as The New York Times once noted, nobody got a power table at its cozy wood-paneled restaurant without going through Mr. Klein’s right hand man, Dimitri Dimitrov, 68: a Macedonian immigrant and career maître d’ himself renowned for an uncanny ability to diagram the fluctuations of Hollywood power, and equally for courtesy so mannered as to evoke Kabuki.For years, Vanity Fair held its Oscars night party at his hotel, along with the more stellar one given by the powerful talent agency CAA. And for years, Mr. Klein was approached by investors eager to replicate the Sunset Tower’s success. “I could have slapped my name on a thousand things and rolled out new properties," he said. “But I didn’t want to do just another hotel.”Instead Mr. Klein pursued a challenge equal to that first presented by the Sunset Tower. “I like dumps, and I like places with ghosts,” he said. Both, as it happened, were to be found under his nose at a druggie, clothing-optional motel complex blocks away from Sunset Tower in West Hollywood, a cluster of bungalows erected in the late 19th century as housing for workers laying railway lines to the coast.The Jolt of Soho HouseNot everyone would have detected in this collection of listing frame structures the potential for a private club that would make getting into Tower Bar seem almost as easy as grabbing a booth at IHOP. But Mr. Klein had long nurtured a dream of recreating in Los Angeles a members-only gathering place on the order of Annabel’s, a London nightclub founded in 1963 in what had been a coal cellar by the aristocratic British entrepreneur Mark Birley and distinguished by a clientele that, over the years, included royals and Frank Sinatra, Aristotle Onassis and Kate Moss.Not coincidentally, this interest coincided with a growing trend in Los Angeles, as elsewhere, for people to come together in upscale public settings not unlike social versions of a gated community. Clubs are far from new in Los Angeles, of course, their long history likely beginning with the “gentlemen-only” California Club, which opened over a livery stable in 1887, followed eight years later with establishment of the staid Jonathan Club, whose headquarters still occupy almost a block of prime real estate in the city’s downtown (with another outpost on an unrivaled stretch of beach in Santa Monica).But it was Soho House that jolted the social landscape of Los Angeles with its opening nearly 10 years ago in a glass-box building along Sunset Boulevard just shy of Beverly Hills.“They invited me and John to be founding members and I said no,” Mr. Klein said, referring to his husband, John Goldwyn, a producer and scion of the film family. “I thought I would never want to be a member of a private club,” he added — or even, as Groucho Marx once said “any club that will have me as a member.”That perspective shifted, Mr. Klein said, when membership in Soho House boomed and the agents, actors, producers, publicists and studio executives that had long patronized his restaurant and hotel began clamoring to get in. “It pricked up my ears to see how successful it was," Mr. Klein said.Rather than a membership roster drawn from a relatively broad swath of the local population, however, Mr. Klein envisioned for the San Vicente Bungalows a more tightly edited group of those representing the ecosystem he knows best: one composed principally of apex predators.“There’s nothing elite about it,” Mr. Klein told this reporter, as though testing for plausibility an assertion that fails to square with the fact that the advisory committee at San Vicente Bungalows is reputed to include some of the most prominent names in the art, fashion and entertainment industries. Annual dues, for that matter, are $4,200 for members over 35. It was a chilly afternoon and Mr. Klein, 48, was seated in the forecourt of his new nine-bungalow complex dressed in a tan Boglioli blazer, a Brunello Cucinelli button-down and a rumpled pair of Acne jeans. The San Vicente club was fresh from a six-year renovation estimated to have cost $50 million — nearly $2 million of it allocated for gardens in which transplanted, century-old California pepper trees now shade lattice walls of espaliered kumquats — and there were glitches.The power was dead in three electrical sockets in the club’s cozy living room, where the screenwriter Robert Harling (“Steel Magnolias”) sat in a corner tapping on an iPad. Vintage glass candy jars of peanut M&Ms were arranged on a console, but not precisely to Mr. Klein’s liking. A waitress attired in an aproned uniform from Mercatores, a Milanese livery shop, had set a lunch table backward, knife to the left and fork on the right. Consulting his phone, Mr. Klein noted that a member who was asked to resign from the club after staging a tipsy dining-room tantrum was bombarding him with text messages: “She’s begging to get back in.”Though by his own admission a “control freak,” Mr. Klein’s public face is one of affability and disarming bonhomie; he is perhaps unique as a businessman in his deployment of “I love you” as an all-purpose term of greeting and farewell. “Growing up, I always had to compensate with personality for this lack of intelligence I thought I had because I was severely dyslexic,” he said. “I was brought up with everyone telling me I was stupid. But I always had confidence in this ability to connect with people and connect them to each other.”The club of his fantasies, Mr. Klein said, was intended less as a new power matrix two miles from the one he already owns than as a democratic town square. What he envisioned at the San Vicente Bungalows, he said, was “an oasis” not unlike the storied Hollywood residential complex called Garden of Allah and made famous by inhabitants like Somerset Maugham, Ginger Rogers and F. Scott Fitzgerald. “I wanted this to be a place where a street artist can sit next to Spielberg.”Glance around, though, and no street artists are to be found. There is, however, Mr. Dimitrov — who followed Mr. Klein here from the Tower Bar, his ostentatious hospitableness intact though his striped suits traded for knit Armani blazers and sneakers from Comme des Garçons — escorting Lorne Michaels to a table in the candlelit dining room.A Bronfman in the BougainvilleaThe dominant mood of the San Vicente Bungalows club is snug and domestic. With its pool room hung with stridently colorful works selected by the Swiss artist Urs Fischer (a member); its oak-paneled living room designed by the English decorator Rita Konig as homage to Bunny Mellon’s Virginia library; its lush garden created over two years by Lisa Zeder, it resembles a Hollywood dream house out of the movies, as one member said. “It’s actually kind of a cross between a glorious English cottage, Bugsy Siegel’s hide-out and Bemelmans bar,” said Mr. Baitz, the screenwriter (and club member).In its design, the club’s interior courtyard allows for clear sightlines on almost every entrance and exit. And here, in fact, much like Tracy Lord skipping down the front steps of her Main Line mansion in “The Philadelphia Story” comes Hannah Bronfman, the D.J. heiress, descending from one of the club’s nine private bedrooms to duck beneath a bower of pink bougainvillea. And there, hunched with a script in a rattan cafe chair, sits Armie Hammer. And here is John Mayer, feet shod in Visvims and propped on a coffee table.While elsewhere in town, van loads of tourists are being carted around to view houses once inhabited by movie stars gone and long forgotten, at San Vicente Bungalows the live ones disport themselves.“I know, there is sort of an eye roll about the exclusivity” aspect of belonging to the club, Tracee Ellis Ross, the actress and comedian, said later by telephone. “It feels privileged and all of that. But at the same time there is this real need in Los Angeles for a place where you can go and be a private person and take off the celebrity part of yourself at the door.”As if to underscore that notion, members and guests at the club sign a code-of-conduct contract upon entry and surrender their phones to desk attendants dressed in piped rowing blazers. The phones are returned to them, of course, but only after the camera lens has been covered with a sticker bearing the logo of the club. “Believe me, there are people at the club far more recognizable than me,” Mr. Hammer said last week by telephone from home, where he was hanging out with his young daughter, Harper Grace. “Even for me, though, it’s great that you don’t have to worry about someone walking up and taking a selfie, or being pestered in any way.”In Mr. Klein’s world, the paparazzi that routinely bribe servers and slip weekly updated price lists to parking valets for celebrity tipoffs may be a necessary evil. Instagram is the enemy. “We live in this connected world where no one is really connected,” he said, adding that if his experience at Sunset Tower alerted him to anything it was a need to create a “safe zone” for those people whose faces beam out at us from the covers of the tabloids.“There actually are not that many celebrities in the world," D.A. Wallach, the musician and tech entrepreneur (and club member), said recently. “Part of what Jeff is good at is creating a community and environment for this rarefied group.”In a dream factory like Hollywood, where the business meeting is the dominant form of social intercourse and transience a defining state, community can sometimes seem like an anomalous concept. “L.A. lacks a coherent, cohesive culture of gathering places,” Mr. Baitz said flatly. “It just does.”What is never in short supply is the hypnotic pull those on the inside exert on the rest of us and the sense that life would far better if you could only join the club. And that is Mr. Klein's fundamental proposition at both the Tower Bar and his San Vicente Bungalows.“What makes L.A. so interesting is that it has always been this city of immigrants with this fantasy about what their own lives could become here," Mr. Wallach said. “There’s a recursive element in the way Jeff exports this idea of the culture of Hollywood even to Hollywood itself. San Vicente Bungalows is a throwback to something. But what?”Mac Wiseman, the bluegrass balladeer and guitar player known as “the Voice With a Heart,” whose hallmark was crossing musical genre lines, died on Sunday in Nashville. He was 93.The cause was kidney failure, his companion and caregiver, Janie Boyd, said.Mr. Wiseman first made his mark in the 1940s playing with bluegrass legends, first as a founding member of Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs’s Foggy Mountain Boys, and then with Bill Monroe’s Blue Grass Boys.As a sometime lead singer with Monroe’s group, Mr. Wiseman was featured on classics like “Can’t You Hear Me Callin’ ” and “Travelin’ This Lonesome Road.” He appeared as a headlining act on the bluegrass circuit in the 1950s and ’60s.But his musical instincts were always too wide-ranging to rest comfortably within the sometimes hermetic confines of bluegrass.“Not to sound too critical, but the ‘bluegrass’ classification was the worst damned thing ever happened to me,” Mr. Wiseman said, talking about his first decade as a solo artist, in an interview with the roots music magazine No Depression in 2006. “Up until then I was getting as much airplay as Marty Robbins or Ray Price.”Mr. Wiseman’s biggest hits as a solo artist were “The Ballad of Davy Crockett” in 1955 and “Jimmy Brown, the Newsboy” in 1959, both of which reached the Top 10 of the country chart. His other early successes included interpretations of songs like “Love Letters in the Sand,” which had been a No. 1 pop hit for Pat Boone, and “I Wonder How the Old Folks Are at Home,” a parlor favorite recorded by the Carter Family.Mr. Wiseman’s signature song, “ ’Tis Sweet to Be Remembered,” was written in 1902, and his version owed as much to vintage pop and swing music as it did to country or bluegrass. “ ’Tis sweet to be remembered, on a bright or a gloomy day / ’Tis sweet to be remembered, by a dear one far away,” he crooned in a limpid tenor in the song’s waltzing chorus.The record, his first release as a solo artist, was typical of the earnest, reverberating delivery that would sustain him in a seven-decade solo career, in which he released more than 60 albums.Not merely a gifted singer, Mr. Wiseman was also a successful music producer and entrepreneur. He was the founding secretary of the board of the Country Music Foundation in 1958. Before that he spent four years as the creative director of the West Coast office of Dot Records. He also managed the WWVA Jamboree, a weekly barn dance and radio broadcast in Wheeling, W.Va., from 1966 to 1970.Despite feeling hemmed in by the bluegrass label, Mr. Wiseman was elected to the International Bluegrass Music Association’s Hall of Fame in 1993 and was for decades regarded as one of the idiom’s elder statesmen.Robert Shelton of The New York Times, reviewing an appearance by Mr. Wiseman at Carnegie Hall in 1962, wrote that he “used the penetrating, driving idiom of the bluegrass vocal leader in a most winning fashion.” Sharing the bill that evening were Mother Maybelle Carter, Johnny Cash and other popular country and bluegrass entertainers.Malcolm Bell Wiseman was born on May 23, 1925, in Crimora, Va., in the foothills of the Shenandoah Mountains. His parents, Howard Bell Wiseman, a miller, and Myra Ruth (Humphreys) Wiseman, oversaw a musical household; Mac first performed in public as an adolescent.Afflicted with polio at a young age, he went on to win a scholarship from the National Foundation for Polio to study piano, music theory and radio broadcasting at a conservatory in Dayton, Va., in the northwest part of the state.In 1946, after a brief stint as a singer and disc jockey in nearby Harrisonburg, Va., the young Mr. Wiseman moved to Knoxville, Tenn., to work as a harmony vocalist and upright bass player for the country singer Molly O’Day. He appeared both on her popular radio show and on the recordings she made for Columbia that year.In 1947 he began performing on WCYB in Bristol, Va., where he met Lester Flatt. A friendship ensued, and Mr. Wiseman joined the first edition of Flatt & Scruggs’s Foggy Mountain Boys in 1948, with Flatt on guitar and Scruggs on banjo. After that apprenticeship and his subsequent time in Bill Monroe’s band, he formed his own group, the Country Boys, who headlined the Old Dominion Barn Dance in Richmond, Va., from 1953 to 1956. He reunited with Flatt to record three albums for RCA Records in the early 1970s.Mr. Wiseman recorded for Capitol, MGM and a number of other labels after leaving Dot in 1963, creating versions of songs as varied as the New Orleans rhythm-and-blues standard “I Hear You Knockin’ ” and Fleetwood Mac’s “Never Going Back Again.” He performed in venues of all stripes, from college campuses and bluegrass band shells to the Hollywood Bowl.Mr. Wiseman hosted an annual bluegrass festival in Renfro Valley, Ky., from 1970 to 1983. He received a National Heritage Fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts in 2008.Survivors include two sons, Scott and Randy; three daughters, Maxine Wiseman, Chris Haynes and Linda Parr; a brother, Kenny; a sister, Virginia Davis; three grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.Mr. Wiseman was a harbinger of a crossover sensibility in bluegrass, as later heard in the repertoires of artists like the Dillards and Alison Krauss. He recorded with everyone from the big-band leader Woody Herman to the folk iconoclast John Prine. Emotional resonance, rather than the constraints of a particular genre, was his guiding principle when selecting collaborators and material.“I liked all kinds of music,” Mr. Wiseman said in 2006, reflecting on his years growing up in the music-steeped Shenandoah Valley. “I liked Bing Crosby and Montana Slim, and the reason that I mention those two is that they both had network radio shows, two 15-minute programs in the morning, back to back out of New York, when I was 8, 9 years old — and it just struck me that I liked one as well as the other.”SAN FRANCISCO — Pinterest is preparing for its debut on Wall Street with a claim that few other “unicorn” start-ups can make: It is not a financial sinkhole.While the company is unprofitable, according to an offering prospectus made public on Friday, its losses are nowhere near as high as those of other well-known start-ups like Uber and Lyft, which are also getting ready to list their shares. That makes Pinterest — which lets people create digital “pin boards” — one of the rarer unicorns, a term applied to start-ups valued at more than $1 billion by private market investors.The deep losses afflicting many high-profile start-ups have cast investor doubts on the herd of companies that are stampeding toward the public market. Lyft recently revealed that it lost $911.3 million last year. Uber previously disclosed that it lost $842 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 alone. PagerDuty, a software start-up valued at $1.3 billion that also filed to go public this week, said in its prospectus that it was losing money. Only Zoom, a video conferencing company last valued at $1 billion, showed that it was making money, in an offering prospectus it filed on Friday.Pinterest’s filing reported that the company had lost $63 million in 2018. But that was much narrower than a year earlier, when it lost $138 million.At the same time, Pinterest is growing quickly. The company’s revenue, which came from advertising, totaled $756 million last year, up 60 percent from a year earlier. It listed a cash stockpile of $628 million.Pinterest also said in the filing that it had 265 million monthly active users in the fourth quarter of 2018, compared with 216 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. Its number of users has grown steadily over the last two years, particularly as people outside the United States have begun to gravitate to its service.In its prospectus, Pinterest called itself “a productivity tool for planning your dreams.” The San Francisco company emphasized the visual, image-driven nature of its product, as well as its ability to capture people’s intent to buy things related to their pins. It said its mission was to “bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love.”The document provides the first detailed look at Pinterest’s balance sheet. The company confidentially filed to go public in February, with Goldman Sachs, J. P. Morgan and Allen & Company underwriting the offering. It plans to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol PINS.The filing did not say how much money Pinterest hopes to raise in the offering and did not specify potential share prices. Private market investors, who have poured around $1.5 billion into the company, last valued it at $12 billion. Its largest shareholders include Bessemer Venture Partners, FirstMark Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, Fidelity Investments and Valiant Capital Management, according to the filing.In a move that has become common among tech firms, Pinterest plans to divide its stock into two classes, giving its founders, top executives, employees and directors 20 votes per share. New investors will get one vote per share.Because Pinterest makes money from online advertising, it is a competitor to Facebook, Instagram, Amazon, Google, Twitter and Snap. In its prospectus, Pinterest listed those companies as competitors, as well as Allrecipes, a recipe website; Houzz, a home-improvement website; and Tastemade, a cooking content company.Some rivals are not increasing their revenue as quickly as Pinterest, said Kathleen Smith, a principal at Renaissance Capital, a manager of exchange-traded funds for I.P.O.s.“Like Snap, Pinterest is in the cross hairs of Facebook, and Facebook has always fought a nasty battle against Snap by copying everything it did,” she said, adding that anyone evaluating Pinterest’s stock should consider that competitive threat.Pinterest was started in Silicon Valley by Ben Silbermann, the company’s chief executive; Evan Sharp; and Paul Sciarra. Mr. Silbermann, 36, previously worked at Google. Pinterest grew out of Cold Brew Labs, a tech incubator founded by the three men in 2008.Although many unicorns made rapid growth their top priority, Mr. Silbermann favored what he calls “quality growth.” That meant he tried to build Pinterest slowly and steadily, even as its growth started to soar in 2011. “Pinners,” as users are known, essentially used Pinterest to create collagelike mood boards that expressed their aspirations.Today, pinners pin activities such as what they wear or what they are making for dinner, as well as ideas for remodeling a home or their wedding, or passions like bookmarking and other craft projects.Mr. Silbermann also deliberately took several years before turning Pinterest into a moneymaking enterprise. In 2014, the company began selling ads. For a spell, its growth appeared to be slowing and it lost executives, until Mr. Silbermann brought in a new chief operating officer, Francoise Brougher, and a new head of sales, Jon Kaplan, both formerly of Google.Unlike many of its social media peers, Pinterest has mostly avoided the proliferation of conspiracy theory and extremist content on its platform, moving quickly to tamp down on such content when it has bubbled up. In February, Pinterest began removing search results for anything related to vaccines in an attempt to stop anti-vaccination memes from spreading across the site.In contrast to many hard-charging and brash tech chief executives, Mr. Silbermann has kept a low profile. He rarely sat for glossy magazine covers or showed up at tech industry conferences. At one point, Pinterest was called an “anti-unicorn” because of how it shied from the spotlight. The timing of the unveiling of its prospectus — late on a Friday afternoon — was also in keeping with Mr. Silbermann’s style.Despite Mr. Silbermann’s low profile, the I.P.O. is expected to generate lots of attention from investors and market observers. “Significant revenue growth and popularity among users is going to be a pretty good recipe for — at a minimum — creating significant buzz around an IPO,” said Barrett Daniels, a partner at Deloitte who focuses on I.P.O. advisory work.Mr. Silbermann also avoided another trapping of tech founders with the prospectus: He did not publish a founder’s letter on Friday to carry on about his company’s mission and history, something that had become de rigueur among other entrepreneurs.Before the catastrophic Camp Fire destroyed Paradise, Calif., the Pacific Gas and Electric Company was worth more than $25 billion. Now its C.E.O. has stepped down and the company, which provides natural gas and electricity to 16 million people in California, has filed for bankruptcy as it confronts billions of dollars in potential liability claims following recent wildfires. It is perhaps not the first bankruptcy in which the changing climate played a role, but it is almost certainly the largest. And no doubt, it won’t be the last.Of course, it’s not easy to attribute any particular event to climate change, and it will take time to sort out all of the causes of the Camp Fire last November, add up the damages and assess liability. Last week, in a small bit of good news for the company, the state concluded that PG&E was not responsible for the 2017 Tubbs Fire in Sonoma County that burned nearly 37,000 acres, destroyed more than 5,600 buildings and left 22 dead. But the company says it still faces “extensive litigation, significant potential liabilities and a deteriorating financial situation” following the “devastating and unprecedented wildfires of 2017 and 2018.”Many fires in recent years have been caused by downed power lines. And even though the company took wildfires seriously and had a broad plan to protect equipment and trim branches — pruning or removing as many as 1.4 million trees a year — it wasn’t enough. The fires pushed the company over the edge.One message of the bankruptcy is that climate change is already creating calamitous conditions. As PG&E put it recently, “California faces an ever-increasing threat from catastrophic wildfires, extreme weather and higher temperatures.” In a statement, the company noted that the state’s most recent climate assessment “found the average area burned statewide would increase 77 percent if greenhouse gas emissions continue to rise” and that “prolonged drought and higher temperatures will triple the frequency of wildfires.”This means that electric utilities, in particular, and other businesses more generally have to rethink how they prepare for dangerous fire conditions and other impacts of climate change. These impacts are only growing. The thousand-year flood is now a regular event. The future will also bring further sea level rise, stronger hurricanes, storm surges, droughts, heat waves and wildfires beyond historical precedent. PG&E has noted that more than half of the company’s vast service area of 70,000 square miles is now considered to be in “extreme or high fire-risk areas.” No doubt much of the considerable cost of girding against these conditions will fall on rate payers.So what should electric utilities threatened by the potential for wildfires do? It may require better protecting grid infrastructure and being more prepared to shut off power when wildfire risk is especially high. Homeowners and businesses must be prepared when the grid is turned off and will require backup sources of electricity for critical needs.But utilities aren’t alone in facing climate threats. For transportation companies, for example, it may require hardening infrastructure like port facilities or rail lines to protect them from floods or fires. Fossil fuel companies may be forced to deal with stranded assets like oil fields and coal seams that have been bought but won’t be developed as society moves away from coal and oil. For others, like insurance companies, it may provide business opportunities. And for many entrepreneurs it may lead to completely new products and services.Risk managers at these companies will need to consider scenarios that have never happened before. Investors will need to assess the climate risks embedded in their portfolios and must demand greater transparency from the managers of the companies that they own.However, for society at large, and the government in particular, the most important and urgent action required is to minimize future warming by creating appropriate global incentives to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from burning fossil fuels. Economists generally agree that rather than regulate behavior, it is more effective to allow individuals to choose their actions, as long as the prices appropriately reflect the costs, including the risks posed by climate change.To date prices of energy have not reflected the risk of future climate damages. This is a stupid mistake and has resulted in too much climate risk. Not pricing climate risk is a bug in the tax code. It can be easily and quickly fixed.Taxes are not popular in general, and with the president and most Republicans opposed to climate action, many political observers are pessimistic that a federal carbon tax can be passed anytime soon. But some ideas, such as the Baker-Shultz carbon dividend plan, which would return all carbon tax revenue to taxpayers, do have some bipartisan support.But time is not on our side. Even if we take immediate action now to appropriately price emissions, it will take decades to reach a net carbon neutral world, and in the meantime the planet will continue warming. So we’ll also need to harden infrastructure, change building codes, protect fragile ecosystems and make farming and lifestyle choices that are compatible with the climate changes that will be occurring around us. We will also need to confront the very unequal impacts on people in this country and around the planet.And while sadly these actions are all costs that will grow over time, the unfortunate reality is that the longer we wait to act, the greater the bill will be.Bob Litterman is a former head of risk management at Goldman Sachs and is on the board of the Climate Leadership Council, the sponsor of the Baker-Shultz carbon dividend plan.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.South Park, one of Seattle’s dwindling blue-collar pockets, is on the rise. Yet the scruffy, geographically isolated enclave has managed to transform itself without losing its soul to gentrification, causing outsiders — including other Seattleites — to take notice.Situated on the western shore of the Duwamish River in a hard-to-reach corner of the city, South Park has turned its relative remoteness and affordability into an advantage, attracting creative entrepreneurs who otherwise might not be able to set up shop in one of the nation’s fastest growing cities. (Rents are cheaper here.)A hip wine shop, a brewery and a handful of new restaurants and bars greet interlopers who cross the neighborhood’s main artery to mainland Seattle, the South Park Bridge.Home to several Boeing operations and a slew of fabricators and machine shops, the heavily industrial neighborhood was considered one of Seattle’s grittier areas for decades — when it was even considered at all. Things began to percolate a bit about a decade ago with the opening of Loretta’s Northwesterner, a tavern known for its burgers, but suffered a setback when the South Park Bridge was closed for a four-year repair.Now, though, with the bridge’s reopening in 2014, South Park has seen a revitalization that has not yet brought on full-bore gentrification. Industry remains prominent in the area, protected by zoning and geographic forces, including being hemmed in by the river and a phalanx of highways.“Perhaps the upside of being located farther afield is that a close-knit community’s been formed that’s flown relatively under the radar — and thus been less susceptible — to gentrifying forces,” said Cynthia Brothers, the founder of Vanishing Seattle, her one-woman organization that documents endangered small businesses and cultural institutions on Instagram and other mediums.Sharing that view is Coté Soerens, a Chilean immigrant, who in 2018 opened Resistencia Coffee with her husband, Tim, in the heart of the neighborhood where they live with their two young sons.“If everything is too polished and finished, it’s super boring,” Ms. Soerens said. South Park also appealed to Dan Slemko, who moved to the neighborhood in 1997. The 60-year-old former Boeing employee owns a waterfront home on the Duwamish River, which sounds sexier than it is. Seattle is a city known for its pristine waterways, but the Duwamish was so polluted that it was declared a Superfund site in 2001. It’s a working river in a working-class neighborhood. It’s slowly getting cleaner, as is South Park.Shortly after Mr. Slemko got his last box unpacked, he drove to the now-defunct County Line, a raucous saloon near the South Park Bridge, and promptly got his headlights smashed out.Many neighborhoods would perhaps enlist law enforcement to deal with such an establishment. But not South Park: According to Loretta’s owner Scott Horrell, a group of residents instead designated a night to drink together at The County Line — to meet the rabble rousers on their own turf rather than calling the authorities.Such is the welcoming spirit of South Park in a city that in recent years has been dynamically changed by population growth, with many newcomers reshaping Seattle.When the bridge closed in 2010, South Park became even more choked off from the rest of the city (there are alternative access points, but they’re few and mostly intricate), which had an effect that surprised and encouraged Mr. Horrell.“The bridge closure was terrifying, but it turned us into an island. It solidified us and our regulars. They were trapped,” said Mr. Horrell, a physically imposing former trucker who became South Park’s foremost beer and burger proprietor — as well as a resident.Since the bridge reopened in 2014 — and especially since new restaurants and watering holes opened near South Park’s main intersection of 14th Ave. S. and S. Cloverdale St.— Seattleites are increasingly seeking South Park out. And because of skyrocketing housing costs in Seattle, younger residents are increasingly buying homes in South Park, a genuinely diverse neighborhood with a lush community garden called Marra Farm.Campbell Scarborough and his wife, Katie Escudero, moved to Seattle from Los Angeles, and bought a modern home in South Park four years ago. South Park reminds Ms. Escudero of Los Angeles’s Echo Park neighborhood, while Mr. Scarborough considered it a “no-brainer” in 2017 to open Left Bank, South Park’s oldest wine shop — because it’s the only one — at the intersection of 14th and Cloverdale.The couple sells modestly priced European wines out of a space so small that “you can’t really come here and have an intimate conversation,” Mr. Scarborough explained. Patrons bring their own vinyl albums to spin on the shop’s stereo on Tuesdays, and the owners keep Rainier beer on tap just so Mr. Slemko, a cheap-beer aficionado known to locals as “River Dan,” feels right at home when he swings by each night.Mr. Slemko is well known for his parties. His Fourth of July bash — replete with fireworks and live music — reportedly rivals the region’s officially sanctioned celebrations.“I’ve been to enough of his parties to be immune to the noise. And if you don’t like it, it’ll be over in a few hours,” said Dave Wilkinson, who owns a house down the street from Mr. Slemko’s.Central to South Park’s transformation has been Mr. Horrell’s business partner, John Bennett, who has developed a knack for scooping up old buildings in hardscrabble neighborhoods like South Park and nearby Georgetown, and subsequently resisting the urge to replace them with shiny new condominiums.One of Mr. Bennett’s tenants at 14th and Cloverdale, Corina Luckenbach, operates a former ballroom and billiards parlor called South Park Hall, which is now a multiuse space that has everything from square-dance potlucks and Jazzercise classes to karaoke brunches.Ms. Luckenbach said Mr. Bennett’s ethos is to “rent to people who are struggling to pay the rent.”Risk-taking and an all-in mentality ensue. “Most of the people I know who open these places use every dime they have,” said Mr. Horrell, who counts himself among that flock.In June 2017, Ms. Soerens and her husband, Tim, nearly died in an automobile accident after getting struck by a drunken driver in Mexico while celebrating their 10th wedding anniversary. One year later, they opened their coffee shop, Resistencia, near the intersection of 14th and Cloverdale, and business has been brisk.The Soerenses live near the community garden, Marra Farm, and positioned a pair of hospital beds in their living room during their recovery from the crash. For three months, Ms. Soerens said neighbors brought meals, cared for the couple’s sons, walked their dog, and otherwise caught up with one another.It was immensely helpful, exhausting and exhilarating — and served to cement the couple’s commitment to their tight-knit community.52 PLACES AND MUCH, MUCH MORE Follow our 52 Places traveler, Sebastian Modak, on Instagram as he travels the world, and discover more Travel coverage by following us on Twitter and Facebook. And sign up for our Travel Dispatch newsletter: Each week you’ll receive tips on traveling smarter, stories on hot destinations and access to photos from all over the world.Every Monday, the chef Daniela Mass shows up at Beth Fisher’s Upper East Side apartment with grocery bags full of ingredients like spaghetti squash, salmon, sweet potatoes and Swiss chard. In the Fishers’ kitchen, she prepares three four-person meals for Ms. Fisher and her husband, along with snacks. The weekly cost for a visit by Eat Well Food by Daniela, Ms. Mass’s service, is $300.Ms. Fisher, 56, who is a marketing executive, also works with Laura Solin-Valdina, the owner of the wardrobe makeover company NYCStylist. For the past year, Ms. Solin-Valdina has organized and curated Ms. Fisher’s outfits at the rate of $350 per hour (with a 20-hour minimum).“She cleaned out my closet, updated my wardrobe and brought 10 department stores to my apartment,” Ms. Fisher said. “It was rack upon rack of clothing. It was transformative.”Ms. Fisher is trading time for money, and she is part of a growing number of people who invite human service providers into their homes to help them with time-consuming, errand-like tasks that require skill and focus. “I don’t want to spend my time shopping online or at the stores,” she said. “I would rather spend time connecting with family, staying fit, or reading. Having someone shop for you whether it’s clothing or food is very efficient and cost effective. And both do a better job than I could.”Many people in the city joke that what makes them real New Yorkers is that they never leave their apartments unless they have to. It’s getting easier to do just that, especially for those with money.Once the province of the ultra rich, employing an array of personal helpers has begun to filter into everyday life for many New Yorkers of means.Grocery and meal delivery services like FreshDirect, Amazon Fresh and Seamless have become all but normalized in much of the city. But bespoke house calls are a different beast altogether, delivering actual people to perform actual services. These can include massages, yoga classes, facials, hair treatments, manicures, blowouts, makeup sessions or even time with a professional cuddler.“At home they’re not fighting with the masses; my clients don’t want to wait to see a size or color, or interface with a sales person who is going to upsell them,” Ms. Solin-Valdina said. “When we do our fittings, we have a tailor on hand, and fit clients in their home, with their lighting, so they don’t see the harsh lighting of the store’s dressing room.”Marie Douat is a shirt designer who often makes house calls before or after typical office hours, between 7 and 9 a.m. or 6 and 10:30 p.m.“My customers work a lot. They want a different experience,” said Ms. Douat, who owns DOU.K, the company behind the custom shirts. Her clients are lawyers, financers and entrepreneurs who spend between $300 and $900 on a single shirt. Last year she had 50 customers. Within the first three months of this year, she has already surpassed that number.“They like that I’m just focusing on them and talking about their life, that there isn’t another customer,” Ms. Douat said. “Then they can go back to work once I leave.”To be sure, these services are still a luxury; they are not exactly mainstream. Many busy urbanites who have bigger budgets than windows of free time are rethinking how they want to use that time, said Dr. Pam Rutledge, director of the Media Psychology Research Center, in Newport Beach, Calif. “The only way to get more time is to be intentional about how we use it, which is what people are doing.”Privacy in the age of transparency is also a factor, said Ellis Monk, assistant professor of sociology at Harvard University. “There’s this idea in the age of social media that privacy has become a rare commodity,” he said. By purchasing at-home services, “they are buying privacy and exclusivity simultaneously.”They are also buying human contact. Carried Away Chefs charges $500 for a cook to prepare three four-person meals in a client’s home. But last year, the company added a stay-and-serve offering, where for a $200 surcharge chefs remain in the home to present the meals. The feature has proved popular; it has increased revenue by 20 percent, said Kate Homes, founder and chief executive of the company.In-home services “dovetail really well with New Yorkers who have to negotiate everything — subways, taxis, people. We all dream of having everything done for us,” said Don Grant, a media psychologist and addiction specialist.And although Dr. Grant may not make house calls, other mental health experts do (at a steep price, of course). House Call Psychiatrists is a network of board-certified and licensed psychiatrists in Manhattan who, for $1,500 an hour ($2,000 on evenings and weekends), will send one of their professionals to your home, office or hotel room. Its clientele is a mixture of high-risk patients and wealthy individuals who prefer to stay put in their homes.But convenience comes not with just a price tag but a social cost, too.“These can absolutely have a negative impact on our sense of connection with others,” Dr. Grant said of constant home visits and services. “There’s a loss of value of community. We are social animals,” he continued, who have become “disengaged and have lost the art of small talk.”Dr. Rutledge shared some concerns as well. “If you have tendencies to be a hermit, you can support all this by cutting back on the interactions that give you discomfort,” she explained, replacing many of them with house call or delivery services.But tell that to a busy, overextended New Yorker with Greta Garbo-esque sensibilities, especially when the results are positive. Ms. Fisher, for example, has a whole new wardrobe to show off the 20 pounds she’s lost, which she attributes to having hired her at-home team.“Having a stylist is like a having a shrink or doctor, but is a lot more fun,” Ms. Fisher said. “It’s a treat and an indulgence, but I’ve still accomplished something that adds value and another dimension to my life.”Meanwhile, in an old-fashioned but nonetheless dramatic turn of events on the Upper East Side, the members of the Bolster family have actually been eating the same meal — at the same time — since hiring the services of Carried Away Chefs.“Most nights we are four people ordering from four different restaurants,” said Brian Bolster, 47, a married father of two teenagers, who works in finance. “The joke used to be: You know it’s dinner time when you hear a knock at the back door.” For the past month, instead of myriad takeout orders, the family has used a personal chef, which has had a unifying effect on them.The togetherness is even happening with leftovers. “My daughter texted last week and said she and her brother just heated up the prepared food and ate it together. I don’t know the last time they did that. I’m still trying to picture what that looks like in my head.”DAVOS, Switzerland — Ever since President Xi Jinping of China unveiled the Belt and Road Initiative in 2013 to link the economies of Asia, Europe and Africa with highways, rail lines and power plants, Beijing has promoted the program as a centerpiece of its foreign policy.But China has turned down the volume on its plan, even though it still appears to be moving forward. Spending on the initiative also fell somewhat last year, as the broader Chinese economy slowed.Various senior Chinese government officials are at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, including Vice President Wang Qishan, who is to speak on Wednesday. None of them, though, participated in a panel during one of the forum’s most prominent time slots Tuesday that was focused on the Belt and Road Initiative and billed as a review of “China’s trillion-dollar vision.”Instead, the vice chairman of a government-linked trade association and the chairman of a state-owned business spoke cautiously about the initiative.Except for a long-scheduled meeting with African leaders in Beijing in September, top Chinese officials have said fairly little about the Belt and Road program since last summer. The initiative has been plagued by allegations of corruption, overspending on vanity projects, excessive debt and other problems in countries like Malaysia, Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Uganda.The panel on Tuesday seemed like an opportunity to recast the initiative’s image to a crowd stacked with government leaders and tycoons from developing countries, many of which have borrowed heavily from Chinese financial institutions to build infrastructure as part of the program.But China took a different tack. Xu Niansha, the chairman of the state-owned China Poly Group, apologized for not having many statistics about the program, a rare occurrence given that Chinese corporate or government officials often lard their speeches and discussions with numbers.Speaking in general terms, Mr. Xu said China’s rapid economic growth in recent decades had put it in a better position than many countries to foster economic development elsewhere. “We do know what people need,” he said. “That is why I think we can do a better job in cooperation.”The most recently available data from China’s commerce ministry shows that the value of newly signed contracts under the Belt and Road Initiative fell 20.4 percent in the first 11 months of last year compared with the same period in 2017. Almost all of these contracts are financed by state-owned Chinese financial institutions.(Frank Ning, the chairman of the Chinese chemical giant Sinochem, said during a different panel that there was a new awareness in China about worries outside the country over how its businesses make overseas investments. “I think the Chinese are quite confused, they thought they would be welcome in other countries,” he said.)The Belt and Road discussion was moderated by Tian Wei, a well-known anchor for the state-run China Global Television Network, making the absence of Chinese government officials, who typically shun panels with foreign moderators known to have criticized China, somewhat surprising.Ms. Tian repeatedly hinted at the resentment felt by some people in China about foreign criticisms of the Belt and Road program, which she said was helping to build roads in developing countries that need them. “Let’s talk about facts, let’s talk about case studies, and let’s talk about the real stories, not just hearsay,” she added.Wang Yongqing, the vice chairman of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, mentioned during the panel that China had helped build an industrial park in Ethiopia that makes leather products. But he and Mr. Xu avoided specifics about the hundreds of Belt and Road infrastructure projects already completed or underway. Critics say Chinese construction companies have moved so quickly partly because they bring in thousands of Chinese workers instead of training locals, and because they arrange special deals with local officials in developing countries that allow them to avoid paying tariffs on machinery that they ship in.Sitting in the audience was Xiao Yaqing, the government minister who oversees state-owned enterprises. Asked to speak by Ms. Tian, he suggested one possible reason for Chinese officials’ caution when he said the Belt and Road push was good for Chinese companies as well as for other countries.There have sometimes been criticisms on Chinese social media, quickly deleted by censors, that Beijing was spending money on overseas development that would be better spent at home, particularly when economic growth is slowing in the country.China has been rethinking two aspects of the initiative: how it decides on overseas spending, and how the initiative is presented to overseas audiences. In September, Mr. Xi promised a further $60 billion for projects in African countries, but he made a point of saying that China would not pay for what he called vanity projects.Nobody thinks Belt and Road is fading away. Mr. Wang, the trade association vice chairman, said China would invite entrepreneurs to events next fall that emphasized business opportunities through the initiative.Among business leaders from countries like India that have been skeptical of the initiative, there are continuing worries that it will keep moving ahead, and leave them behind.“Indian business leaders are concerned that China is building linkages around the world,” Gaurav Dalmia, the chairman of the Indian conglomerate Dalmia Group, said in an interview before the panel talk. “Indian companies may get left out on the resource side.”Abdelaziz Bouteflika, the president of Algeria, on Monday announced in a letter that he would not seek a fifth term as president and called off the presidential elections scheduled on April 18. He explained that a national conference on political and constitutional reform would be held and a new Constitution written and approved by referendum. The stunning development came after mass protests by Algerians since Feb. 22 opposing Mr. Bouteflika’s attempt at re-election. Mr. Bouteflika, who is 82, had a stroke in 2013 and hasn’t addressed his nation in six years. Algerians found his desire to hold on to power absurd and insulting.On Feb. 22 and March 1, I joined the protests in Algiers. I was surrounded by people from every socio-economic background: men and women, seniors in wheelchairs, fathers carrying children on their shoulders. Many carried signs with sharp, subtle and funny catchphrases. Many brought garbage bags to collect the water bottles protesters were carrying; others organized the cleaning of the streets after the demonstrations ended.As we passed by a hospital, the protesters stopped the chanting to avoid disturbing the patients. A little later, they went quiet as we passed a funeral. Each time the procession reached a police barricade, the protesters chanted, “silmiya, silmiya” (peaceful, peaceful) or “cha’b w chorta khawa khawa!” (the police and the people are brothers). I saw police officers bursting into tears and protesters hugging them. It was exhilarating to witness the awakening of the Algerian people.Algeria hasn’t seen such protests since the 1990s; their scale and their peaceful nature surprised many in Algeria and abroad. The protest movement is leaderless and started with ordinary citizens calling upon fellow citizens on social media, especially Facebook. Numerous groups of students, teachers, lawyers, jurists, judges, doctors, public employees and petroleum workers simply came together for the greater common good.Even veterans of Algeria’s war of independence, who have historically been loyal to the regime, joined the protest movement. And several important leaders and parliamentarians, who resigned from the ruling National Liberation Front, marched with the people. Algeria’s opposition parties, which are divided, marginalized or co-opted by the regime and have little credibility, joined the demonstrations but were largely ignored by the protesters.People celebrated joyously in Algiers and other cities after the news came that President Bouteflika would not seek another term in response to the protests, but Algerians are rightly cautious and see it as a first step.The absurdity of Mr. Bouteflika’s candidacy and the cacophony around it stems from the very nature of the state. Beyond the old man, there is a highly complex and opaque power structure composed of overlapping and intricate networks, varied and divergent interests, and fluid and shifting allegiances.The National Liberation Front, the principal nationalist movement, and its military wing, the National Liberation Army, led the war of independence against the French. After independence, the military wing became the country’s army — People’s National Army.The legitimacy derived from the armed struggle against the colonial power gave the army a cardinal position to control power in Algeria. The army identifies itself with the nation and finds it inconceivable to separate itself from the political apparatus. The military leaders see letting elected civilian politicians run the country as endangering the nation.The military rules even if it does not govern. It sits atop a pyramid of power composed by several strata of National Liberation Front apparatchiks, state officials and business tycoons connected by family or regional ties. Since Algeria’s independence in 1962, sadly, nepotism and corruption have remained the core tools of this model of governance.The regime went from being outright authoritarian to a hybrid mix starting in 1995 when it reinstated constitutional processes, but the rulers have maintained their control by tactically using political, economic and constitutional reforms. In 2012, as the Arab Spring shook the region, the government allowed new political parties to register, improved gender representation in the parliament and created a nominally independent electoral commission. The government also introduced greater subsidies, better salaries and easier credit for young people and entrepreneurs. These resources were controlled and selectively distributed.Elections have become routine since 1995, but they are marked by irregularities and are neither entirely fair nor free. A fraction of political participation was permitted after the end of the civil war in 2002. Several opposition groups — nationalists, democrats, independents and even Islamists — were allowed to be part of the political arena, but the state ensured the opposition was marginalized and divided through co-optation. Civil society organizations were also allowed some space for contestation, but the state used repression, co-optation and regulation to ensure they remained fragmented and too weak to challenge the government.The economy was partially liberalized since 1994, and more so under Mr. Bouteflika, but it has largely served the ruling elite and its clients, who were granted generous loans, privileges and custom-made monopolies in return for their loyalty and support.The capacity of the system to react quickly, distribute timely political and economic resources not only helped in boosting its legitimacy but also allowed it to impede mobilization and to defeat any oppositional force.In the past few weeks of protests, the regime struggled to respond. Its lack of responsiveness to the people gave birth to the contestation; its contempt led to a visceral antipathy toward the leadership and a profound crisis of legitimacy.The regime’s old tool of buying social peace by distributing generous handouts using the high oil revenues is no longer available because the country has been facing severe fiscal challenges since the fall in oil prices in 2014. Algeria’s foreign exchanges have shrunk considerably, dropping to $96 billion in 2019 from $194 billion in 2013. Economic growth fell to 2.3 percent in 2018 from 3.8 percent in 2014. Since Mr. Bouteflika is not seeking another term, the regime’s margin to maneuver has increased a bit, but the people seem to believe that the president’s renouncement is a way for his clan to gain time to install a successor close to them.Mr. Bouteflika is abstaining from seeking a fifth term but he is extending the fourth and managing the pseudo-transition that he referred to in his letter. His renouncement is half a victory for Algerians, but the political-military elite and the bureaucracy will continue controlling the state. When another presidential candidate emerges and appeases the demonstrators, he will remain a pure product of a system that has kept Algeria in a state of permanent transition.Dalia Ghanem, an Algerian political analyst, is a resident scholar at the Carnegie Middle East Center in Beirut.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.As Donald Trump was fighting with Congress over the shutdown and funding for a border wall, his administration implemented a new rule that could be a game-changer for health care. Starting this month, hospitals must publicly reveal the contents of their master price lists — called “chargemasters” — online. These are the prices that most patients never notice because their insurers negotiate them down or they appear buried as line items on hospital bills. What has long been shrouded in darkness is now being thrown into the light.For the moment, these lists won’t seem very useful to the average patient — and they have been criticized for that reason. They are often hundreds of pages long, filled with medical codes and abbreviations. Each document is an overwhelming compendium listing a rack rate for every little item a hospital dispenses and every service it performs: A blood test for anemia. The price of lying in the operating suite and recovery room (billed in 15-minute intervals). The scalpel. The drill bit. The bag of IV salt water. The Tylenol pill. No item is too small to be bar coded and charged.But don’t dismiss the lists as useless. Think of them as raw material to be mined for billing transparency and patient rights. For years, these prices have been a tightly guarded industrial secret. When advocates have tried to wrest them free, hospitals have argued that they are proprietary information. And, hospitals claim, these rates are irrelevant, since — after insurers whittle them down — no one actually pays them.Of course, the argument is false, and our wallets know it.First of all, hospitals routinely go after patients without insurance or whose insurer is not in their network. When Wanda Wickizer had a brain hemorrhage in 2013, a Virginia hospital billed her $286,000 after a 20 percent “uninsured” discount on a hospital bill of $357,000 — the list price, according to chargemaster charges. Medicare would have paid less than $100,000 for her treatment.Second, those list prices form the starting point for negotiations, allowing hospitals and insurers to take credit for beneficence, when there is none.I recently received an insurance statement for blood tests that were priced at $788.04; my insurer negotiated a “discount” of $725.35, for an agreed-upon price of $62.69 “to help save you money.” My insurer’s price was around 8 percent of the charge. Since my 10 percent co-payment amounted to $6.27, my insurer happily informed me, “you saved 99 percent.”Not!If a supposedly $1,000 TV is “on sale” for $80, it’s not really a discount. It’s an absurd list price.Just as airlines have been shown to exaggerate flight times so they can boast about on-time arrivals, hospitals set prices crazy high so they can tout their generous discounts (while insurers tout their negotiating prowess).Another rationale for those prices is just plain greed. Dr. Warren Browner, the chief executive of California Pacific Medicine, describes this as the “Saudi Sheikh problem”: “You don’t really want to change your charges if you have a Saudi sheikh come in with a suitcase full of cash who’s going to pay full charges,” he said.But in an era when American patients are expected to be good consumers and are paying more of their bills in the form of co-pays and deductibles, they have a right to the information on list prices. They have a right to make sure they are reasonable.Although making chargemaster pricing public will not, by itself, reform our high-priced medical system, it is an important first step. Maybe, just maybe, a hospital will think twice before charging a $6,000 “operating room fee” for a routine colonoscopy if its competitor down the street is listing its price at $1,000. Making this information public should bring list prices more in line with what is actually paid by an insurer, a far better measure of value.And while the lists are far from user-friendly, researchers and entrepreneurs can now create apps to make it easier for patients to match procedures to their codes and crunch the numbers. With access to list prices on your phone, you could reject the $300 sling in the emergency room and instead order one for one-tenth of the price on Amazon. You could see in advance the $399 rate your hospital charges for each allergen it applies in a skin test and avoid the $48,000 allergy test — with an $8,000 deductible. As a next step, regulators should insist that these prices be easily accessible on hospitals’ home pages — perhaps in the place of “PAY YOUR BILL NOW” — and translated into plain English. Seema Verma, the head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, has suggested that she may well do so.Patients can help, too: Check out your hospital’s price list. If it’s not detailed or complete enough, demand more. For discrete items, like an M.R.I. of the brain or a vitamin D blood test, take the trouble to scan the chargemaster for the item. Reject an overpriced procedure (even if your insurer is paying the bulk of the bill) and take your business elsewhere.Justice Louis Brandeis famously said, “Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants; electric light the most efficient policeman.” But, in this case, the reform will work only if people take the trouble to look — and to act — now that the lights are turned on.Elisabeth Rosenthal, a former New York Times correspondent, is the editor in chief of Kaiser Health News and the author of “An American Sickness: How Healthcare Became Big Business and How You Can Take It Back.”Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.With a blue marker, Isabella Williams traces an outline of her mother’s hand onto a sheet of construction paper. Their collaborative piece of art could not have been made as effortlessly just a few weeks earlier.Isabella moved in with her mother, Zalika Williams, at the end of November, as part of a trial discharge from the foster care system. Previously, the pair saw each other twice a week during supervised visits.“It’s been a journey,” said Ms. Williams, 29, of Isabella’s return. “It’s been so exciting.”After her birth in early 2016, Isabella was taken from Ms. Williams’s custody by hospital staff because of her mother’s substance abuse. Ms. Williams said she started drinking alcohol and smoking marijuana at 16.“I used to be happier,” Ms. Williams said of her early high school years. “After a while, I wasn’t doing the things that I really wanted to do, that I dreamed I would be doing.”After graduating, she attended Medgar Evers College in Brooklyn for a semester. A certification she received in high school allowed her to find work as a nursing assistant, but she quit after a few years.“I didn’t really think about my future,” Ms. Williams said. “I always thought I would go away to college or something. That was the idea, that things would fall into place, that things would come together. But as I continued into the abuse, it never happened that way.”No matter how much or how often she drank, she never did it alone, which masked the severity of her problem.“I was in with a few different crowds,” Ms. Williams said. “I would spread myself out. If I wasn’t feeling them, I would go to the next crew who would enable me.”Her self-destructive behavior accelerated, and she brushed off the concerns of family members, spending her rent money on partying.“When I would get the urge to go out and drink or use pot, nothing would stop me,” Ms. Williams said.In 2014, a doctor told her she had anxiety and schizophrenia. Ms. Williams met the news with denial, despite experiencing symptoms of each illness: extreme mood swings, panic attacks, even hearing voices. She said she believed alcohol had been the cause. Medication did not help, she believed, so she stopped taking it.But giving birth to and then losing custody of Isabella changed Ms. Williams’s outlook.“I wanted to have a life, I wanted my daughter to have a life,” she said. “I have dreams, I have ambition. It was beginning to dwindle. It was going away.”In late 2016, Ms. Williams admitted herself to Gracie Square Hospital, which offers care for patients with psychiatric disorders. After two months, the hospital connected her to Serendipity II of New York Therapeutic Communities, a residential program for women. Ms. Williams stayed for 22 months.New York Therapeutic Communities is a member agency of F.P.W.A., one of eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.At Serendipity, Ms. Williams participated in the Recovery Through Entrepreneurship program, which received a $20,000 grant in Neediest Funds last year. The yearlong program helps those in recovery use entrepreneurial skills to acquire skills in vocational readiness, networking and personal finance.Ms. Williams has been sober for two years, she said.“Just thinking about it makes me emotional, because I don’t ever want to be back there again,” she said. “I don’t want to make excuses to drink or to get high.”In the last couple of years, Ms. Williams returned to college and earned an associate degree in paralegal studies from the Mildred Elley educational organization. She is looking for work and hopes to continue pursuing her education in law. But right now, Ms. Williams has more immediate priorities.“Trying to bond with my daughter is the first thing on my list,” she said.As part of her recovery, she also attends Narcotics Anonymous meetings, and she herself uses the aftercare service at Serendipity. Ms. Williams said she has learned to confront her mental illness head on, diligently taking her medications.“If you don’t get it, it’ll get you,” she said, adding: “The more comfortable I feel about it, the better off I’ll be.”Ms. Williams is candid about her fears of relapsing. There are moments when the lifestyle calls to her, she said. She has tricks to staying the course, like never meeting people at a bar and always having a destination in mind when she leaves home.“You have to have somewhere to go. You have to have a life, a busy life to really do this sobriety thing,” she said.Now that Isabella is home with her in Cypress Hills, Brooklyn, Ms. Williams plans to spend time with her daughter, watching movies, drawing and singing together. “Ring Around the Rosie” is a particular hit. The bonding moments put Ms. Williams’s past in stark contrast.“It’s been a lot of bad days, mostly bad days, just trying to get through those days,” Ms. Williams said. “I saw how bad my life had gotten, and I don’t want to take myself down that road ever again.”Good morning.(Here’s the sign-up, if you don’t already get California Today by email.)My colleague Amy Chozick wrote a blockbuster piece about how the Kardashians have become some of the nation’s savviest C.E.O.s. It was particularly notable because she talked to, well, a lot of Kardashians and Jenners. Here Amy tells us about how the story came together:I have to admit — I had never seen an episode of “Keeping Up With the Kardashians” when Choire Sicha, The Times’s styles editor, asked if I wanted to dive into the topic ahead of the 16th season of the show.As a business reporter, I’ve covered media companies as they struggle to adapt to the digital era and retailers as they angle to survive in the Amazon era. It struck me that the Kardashians had cracked the code of monetizing influence in a way that traditional businesses could only hope to do. All this made me fascinated with looking at the women not as the face of a million pouty mirror selfies, but as entrepreneurs redefining what advertising looks like.I said yes to Choire’s assignment, like, obviously.[Read the full story about keeping up with the Kardashian cash flow.]I had anticipated that the Kardashians would have one of those difficult Hollywood publicists who rejects any interview requests that are not from Ryan Seacrest or the “Ellen” show. The five daughters and Kris Jenner had never done an interview like this before. Instead, I found their press operation was more like covering a business.I was shocked to learn a couple days after that initial call that all five daughters and Kris (plus Seacrest, who hatched the idea for the show) agreed to talk to me.Getting the green light was the easy part. Next came wrangling all of their schedules to fit my deadline, at the end of the week.I always like to be a fly on the wall for the story, but the KarJenners and their kids were on spring break so there were no product debuts or press tours for me to observe. But phone interviews gave me something maybe more valuable: a firsthand glimpse into the family’s insane schedules. I was on Kardashian Call for the next seven days. I would get texts — “Kylie can do now. She’s on way to airport” — and emails: “Can we push to tomorrow for Kendall? Prettiest of pleases!” As for Kris: “It will be around 10:15-10:45 depending on when she jumps in the car (smiley face emoji).”I caught Khloe at home right after a workout while her 11-month-old daughter, True, napped. I caught Kim, also at home, right when her husband, Kanye West, was taking their daughter, North, to school. Kourtney, a master at the Instagram reveal, couldn’t say anything about Poosh, the wellness website she was expected to introduce on April 2. After I pushed her a couple of times, she asked me (politely), “Did you have any other questions?”The flurry of phone interviews ranged from over an hour (Kim) to 15 minutes on the way to a Los Angeles airport (Kylie). A 12-person camera crew (already shooting the 17th season) waited for Kris Jenner to hang up with me and step out of the vehicle. I was literally trying to keep up with the Kardashians.[In a rush? Here are highlights from the story.]Other Stories We’re Following(We often link to sites that limit access for nonsubscribers. We appreciate your reading Times stories, but we’d also encourage you to support local news if you can.)• The college admissions bribery scandal highlighted a class divide on campuses around the country. It’s perhaps nowhere more visible than at U.S.C., where some students jet to Bali for spring break and others work overnight shifts to make money for books. [The New York Times] Did this story resonate with you? Do you remember noticing class or wealth differences on your campus? Email us about your experiences at CAtoday@nytimes.com.• Scores of people working at YouTube and Google, its parent company, have raised concerns about its spreading of false and toxic content. Each time, leaders seemed unwilling to engage in discussions about how to fix the problem. [Bloomberg]• Bad news, California residents: We’ve been in a serious earthquake drought for almost five years, and some scientists say it will eventually end — with destructive results. [The Los Angeles Times]Also in California• Pacific Gas & Electric revealed its new chief executive, Bill Johnson, who gained national attention in 2012 when he became chief of Duke Energy for less than a day before he was fired and given a severance worth an estimated $44 million. [The New York Times]• The trial of two men blamed for the deaths of 36 people in the Oakland Ghost Ship fire started this week. The judge barred the defense from using the words “scapegoat” and “cover-up” during opening statements. [East Bay Times]• Some parents — including the actresses Felicity Huffman and Lori Loughlin — who have been charged in connection with the college admissions scandal made their first appearances in a Boston federal court on Wednesday. [The New York Times]•  Mayor London Breed of San Francisco was shouted down at a meeting over a proposed homeless services center that inspired dueling crowdfunding campaigns for and against the project. [The San Francisco Chronicle]• I-980, which effectively splits West Oakland from Uptown, made it into this year’s “Freeways Without Futures,” a list published by the Congress for New Urbanism, which aims to highlight urban highways that divide communities, are falling apart or are otherwise obsolete. [CityLab]• Team Black Car or Team Silver Car? In case you missed this viral Twitter opus about two cars in an hourslong standoff over the same Koreatown parking spot, here’s the local news interview with its author. It was real — and it was spectacular. [ABC7]And Finally …As demand for truffles has grown — think of all the truffle fries, truffle grilled cheese, shaved truffle on tortellini you’ve seen on restaurant menus — and as Northern California produces more of its own luxury fungi, hunters in the region have tapped a new, furry work force to help harvest them.That’s right: According to The San Francisco Chronicle, there is a place in Placerville where a woman named Alana McGee trains dogs to sniff out truffles.While the dogs don’t have to be the Italian breed Lagotto Romagnolo, on the day that a reporter visited Truffle Dog Co., all of the soon-to-be professionally trained truffle hunters were.They’re an Italian breed known for finding wild and farmed truffles in Southern Europe.California Today goes live at 6:30 a.m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com. Were you forwarded this email? Sign up for California Today here.Jill Cowan grew up in Orange County, went to school at U.C. Berkeley and has reported all over the state, including the Bay Area, Bakersfield and Los Angeles — but she always wants to see more. Follow along here or on Twitter, @jillcowan.California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C. Berkeley.The board of Condé Nast announced a new chief executive Thursday, naming Roger J. Lynch to take charge of the century-old publisher of Vogue, Vanity Fair and The New Yorker as the company looks to stem its financial losses and transform itself into a creator for the digital age.Mr. Lynch is an outsider who comes from the worlds of technology, television and finance. Most recently he served as the head of Pandora, the streaming music service that SiriusXM acquired last year. Mr. Lynch and several other Pandora executives stepped down at the end of January.“Condé Nast has really culturally significant and iconic brands,” Mr. Lynch, 56, said in an interview. “That’s why I got interested. I’m really looking forward to it.”He will replace Robert A. Sauerberg Jr., who announced in November that he would step down once his successor had been found. Mr. Sauerberg, who ran the once-plush Condé Nast for less than four years, struggled to turn around the business, which was slow to adapt to digital platforms. The company’s sales declined, like those in the rest of the magazine industry.[Read more about Mr. Sauerberg’s tenure at Condé Nast and his departure.]Mr. Lynch, who is scheduled to start on April 22, will lead both Condé Nast and Condé Nast International. The sibling companies have historically been operated separately, but are being combined to save on costs and streamline much of the business.Before taking the new job, Mr. Lynch will move from San Francisco to New York, where he lived in the 1990s when he was a banker at Morgan Stanley. He will replace Mr. Sauerberg on the four-person Condé Nast board; members also include Jonathan and Steven O. Newhouse, whose family has run the company since 1959, and Thomas Summer, the chief financial officer of Advance Publications, Condé Nast’s Newhouse-owned parent company.Mr. Lynch has his work cut out for him. In 2017, Condé Nast lost more than $120 million, but it narrowed those losses last year after cutting costs through layoffs and increasing revenue from digital video. The company stopped putting out print editions of some of its magazines, including Glamour, and has been seeking buyers for Brides, Golf Digest and W.Steven O. Newhouse, a nephew of the company’s longtime chairman, S. I. Newhouse Jr., who died in 2017, helped lead the search for the new boss. He said the board had settled on Mr. Lynch after more than half a dozen meetings starting in December.“We felt really comfortable dealing with Roger,” Mr. Newhouse said in a brief interview. “His experience dealing with disruption and uncertainty — which in the media business is now the norm — and his entrepreneurial skills gave him a unique skill set.”Mr. Lynch, a veteran of TV and internet businesses, was well compensated at Pandora, receiving roughly $12.7 million in salary, stock awards and bonuses in 2017. After the Pandora sale was announced last year, he declined SiriusXM’s offer for him to stay on. It was around that time that Condé Nast reached out to him.The unorthodox choice came partly at the suggestion of David Remnick, the editor of The New Yorker, according to Mr. Newhouse. A few weeks after the board announced its search, Mr. Remnick sent Mr. Newhouse a list of six names that included Mr. Lynch.Mr. Remnick has become something of a talent scout at Condé Nast. He also recruited Radhika Jones in 2017 when Vanity Fair was on the search for a new editor following the departure of its longtime leader Graydon Carter.There was no aha moment in choosing Mr. Lynch, according to Jonathan Newhouse, a cousin of the company’s late patriarch who has directed its international operations since 1991 and was recently named the chairman of the board. “And that was good,” he said. “We didn’t want someone who was flashy. This was a rational process, and it took a lot of meetings.”He added, “My role now is to support Roger as he takes on this responsibility, which he’s so superbly qualified to carry out.”Mr. Lynch, a Virginia native who has bounced around the globe running businesses and start-ups, mostly in the tech industry, spent a large portion of his career at Dish, the satellite TV service. There, he ran the streaming service Sling, the first product to replicate a bundle of cable and network channels on a digital platform.His experience in television and streaming could help Condé Nast amplify its digital video business, which has become a major source of revenue for the publisher.“I definitely see that as part of the future,” Mr. Lynch said. “It’s very expensive to produce, but it’s also very lucrative.”The larger challenge, as he sees it, is to find ways for the company to tap into the areas where audiences have flocked.“It’s not fruitful to try to use logic to predict how consumers will behave,” he said. “It’s much more fruitful to see how they behave and adapt your business models to that.”That is likely to mean trying new ventures and exploiting some of the company’s more successful digital efforts. Aside from online video, Vogue China has become a moneymaker for the company, thanks to its robust presence on the Chinese mobile app WeChat, which can be thought of as a combination of Facebook, Twitter, Amazon and Google.Altogether, the company’s international business has become a bright spot, generating $50 million in profit for 2017, largely in Asia. The United States and European arms still incur losses.In addition to his turnaround effort at Pandora, Mr. Lynch helped take Mark Cuban’s internet company Broadcast.com public more than 20 years ago, during his days as a Morgan Stanley banker. The deal eventually made a billionaire out of Mr. Cuban, who is now known as the owner of the Dallas Mavericks basketball franchise and as a panelist on the reality show “Shark Tank.”“He reminds me of that all the time,” Mr. Lynch said. “Internet valuations were hard to understand or rationalize at the time. I think the first day the stock tripled.”Mr. Lynch also has a hobby: He plays lead guitar in a classic-rock cover band, the Merger. Other band members are also chief executives, he said, and the group has played charity events and once opened for Lady Antebellum.His past work as a deal maker may raise eyebrows at 1 World Trade Center, the United States headquarters of Condé Nast, but he said a sale of the business was not on the agenda.“I’m not going into this expecting that to happen,” Mr. Lynch said. “The family has owned it for decades, and I expect it to stay that way. That’s part of the appeal. I wouldn’t have taken this job otherwise.”Good morning.(If you don’t already get California Today by email,  the sign-up.)Listen to Nipsey Hussle talk about why he partnered with Fatburger on special uniforms for its Crenshaw store back in 2014, and you’ll start to get a sense of why the rapper was not only beloved as an artist, but also respected as an entrepreneur in the South Los Angeles community where he grew up.Sure, he’s backing a product, but only because he really loves it.“We had an idea to co-brand the Crenshaw collection for The Marathon Clothing with the Fatburger Logo, and it was just something organic and natural, ” he told MTV in a video at the time. “The Fatburger logo, it’s like the Hollywood sign or it’s like something: You come to L.A. and you think Los Angeles. We didn’t want to get in the way of that.”He gestured to his black T-shirt, the big yellow and red Fatburger logo tagged with, “Crenshaw,” in smaller blue script underneath.Nipsey Hussle, born Ermias Joseph Asghedom, was gunned down Sunday afternoon, in front of the Marathon Clothing store he co-owned near that Fatburger. His death prompted an outpouring of grief. On Tuesday, a suspect was arrested.[Read more about the latest in the case.]Marqueece Harris-Dawson, a Los Angeles city councilman who worked with Nipsey Hussle on the Destination Crenshaw project, told me he first met him in 2013, at a rally against gun violence.“It was 8 in the morning at Crenshaw High School,” Mr. Harris-Dawson said. “And here was this guy who I knew had a show the night before. He was there with his daughter.”Mr. Harris-Dawson said that tireless work ethic would be his legacy.“Energy never dies,” he said. “We might’ve lost the body, we might’ve lost the person, but we don’t lose the energy.”The Fatburger chain was founded by Lovie Yancey in South L.A. in 1952, and has been referenced by rappers over the years — most famously in Ice Cube’s love letter to a perfect 24 hours, “It Was a Good Day.”Mark Webster, who is now the Fatburger food truck franchisee, said he first approached Nipsey Hussle’s brother about working together when he realized the Crenshaw outpost and Marathon Clothing were going to be neighbors. “I thought there’s an opportunity here,” Mr. Webster said. “And I think there was a snowball effect thereafter.”[Read about how the neighborhood mourned Nipsey Hussle.]Karen Civil, the chief marketing officer of the Marathon Agency, was part of Nipsey Hussle’s team at the time. She told me, her voice breaking, that the partnership exemplified the way he hoped to attract business to an area that might be dismissed as unsafe for an afternoon out.“Nipsey’s goal was to make that strip mall feel like you were on Fairfax,” she said. “He wanted people to understand the importance of this urban environment and not feel like, ‘I have to shop somewhere else.’”He threw his full weight behind the branding, although the end result was subtle.“He wanted to keep the elements of what Fatburger was, but added the small element,” Ms. Civil said. “So people still identified it, like, ‘Oh, snap, you got the Crenshaw on there.’”It made the Fatburger and — by extension, Crenshaw — feel like a destination.At the grand opening in May 2014, a line wound around the block, Mr. Webster said. Nipsey Hussle kissed babies and took selfies.“This wasn’t a generic marketing play,” he said. “It was something that was very authentic and hit home.”Mr. Webster said the Fatburger truck will always have Nipsey Hussle’s burger — with Swiss cheese, relish, fresh onions and mustard — on the menu.He calls it the Hussleburger.[Russell Westbrook dedicated his “20-20-20” triple-double to Nipsey Hussle.]Here’s what else we’re following(We often link to sites that limit access for nonsubscribers. We appreciate your reading Times stories, but we’d also encourage you to support local news if you can.)• President Trump has called for closing the border. That, experts say, would paralyze the economy, causing food shortages and skyrocketing prices for goods — and not just avocados. [The New York Times]• Senator Kamala Harris’s campaign raised $12 million in the first couple months of her run for president. That’s expected to send her into the top tier of candidates, financially speaking. [The New York Times]• Sacramento teachers announced that they’ll strike on April 11. The walkout will affect 40,000 students in the Sacramento City Unified School District and comes after educators around the state have protested what they describe as disinvestment in public schools. [The Sacramento Bee]• California women as a group make 89 percent of what men make. Jennifer Siebel Newsom, the state’s first partner, hopes to change that. [The San Francisco Chronicle]• A contractor working on a condo tower in New York’s financial district has sued its developer, claiming that the 58-story building, like the Millennium Tower in San Francisco, is leaning. [Commercial Observer]• The reconstructed Oroville Dam spillway was used on Tuesday for the first time in more than two years. [Chico Enterprise-Record]• Tax collections from Mammoth Lakes’s tourist economy have exceeded $3 million this year, a local record spurred by lots and lots of snow. [KQED]• Cesar Chavez Day was this week. Here’s a look at the labor leader’s complex legacy. [NBC News]Palate cleansers• The Bay Area has no shortage of great views. Here’s a neat interactive to help you find out which vistas are the best — and contribute your own. [The San Francisco Chronicle]• Soon after The Times’s film critic Manohla Dargis met Agnès Varda, she drove her to the Hollywood police station. That was a decade ago, and now Ms. Dargis wrote, it feels impossible that the iconic feminist auteur is dead. [The New York Times]• Wild Rivers, the sprawling water park that played host to so many middle school dates and wedgies, is eyeing a return to Irvine, this time at the Great Park. It closed in 2011 after a 25-year run. [The Orange County Register]California Today goes live at 6:30 a.m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com. Were you forwarded this email? Sign up for California Today here.Jill Cowan grew up in Orange County, went to school at U.C. Berkeley and has reported all over the state, including the Bay Area, Bakersfield and Los Angeles — but she always wants to see more. Follow along here or on Twitter, @jillcowan.California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C. Berkeley.Good morning.(Here’s the sign-up, if you don’t already get it by email.)It’s a grim conundrum plaguing communities throughout the state: Everyone agrees that homelessness is a problem and that shelters and service centers would help get people off the streets. But other residents say they don’t want such facilities to be built anywhere near them.A version of this problem has sprung up in San Francisco — and, because it’s San Francisco, it’s been heightened by the influence of tech money. My colleague Mike Isaac, who covers tech, wrote about the fight:It began as a disagreement between homeowners and the city.By late last week, that disagreement swelled into a full-fledged battle between groups of San Francisco residents over what to do with a center intended to provide shelter and resources for the homeless.The debate is centered around a plan by Mayor London Breed, who has proposed the city should erect a Navigation Center for the homeless on a stretch of vacant land near the city shoreline.The center, which would offer roughly 225 beds and other resources to the homeless, would be situated at Seawall Lot 330, a 2.3 acre parcel currently being used as a parking lot, sitting off the Embarcadero near the Bay Bridge.But a group of homeowners in nearby luxury apartments aren’t having it. Residents in the Rincon Hill and SOMA areas have banded together to oppose the Navigation Center, claiming that it would turn the area into a “dirty, dangerous” neighborhood. Members of the group have flooded into community hearings and meetings to voice concerns.To further the cause, the group started an online crowdfunding page under the name “Safe Embarcadero for All.” The group’s GoFundMe campaign has raised more than $80,000 to hire a lawyer to push back against the city.As news of the GoFundMe hit the internet in a San Francisco Chronicle article last week, other San Francisco residents took umbrage with the group’s goal. William Fitzgerald, a local community activist and supporter of building resource centers for San Francisco’s upward of 7,000 homeless citizens, decided to build his own GoFundMe. Mr. Fitzgerald’s competing campaign, “A Safer Embarcadero for All,” intended to raise funds to support the building of the Navigation Center in the area.Mr. Fitzgerald’s GoFundMe page went up on Thursday. By Friday, the group had raised tens of thousands of dollars, and was steadily gaining more supporters as word of the effort spread virally.Marc Benioff, the tech billionaire and founder of Salesforce, donated $10,000 to Mr. Fitzgerald’s campaign. The co-founders of Twilio matched Mr. Benioff with thousands of their own. Hours later, Jack Dorsey, co-founder of Twitter, donated $25,000 of his own money to the project.The issue is far from settled, as both groups continue to jockey for support both for and against the project. But at least one of them has pulled ahead: By Monday afternoon, the “Safer” campaign had managed to raise $145,000, outraising the opposing campaign by $60,000 in roughly a third of time.Here’s what else we’re following(We often link to sites that limit access for nonsubscribers. We appreciate your reading Times stories, but we’d also encourage you to support local news if you can.)• “His music, he speaks real facts. He talks about how he grew up. He wanted people to see what he went through, to show people they could change. He was a role model.” Fans showed up at Nipsey Hussle’s Marathon Clothing store in South Los Angeles to join an outpouring of grief over the death of the rapper and entrepreneur. [The New York Times]• Later in the day, at least 10 people were injured in a stampede at a vigil for the rapper. It was unclear what caused people to run. [The New York Times]• Newly released body-camera footage shows Vallejo police officers firing into the car where Willie McCoy appeared to have fallen asleep in a Taco Bell drive-through about 10 seconds after he first stirred. A lawyer for the 20-year-old’s family said they’re planning to sue. “Based on the videos, it looks like the officers violated basic safety principles and made no real efforts to preserve human life,” she said. [The New York Times]• And if you missed it, a legislative fight is looming about whether to make it easier to criminally prosecute officers who use deadly force. [The New York Times]• “The ball is rolling.” Paradise issued its first building permit since last year’s deadly Camp Fire nearly wiped the community off the map. [Merced Sun-Star]• Pacific Gas & Electric is trying to rebuild its leadership structure. But it’s been a bumpy road. [The San Francisco Chronicle]• Mark Zuckerberg, in a post on Saturday, called on Congress to regulate Facebook. Here’s why. [The New York Times]• At last, it’s almost worth it for Angelenos to check out the burgeoning food scene in a cramped, dank city on the East Coast once known primarily for the Statue of Liberty and the Mafia, a columnist writes. [The Los Angeles Times]Have some time? Read these• How sovereign citizens in Southern California helped swindle $1 billion from a government they disavow. [The New York Times]• Why special psychiatric emergency rooms, pioneered in Alameda County, may be better for patients in the grips of a psychiatric episode — and more cost-effective. [Kaiser Health News]• What happens when you try to ride an e-scooter as far as its battery will take you? There’s no force field stopping you. [Gizmodo]And Finally ...Although Stanford’s nickname is “the farm,” Silicon Valley isn’t exactly known as an agricultural wonderland — at least, not anymore.But that’s where one man, C. Todd Kennedy, has quietly taken on a kind of fruit rescue mission, according to Atlas Obscura.He’s the co-founder of Arboreum Company, which sells rare and vintage fruit trees, according to an Atlas Obscura piece. Its website lists dozens of varieties of stone fruits, including 18 kinds of Asian plums with evocative names like “Broken Heart” (sold out) and “Flavor Queen.”As one of the state’s “premier fruit experts, collectors and growers,” the piece says, Mr. Kennedy has also donated genetic material from hundreds of varieties to natural repositories — which, experts said, has helped keep those fruits from disappearing forever.California Today goes live at 6:30 a.m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com. Were you forwarded this email? Sign up for California Today here.Jill Cowan grew up in Orange County, went to school at U.C. Berkeley and has reported all over the state, including the Bay Area, Bakersfield and Los Angeles — but she always wants to see more. Follow along here or on Twitter, @jillcowan.California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C. Berkeley.