As politicians across the country demand a change in Virginia’s embattled leadership, business leaders are largely sticking to the sidelines.Leading Virginia business groups have stopped short of calling for the resignation of the state’s top three elected officials, all embroiled in personal scandals. Most corporate executives have avoided weighing in at all.And there is no sign that the furor is scaring off investment: Amazon is reportedly wavering in its commitment to open a complex for thousands of workers in New York, where the internet giant has faced opposition, but it has sent no signals about backing out of expansion plans in Northern Virginia.“I’d be very surprised to see business leaders and C.E.O.s weigh in on impeachment proceedings or calls to resign,” said Aaron Chatterji, a Duke University professor who has studied executives’ political interventions. “It’s more seen as an internal Virginia decision.”That reaction stands in contrast to what happened when North Carolina passed a law in 2016 that was widely criticized as discriminating against transgender people. In that case, companies including PayPal and CoStar, a real estate research firm, canceled planned projects in the state, the National Collegiate Athletic Association refused to hold events there, and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and other groups organized economic boycotts.Business and consumer groups deployed similar tactics in recent years to fight a “religious freedom” law in Indiana that critics said could be used to discriminate against gay couples and an Arizona law that cracked down on unauthorized immigrants. Such organizations also successfully pushed South Carolina to remove the Confederate flag from the grounds of its statehouse.Those cases, however, involved state laws or policies that affected companies’ customers and employees. Virginia’s struggle involves individual behavior — albeit the behavior of three top elected officials. Gov. Ralph Northam has admitted darkening his face with shoe polish to impersonate Michael Jackson in the 1980s. Attorney General Mark Herring said he, too, had worn blackface as a college student. And Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax has been accused by two women of sexual assault, charges he denies.Derrick Johnson, president of the N.A.A.C.P., said there was a “huge distinction” between the issues in Virginia and those in other states. He has called on Mr. Northam to resign, but the organization hasn’t urged members to avoid the state or to punish businesses based there.“Individual acts, the response to that should be individual accountability,” he said. “State actions, the response there is in fact state accountability.”Mr. Johnson wouldn’t rule out a boycott in the future if Mr. Northam stayed in office. If such a boycott developed, or if businesses in the state began to struggle financially, it could increase pressure on Mr. Northam and Mr. Fairfax to resign, and on legislators to remove them. A 2017 study found that local politicians were more likely to support removing Confederate flags from public spaces when the issue was framed as an economic concern.Analysts said there was little reason to expect the political disarray to derail a strong state economy. Virginia came through the recession better than most states, in part because it benefited more than other places from federal stimulus spending during the downturn, and now boasts one of the lowest unemployment rates in the nation, at 2.8 percent in December. In some Washington suburbs in the northern part of the state, the unemployment rate is below 2 percent.The state has a triple-A bond rating, a history of fiscal responsibility and a longstanding reputation for business friendliness.“They’ve done a very good job of managing their fiscal affairs, and that’s been true across both Democratic and Republican governments for a while now,” said Eric Kim, who analyzes the state’s finances for Fitch, the bond ratings agency.Mr. Kim noted that past controversies involving governors had not affected state economies or bond ratings. Missouri, for example, didn’t suffer economically when Eric Greitens faced a series of sex and campaign-finance scandals that led to his resignation. Even the uproar over the North Carolina “bathroom bill,” though it cost business, had only a modest economic impact on the state.“State governments, even if there’s a controversy or turnover at the highest level, the machinery of state government continues to function,” Mr. Kim said. “Tax revenue continues to come in, and states continue to operate.”Sure enough, Mr. Northam last week signed a bill promising tax incentives to Amazon for its planned campus in the state. He did so in private, without the public ceremony and photo opportunity that often accompany such actions. But it was nonetheless a sign that the leadership crisis hasn’t derailed the basic operations of state government.Tom Stringer, head of site selection for the consulting firm BDO, said that he wasn’t surprised to see the Amazon deal still moving forward, and that the turmoil was unlikely to cause companies to avoid the state. Virginia, he noted, limits governors to a single four-year term, meaning businesses are used to turnover in the executive branch. Investment decisions are based on a longer time frame, he said.“I don’t think this will really have an effect,” Mr. Stringer said. “From a business development standpoint, this really seems like an anomaly.”Still, the episode could have longer-run implications. Virginia in recent years has worked to move past its history as the capital of the Confederacy and to promote its young, educated and diverse work force. The deadly white nationalist rally in Charlottesville in 2017 was an unwelcome reminder of the state’s history. The recent controversy is a further setback, said Ravi Perry, chairman of the political science department at Virginia Commonwealth University.“All of this drama distracts from the multiple other kinds of success that we can point to,” Mr. Perry said. “There’s always an economic effect when states have negative political news that is longstanding.”Gregory B. Fairchild, a professor at the University of Virginia’s business school, said both the violence in Charlottesville and the current upheaval could give some young people pause about moving to the state. In theory, that could affect companies’ decisions as well, particularly at a time when employers are struggling to find talented workers. But he doubted that the scandals would have a measurable effect on Virginia’s economy.“If someone were really thinking about moving to the state of Virginia, I’m not sure that this is the thing that causes them not to move,” Mr. Fairchild said.WASHINGTON — The government shutdown and a late-year slump in the stock market have eroded Americans’ optimism for the economy and support for President Trump’s economic policies, new surveys show.The decline in confidence is widespread — among Democrats and Republicans, high and low earners — and it suggests mounting danger for Mr. Trump and the economic expansion that he claims as a strong point of his presidency. Sustained drops in confidence often signal dampened consumer spending in the months ahead, and can be the precursor to broader economic downturns.On Friday, the University of Michigan’s consumer sentiment index fell to the lowest point of the Trump presidency, well below forecasters’ expectations. Analysts attributed the drop largely to the partial government shutdown, which has entered its fifth week.Economic confidence also fell, across nearly all demographic groups, in a poll conducted this month for The New York Times by the online research firm SurveyMonkey.“If you have that many people in the economy that are not getting paychecks, are not able to pay their rent, pay their mortgages, there’s going to be a broad macroeconomic impact,” said Kevin Stay, a 27-year-old survey respondent in Pittsburgh. “That’ll affect everything. It’ll ripple through the economy.”Business groups on Friday called on the president and Congress to reopen the government immediately.“The current shutdown — now the longest in American history — is causing significant and in some cases lasting damage to families, businesses and the economy as a whole,” the groups wrote in a letter posted on the website of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.The SurveyMonkey poll found that Americans remained relatively upbeat about their personal finances, particularly Democrats and independents, whose assessment of their family’s economic situation has brightened since the November elections. But a wide swath of respondents reported increasing worries about the economy over all.Nearly a third of respondents to the poll said the United States economy was worse off than it was a year earlier. That’s up from fewer than a quarter of respondents in January 2018. And respondents were nearly as likely to say the next five years will bring “periods of widespread unemployment or depression” as “continuous good times economically.” As recently as November, optimists outnumbered pessimists on that question by more than 10 percentage points.The Michigan survey found something similar: Respondents were still fairly positive about the current economy but were far more negative about the future.Mr. Stay works for a technology company and hasn’t suffered personally from the standoff between Mr. Trump and Democrats in Congress. But he said the shutdown had nonetheless made him more cautious. He recently moved home from Colorado and is living with family; he had intended to get his own apartment, but he has delayed those plans partly because of the uncertainty surrounding the shutdown.“You’re not going to go out and make a major purchase if you’re worried the economy’s about to take a major downturn,” Mr. Stay said. “I work in sales. My income is pretty directly tied to how the whole economy is doing.”By most conventional measures, the economy is still doing well. The unemployment rate is near a five-decade low, wage growth is accelerating, and overall economic growth in 2018 was on track to be the strongest since before the 2008-9 recession.But cracks had begun to show even before the shutdown idled hundreds of thousands of federal workers shortly before Christmas. The stock market dropped precipitously late in the year as investors became concerned about the effects of a trade war with China, among other factors, and the housing market has slowed. Many economists had already expected growth to slow in 2019 as the effects of the tax cuts that took effect last year begin to wane.Those fears seemed to have little effect on consumers, whose spending powered a strong holiday shopping season and fueled economic growth for much of last year. Any hints that consumers are growing jittery are worrisome, said Stephen Stanley, chief economist for Amherst Pierpont Securities.“The consumer’s really the star of the show right now, and if you were to see any signs of a break there, it would be significant,” Mr. Stanley said.Downturns in consumer sentiment don’t always translate into cutbacks in actual spending. And past shutdowns haven’t done lasting damage to either confidence or spending. Jim O’Sullivan, the chief United States economist for High Frequency Economics, wrote in a research note that the Michigan index also fell in 2013, then bounced back quickly when the government reopened. But he cautioned that the current shutdown had already outlasted any previous one.Adding to the challenge for forecasters, the shutdown has stopped the release of much government economic data. The Commerce Department, for example, was scheduled to release retail sales figures for December e this week; that report has been put off indefinitely.“Disentangling what is temporary effects and what is the underlying trend becomes that much more difficult,” said Brett Ryan, an economist with Deutsche Bank in New York. “It just adds more uncertainty during a period when the market’s already skittish.”In the absence of much hard evidence, economists have been left guessing about the shutdown’s impact. White House economists this week doubled their estimate of the damage being inflicted. The Council of Economic Advisers said the shutdown would reduce quarterly economic growth by 0.13 percentage points for every week that it lasted as federal contractors lost out on work and government employees went without pay.Some analysts see even bigger potential effects: Deutsche Bank estimated on Thursday that in the worst case, the economy could contract in the first quarter because of an extended shutdown.Portions of the surveys offered a pointed political warning to Mr. Trump. In the span of a year of SurveyMonkey polling, the president has lost much of the approval he enjoyed with Americans on economic policy. Nearly as many respondents now say his policies are making the economy worse as say they are making the economy better. A year ago, Mr. Trump held a seven-percentage-point advantage on that question.As a retiree in Arizona, Pat Cafferata hasn’t felt the effects of the shutdown firsthand. And although she watches the markets with interest, she said she wasn’t too worried that an economic slowdown would force her to make a major change to her way of life.But she is worried about the people who are missing paychecks, and about the larger effects of a prolonged shutdown. She pointed to reports that past shutdowns ended up costing taxpayers more than keeping the government open.“That is such a waste of money in an era when we don’t have enough money to waste on things like that,” she said.A former advertising executive, Ms. Cafferata, 74, viewed the shutdown through a business lens.“Any government shutdown is a reflection of poor management,” she said. “You don’t run a business this way, and to run a country this way is just terrible.”WASHINGTON — President Trump is getting exactly what he wants on the economy, but it may not last.The Federal Reserve has abruptly stopped its march toward higher interest rates, as Mr. Trump demanded. The tax cuts he signed in late 2017 are in full swing. His attempt to rewrite the global rules of trade are underway, and he proclaims himself happy with the array of new tariffs he has imposed. His recent comments suggest he is unconcerned about slowdowns in China and Europe, which he considers economic rivals.But while Mr. Trump points with pride to last year’s economic growth and promises even faster growth to come, there are signs that his most dependable talking point is eroding. On Thursday, the Commerce Department issued a downward revision of its estimates for economic growth in the fourth quarter, pushing one measure of the full year’s growth down as well.Forecasters outside the White House, including officials at the Fed, expect growth to slow even more this year. Economic data suggests that slowdown is already underway in the first quarter. Manufacturing is losing some of its steam from last year’s rapid growth, and job creation is also moderating. Chief executives of some of the nation’s biggest companies see investment, hiring and sales growth all slowing this year. Three-quarters of business economists say they are more worried about growth undershooting their forecasts than overshooting it, and half have revised those forecasts downward for this year.White House officials see growth staying above 3 percent for the next few years — and potentially for an entire decade, provided Mr. Trump can continue carrying out his economic agenda, including another round of tax cuts, a $1 trillion infrastructure plan and additional deregulation.“The economy is roaring,” Mr. Trump said on Thursday night at a rally in Grand Rapids, Mich. “Our country has never done better economically.”Mr. Trump’s re-election could hinge on whether he is right about the economy, and nearly every other forecaster is wrong. If Mr. Trump is correct and growth surges again, he will enter 2020 with arguably the strongest economic record of any incumbent president facing re-election since Bill Clinton in 1996. But if he is wrong and the economy cools, Mr. Trump will have no one to credibly blame — and few places to turn for another jolt of stimulus if the United States slides into an economic contraction or recession.The Democrats who control the House have no desire to pass another round of tax cuts. The Fed, which has slowly raised rates to a range of 2.25 to 2.5 percent, has relatively few tools available to help lift the economy from a sharp downturn. Some Fed officials have begun to warn that they might need to cut interest rates later this year — further reducing the Fed’s ammunition to fight a recession — if growth disappoints.“At the moment, the risks from the downside scenarios loom larger than those from the upside ones,” Charles Evans, the president of the Chicago Fed, said Monday in Hong Kong. “If activity softens more than expected or if inflation and inflation expectations run too low, then policy may have to be left on hold — or perhaps even loosened.”Last week Mr. Trump again raised his bet on his ability to fuel a continuing boom in growth. He said he would nominate Stephen Moore, an architect of his campaign economic platform and a fellow critic of the Fed’s recent interest rate increases, to a seat on the Fed’s board of governors. If confirmed, Mr. Moore would become the first unabashed Trump loyalist on the board, and he would press officials to reduce rates in hopes of pushing annual growth to 4 percent.On Thursday, the Commerce Department said the economy slowed more sharply at the end of last year than previously reported, revising its estimate of fourth-quarter growth to 2.2 percent from 2.6 percent because of weaker spending by consumers and state and local governments, among other factors.Growth for the full year — as measured from the fourth quarter of 2017 to the fourth quarter of 2018 — stands at 3.0 percent, down a bit from the initially reported 3.1 percent but still enough to allow Mr. Trump to claim to have achieved the first year of 3 percent growth since 2005. (That claim is somewhat misleading. Year-over-year growth has topped 3 percent several times in recent years, but not in the fourth quarter. An alternative measure of full-year growth for 2018, based on comparing calendar-year averages, was unrevised at 2.9 percent.)While Mr. Trump continues to predict robust growth, he is already trying to pin blame for any slowdown on the Fed, rather than any of his own policies.“We’re doing a good job,” he said in an interview last week on Fox Business Network. “And I think we have tremendous momentum right now. And you’re right, the world is slowing, but we’re not slowing.”He added that, “if we didn’t have somebody that would raise interest rates and do quantitative tightening,” we would have been at over 4 percent growth.Fifty-six percent of Americans approve of Mr. Trump’s handling of the economy, Gallup reports, the highest mark of his term and the best for a president since Barack Obama registered the same rating in March 2009. Surveys of consumer confidence remain strong, including a confidence index conducted for The New York Times by the online research firm SurveyMonkey, which has gained strength since Mr. Trump took office.Unemployment has dipped to 3.8 percent. Inflation remains subdued, and wage growth is accelerating.White House economists say the tax cuts Mr. Trump signed in 2017, for businesses and individuals, deserve much of the credit for the economy’s performance — and that they will deliver another strong year of investment and hiring in 2019.“Some folks have said that, ‘Oh, sure, we did have 3 percent growth, but that was a sugar high,’” Kevin Hassett, the chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers, said last week.“And our view is that it’s really not a sugar high at all,” he continued. “A sugar high would be: We spent a lot of money on Twinkies and now we are sorry we ate all those Twinkies, and we don’t have money left. But this is — we actually cut taxes to encourage people to build new factories. And we had new factories last year. We’re going to get more new factories this year, but we’re also going to get the output from the factories we built last year as they turn them on.”Outside economists are more pessimistic, citing drags on growth from Mr. Trump’s trade policies, slowdowns abroad and a fading consumer spending boost from the tax cuts. Fed officials said this week that their median prediction is now for 2.1 percent growth for the year. Their projections also foresee no interest rate increases in 2019 — down from a forecast of two in December and in line with Mr. Trump’s desire to halt rate increases — and officials announced they would end the reduction of their asset purchase program sooner than markets had expected.“I don’t believe there’s a lot of room for criticism if you believe the Fed should be easy this year — they are,” said Ellen Zentner, chief United States economist at Morgan Stanley. “The Fed has completely removed themselves from the equation, both in their rates path and their balance sheet.”Ms. Zentner forecasts 1.7 percent growth this year, largely as a result of slowing investment growth. That would mark a return to the Obama-era growth levels that Mr. Trump has said are now over.Mr. Trump could possibly influence the growth path on his own this year, positively or negatively. He could reach a trade agreement with China, bolstering business certainty and removing tariffs that have hurt American companies and consumers. He could also end tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, which have raised prices for companies that use foreign metals in their products.But Mr. Trump has also threatened to impose new tariffs on imported automobiles and auto parts from Europe and Japan, a move that economists, companies and lawmakers from both parties warn would be economically devastating to the auto industry and its customers.He has negotiated a new trade agreement with Canada and Mexico, but he needs Congress to approve it. Its fate is uncertain. He does not appear to be aggressively pushing for Congress to pass a large-scale infrastructure plan, though he has called for one, and a divided Congress is unlikely to approve one even if he did.A question mark could be government spending. Last year, Mr. Trump signed an agreement between Republicans and Democrats that increased defense and other domestic spending, which helped stimulate demand and growth in the economy. In his budget this year, Mr. Trump called for additional defense increases but cuts in domestic spending, which Democrats are certain to oppose.Complicating the conversation is the widening federal budget deficit, which hit a monthly record in February, according to the Treasury Department, and which the Trump administration predicts will soon top $1 trillion a year. The deficit has ballooned, even in a time of relatively rapid growth, because Mr. Trump’s tax cuts reduced tax revenues — both in absolute terms and compared with forecasts — and because of the spending increases he approved.It is unusual, historically, for presidents to pour fiscal stimulus onto an economy with already low unemployment. The decision to do so could tie Mr. Trump’s hands in a dire situation that most economists deem possible but unlikely — an economic contraction or recession this year.Democrats will be in no mood to give Mr. Trump another tax cut, in that case. The Fed could cut rates, but not by as much as it did in previous recessions. To combat each of the last three recessions, the Fed cut rates by at least five percentage points.Today, the Fed’s target interest rate sits between 2.25 and 2.5 percent. It does not appear to be rising anytime soon.That’s just how Mr. Trump wants it.The United States economy is still humming, if the performance of some of the country’s biggest banks is any indication.JPMorgan Chase and PNC Financial Services Group both reported strong performances on Friday for the first three months of 2019, including revenue that was higher than Wall Street analysts had expected. The banks’ results suggested that events like the government shutdown in January and President Trump’s trade war with China had little impact on large swaths of American businesses and consumers.JPMorgan said its revenue from providing banking services to consumers and businesses was 15 percent higher than a year earlier. The growth stemmed in part from the bank’s credit card business.The economy’s growth “could go on for years,” JPMorgan’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon, said on a conference call Friday. “There’s no law that says it has to stop.”PNC, a large regional bank based in Pittsburgh, also reported lending more to both consumers and businesses in the first quarter.“We remain confident about the strength of the economy,” said PNC’s chief executive, William S. Demchak.Other major banks — including Bank of America and Citigroup — will report their quarterly performances early next week, which will provide an additional barometer of the country’s economic growth.Ross Levine, a banking and finance professor at the University of California, Berkeley, cautioned against drawing too many economic conclusions from the bank’s rosy finances. He said the potentially negative impact of things like the trade war with China “might not have materialized yet in earnings.”Wells Fargo also surprised analysts on Friday with higher-than-expected earnings. But the bank achieved the results by cutting costs, while lending in many parts of its business declined. Wells Fargo is still grappling with its long run of misconduct, which led regulators to prohibit the bank from expanding until it cleaned up its act. Last month, the continued problems led to the abrupt resignation of the bank’s chief executive, Timothy J. Sloan.Wells Fargo’s chief financial officer, John R. Shrewsberry, told Wall Street analysts on Friday that the bank had been getting rid of riskier loans, which partly explained the decline in lending volumes.JPMorgan’s stock price rose nearly 5 percent on Friday, while PNC’s was up 3 percent. Wells Fargo shares were down more than 2 percent.As the country’s largest bank, JPMorgan in many ways provides the clearest snapshot of the health of the United States economy. The bank has $956 billion in outstanding consumer and wholesale loans, up from $934 billion a year ago.That growth was consistent with Federal Reserve data this week that showed that consumers were continuing to borrow more, in particular through increased credit card spending. Greater reliance on credit cards and other debt can be a sign of financial stress, but Fed officials and JPMorgan executives greeted the increased borrowing as a sign of consumer confidence.One blemish in JPMorgan’s results was in its investment-banking division. The bank’s revenue from the buying and selling of stocks, bonds and other assets declined 17 percent from a year earlier, which JPMorgan attributed in part to the shutdown of the federal government.Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them.__________The government shutdown and the late 2018 stock market tumult eroded confidence in the economy among business owners and consumers alike last month.Now that the stock market has rallied and the government has reopened, will optimism about the economy rebound, or is the recent slide an indication of a more lasting shift?In January, both the National Federation of Independent Business’s optimism index for small businesses and the University of Michigan’s consumer sentiment index fell to their lowest levels since at least November 2016. And the Conference Board’s index of consumer confidence posted its steepest decline over the past few months since 2011.Those three indexes had jumped in the months after Donald J. Trump was elected president on optimism that his pro-business agenda of reduced taxes and regulation would ignite economic growth. The indexes peaked last year as the stock market marched to record highs, and despite the recent pullback, they remain at historically elevated levels.Businesses, policymakers and investors often use sentiment surveys to evaluate the direction of the economy. If confidence is high, the thinking goes, business owners and consumers are more likely to open their wallets to make purchases, hire employees and expand their operations. If those same groups are worried about the future, they are more likely to curtail their spending.But upward swings in sentiment do not necessarily translate into increased spending and economic growth. The economy, for instance, remained sluggish for more than a year after consumer and business confidence jumped in the months after the 2016 election.Such indexes are also sensitive to short-term moves in the stock market and political developments that have little effect on spending.Indications that sentiment is set to rebound are beginning to appear. Economic confidence recovered in a poll conducted in early February for The New York Times by the online research firm SurveyMonkey.The University of Michigan releases a preliminary version of its survey roughly halfway through each month and then its final report at the end. Last month, the final figure, although the lowest since October 2016, showed a slight uptick from the preliminary version, which was released during the shutdown. Also, the survey’s personal financial expectations index, considered a better indicator of household spending than the overall index, held up during the period.The university will release its preliminary consumer sentiment index for February on Friday.The report on small-business sentiment also offered reasons to think the slide in confidence may be temporary. Within the index, expectations among business owners about their sales and the overall economy had the biggest declines. But those segments typically have been the most sensitive to gyrations in the stock markets.Meanwhile, expectations for business spending, which had slid sharply since August, stopped declining.WASHINGTON — President Trump on Friday called on the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates and take additional steps to stimulate economic growth, his latest attempt to put the traditionally independent central bank under his thumb.Speaking to reporters before traveling to the southwestern border, the president once again criticized the Fed’s interest rate increases in 2018, saying “they really slowed us down.” Mr. Trump, who is presiding over one of the longest sustained economic expansions in United States history, also said the Fed should do more to give the economy a lift — including resuming a stimulus program that he opposed when it began under President Barack Obama.Mr. Trump’s comments came on the same day the Labor Department reported strong job growth, with employers adding 196,000 jobs last month. His remarks also coincide with his efforts to install allies at the Fed as he heads into a re-election campaign that will largely be a referendum on the state of the economy. While the economy is still strong and unemployment remains low, the effects of the president’s $1.5 trillion tax cut are waning and his trade war has begun to hurt some American industries, as well as contributing to slower growth in China. Most forecasters see growth slowing this year, though Mr. Trump’s economic advisers continue to see it speeding up.But the president appears to be taking no chances. On Friday, he escalated his previous critiques of the Fed by pressing for it to resume the type of stimulus campaign it undertook after the recession to jump-start economic growth. That program, known as quantitative easing, resulted in the Fed buying more than $4 trillion worth of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities as a way to increase the supply of money in the financial system. As the economy recovered, the Fed began to reverse that program, slowly winnowing its portfolio of bonds in a process known as quantitative tightening.“Well I personally think the Fed should drop rates,” Mr. Trump said. “I think they really slowed us down. There’s no inflation. I would say in terms of quantitative tightening, it should actually now be quantitative easing. Very little if any inflation. And I think they should drop rates, and they should get rid of quantitative tightening. You would see a rocket ship. Despite that, we’re doing very well.”The Labor Department’s numbers signal a rebound from an unexpectedly lackluster February. It was the 102nd straight month of job gains. Wages were also up, with average hourly earnings in March 3.2 percent higher than a year earlier. And unemployment remained low at 3.8 percent.[Read more about the March jobs report, which showed a return to solid growth.]The president has become increasingly bold in his efforts to influence the Fed, which he and his advisers blame for economic growth falling short of the 4 percent annual rate last year as he promised. He has repeatedly criticized his handpicked Fed chairman, Jerome H. Powell, and has described the central bank as a counterweight to his economic policies.The Fed raised interest rates four times last year, to the current range of 2 percent to 2.25 percent, drawing frequent rebukes from Mr. Trump. Such criticism is unusual for presidents, who typically avoid commenting on monetary policy.But the Fed has since diverted from what had been a steady march of interest rate increases, in the face of stock market turmoil, growing domestic and global economic risks and pressure from Mr. Trump. The central bank does not expect to increase rates at all this year and has cut its growth projections to 2.1 percent for 2019.As he enters the 2020 campaign, Mr. Trump is banking on a much faster pace of growth than the Fed and most outside economists say is likely. Global growth is moderating, with slowdowns in Europe and China underway. And there are signs of weakness in the United States, where chief executives see investment, hiring and sales growth all slowing this year and business economists say the risks of undershooting economic growth are higher than overshooting.Democrats denounced Mr. Trump’s comments, saying they showed his disregard for the traditional independence of the Fed and his desire to use its powers to help him win re-election.“There’s no question that President Trump is seeking to undermine the long-term stability of the economy and independence of the Federal Reserve to boost his own re-election prospects,” said Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrat on the Finance Committee.Larry Kudlow, Mr. Trump’s top economic adviser, said on Friday that the president was concerned about a global slowdown and wanted the Fed ensure the American economy continued to grow.“We are facing a worldwide slowdown. You know, recession, arguably,” Mr. Kudlow said in an interview on Bloomberg TV. “Europe is not doing well. Germany itself may be in recession. That troubles us.”Mr. Kudlow denied that the president was trying to infringe on the Fed’s independence and said he simply wanted it to keep things thriving.“We’re not pressuring. We’re not going after their independence,” he said. “We just don’t want any threats to this rebuilding, reviving, growing economy.”But in recent days, Mr. Trump has made it increasingly clear that he will do what it takes to keep the Fed heading in the direction he wants.The president said on Thursday that he planned to nominate Herman Cain, a Republican who abandoned his 2012 presidential campaign in the face of sexual harassment allegations and who started a political action committee to combat what he claims is “misinformation” about Mr. Trump, to a seat on the Fed’s seven-member board. Mr. Trump also plans to nominate Stephen Moore, an adviser and conservative economist who has become a vocal critic of the Fed’s interest rate increases.Those selections are a marked shift from his previous nominations to the board. The president has tended to tap largely conventional candidates, not loyalists or those with starkly contrarian views. His choice of Mr. Powell for chairman was seen as a vote for consistency on the Fed, given Mr. Powell’s approach was expected to be — and indeed has been — in line with his predecessor, Janet L. Yellen, who called for a moderate pace of rate increases.Mr. Trump’s three other Fed appointments have also been fairly unsurprising — Richard Clarida, whom he appointed as vice chairman, was a Columbia University economist and a scholar in monetary policy. Randal K. Quarles, who oversees bank supervision, worked in the financial industry and at the Treasury Department in previous Republican administrations and Michelle W. Bowman was the state bank commissioner of Kansas.Wall Street analysts, economists and at least one Republican senator warned on Friday that Mr. Trump’s choice of political actors could wind up compromising the Fed in a way that could be detrimental to the health of the economy.“In our view, the selections could raise questions about the independence of the Federal Reserve and could be perceived as an attempted politicization of monetary policy,” researchers at Barclays wrote in a note to clients, adding, “the experience of each candidate does not seem to be the main reason the Trump administration is considering their nominations.”Senator Mitt Romney of Utah, who ran against Mr. Cain for the Republican nomination, told Politico that he would prefer nonpolitical appointees.“I would like to see nominees that are economists first and not partisans. I think it’s important that the Fed be a nonpartisan entity,” Mr. Romney said. “The key is that someone is outside of the political world and is an economic leader, not a partisan leader.”It is unclear whether Mr. Moore or Mr. Cain, who are still undergoing background checks and have yet to be formally nominated, will be confirmed by the Senate. Mr. Trump has previously faced pushback on two of his Fed choices, neither of whom were considered highly contentious but nonetheless failed to gain traction.Nellie Liang, an economist and financial regulation expert, withdrew from consideration after financial industry lobbyists worked against her nomination and Senate Republicans made clear they would not vote to confirm her. And Marvin Goodfriend, a professor at Carnegie Mellon University and a former monetary policy adviser to the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, Va., languished in the last Congress after lawmakers questioned his previous views on inflation.For now, most Senate Republicans have said they will wait for confirmation hearings before determining their votes.Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, has remained mum on both selections for the Fed. But aides and senators close to Mr. McConnell said that he had made it clear that he had no intention of moving ahead quickly with either nomination, giving the president and his staff ample time to vet both men and consider other candidates.President Trump likes to brag about the supposedly booming economy. So do other Republican politicians. Some journalists have gotten into the habit too, exaggerating the strength of the economic expansion, because it makes for a good story.Here’s the truth: There is no boom. The economy has been mired in an extended funk since the financial crisis ended in 2010. G.D.P. growth still has not reached 3 percent in any year, and 3 percent isn’t a very high bar. Last week, while attending an economics conference in Washington, I discovered one particularly clear sign of the economy’s struggles — namely, that it keeps performing worse than the experts have predicted. I put together this chart to show the trend:Again and again, Federal Reserve officials have overestimated how quickly the economy would grow. They keep having to revise their forecasts downward, only to discover that they didn’t go far enough down. Economists on Wall Street and other parts of the private sector have made the same mistake. Over time, the differences between the experts’ predictions and the economy’s performance have added up. The American economy would be about 6 percent larger today — producing $1.3 trillion more in goods and services this year — if the forecasts had come true. And for most families, real-life experience has been more disappointing than the G.D.P. numbers, because much of the bounty of the economy’s growth has flowed to the affluent.So what is ailing the American economy?Several years ago, Lawrence Summers — the economist and former Treasury secretary — began using the phrase “secular stagnation” to describe the problem. The term was originally coined during the Great Depression, and it describes an economy that can’t quite get healthy.When Summers first made his case in 2013, some other economists criticized it as too pessimistic. But the repeated growth shortfalls of recent years suggest he was onto something. At last week’s conference, hosted by the Brookings Institution, Olivier Blanchard — the former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund — said he was now more persuaded by the secular-stagnation story than he first had been. It is, Blanchard said, “more likely than not.”There are two main culprits. The first is a savings glut. Americans are saving more and spending less partly because the rich now take home so much of the economy’s income — and the rich don’t spend as large a share of their income as the poor and middle class. The aging of society plays a role too, because people are saving for retirement.[Sign up for David Leonhardt’s daily newsletter with commentary on the news and reading suggestions from around the web.]The second big cause is an investment slump. Despite all the savings available to be invested, companies are holding back. Some have grown so large and monopoly-like that they don’t need to invest in new projects to make profits. Think about your internet provider: It may have terrible customer service, but you don’t have a lot of alternatives. The company doesn’t need to invest in new technology or employees to keep you as a customer.Beside a lack of competition, the investment slump stems from what Summers calls the de-massification of the economy. Developers aren’t building as many malls and stores, because goods now go straight from warehouses to homes. Offices don’t need as much storage space. Cellphones have replaced not just desktop computers but also cameras, stereos, books and more. Many young people have decided they’re happy living in small apartments, without cars.For all of these economic problems, there are promising solutions. But the United States is not giving those solutions a try.The 2017 Trump tax law is a useful case study. It is a dreadful piece of economic policy — essentially a giant effort to aggravate income inequality. Tax cuts that benefit the wealthy most are huge and permanent. Tax cuts focused on everyone else are smaller and temporary.But the law still pumped money into the economy last year, thanks largely to those temporary tax cuts for the middle class and poor. And guess what? G.D.P. growth finally met some forecasters’ expectations, as you can see from the first chart above. The economy expanded 2.9 percent in 2018. Unfortunately, the boost seems to have been temporary. In the first quarter of this year, growth has slowed markedly, probably to about 0.5 percent. It will most likely grow faster over the rest of 2019, but not 3 percent. Once again, economists have started downgrading their expectations.A better policy response would start with a tax cut focused on the majority of Americans, not the wealthy. And there are many other ways to take on secular stagnation. When I spoke to Summers last week, he rattled off a list: Infrastructure projects, to jump-start investment. The retirement of coal-fired power plants, which would also lead to new investment. Stronger safety-net programs, including Social Security, to reduce the savings glut. More aggressive antitrust policies, to combat monopolies. And a Federal Reserve that, at long last, stopped making the same mistake — of overestimating both growth and inflation.After a decade of negative economic surprises, maybe we shouldn’t be surprised anymore. Maybe we should try some new solutions.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.The Turkish government unveiled a plan on Wednesday to help the country’s banks survive an epidemic of bad loans, but it dashed hopes for more sweeping measures to address an economic downturn that has become a threat to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s hold on power.Under the proposal, which the government described as a comprehensive plan for the economy, state-owned banks will receive $5 billion in aid, about a third of the total amount of bad loans, according to official figures.But economists said the blueprint, which was presented by Berat Albayrak, the minister of treasury and finance, who is also Mr. Erdogan’s son-in-law, seemed designed mostly to protect Mr. Erdogan’s allies in the construction and energy sectors. The plan offered only bromides in response to a deepening recession, double-digit unemployment and prices rising at a 20 percent clip.The teetering economy helped cost the president’s party its control of Ankara in local elections last month, and delivered a victory to opposition parties in Istanbul, although Mr. Erdogan is challenging the results.Despite the setbacks, Mr. Erdogan apparently remains unwilling to forsake the debt-fueled growth that lifted the country from poverty but has become increasingly unsustainable. Facing a possible rematch in Istanbul, he is probably also wary of forcing voters to swallow the bitter medicine of cutbacks and austerity needed to cure Turkey’s dependence on credit.“Those who were expecting a framework to solve the issues in the economy after the elections should be dismayed,” said Ugur Gurses, a former banker who is now an economics columnist. “All that is planned is to keep the credit flowing from state-owned banks.”The economy has been central to the expansion of Mr. Erdogan’s authority during the last two decades, but as growth has wavered, so has his support. Foreign credit has dried up as lenders lost confidence in his management of the economy, causing widespread bankruptcies among businesses unable to refinance debt that they must often repay in increasingly expensive dollars.But Mr. Erdogan has refused to heed cries from the business community for more extensive changes in policy, and has ignored the advice of mainstream economists. Instead, he has behaved as if he could make the economy bend to his will, and blamed economic problems on foreign conspiracies.The plan presented Wednesday by Mr. Albayrak failed to address the problem that most bothers the Turkish business community: government agencies and courts that are increasingly tilted in favor of Mr. Erdogan’s loyalists, and opaque decision making.“It’s not clear how administration is run, and who does what,” said Atilla Yesilada, Turkey analyst at GlobalSource Partners, a research firm. “Who makes policy is not clear at all. That’s what I hear time after time.”During a 40-minute presentation in Istanbul before an audience of journalists, who were not given a chance to ask questions, Mr. Albayrak said that the government would increase taxes on the rich, cut taxes for corporations, encourage people to save and take measures to stabilize the country’s pension system by making it compulsory for all Turks.He also said the government would create a “National Unity in Agriculture Project” to combat runaway food price inflation. But there were few details on how that and the other measures would work.At least this latest economic plan landed with less of a thud than the last one. That program, presented by Mr. Albayrak in August, was regarded as so unconvincing by foreign investors that they dumped the lira and provoked a currency crisis. For a brief period, it took almost 7 lira to buy $1, a low. On Wednesday the exchange rate was 5.7 lira for $1, little changed from Tuesday.The timing of the economic plan created a political quandary for Mr. Erdogan and his party. There was intense pressure for the government to regain international credibility by presenting a serious program.But tough economic polices might further alienate voters and hurt Mr. Erdogan’s chances of retaining power in Istanbul by forcing a repeat election.“For financial stability, more determined measures were expected,” said Bahadir Ozgur, an economic analyst and columnist for the online newspaper Gazete Duvar. “In this program, there is nothing curbing budget spending and disciplining public finance.”WASHINGTON — The global economy is slowing more than expected and a sharp downturn could require world leaders to coordinate stimulus measures, the International Monetary Fund said on Tuesday as it cut its forecast for world economic growth this year.The global lender's semi-annual World Economic Report pointed to the U.S.-China trade war and a potentially disorderly British exit from the European Union as key risks and warned that chances of further cuts to the outlook were high.Some major economies, including China and Germany, might need to take short-term actions, the IMF said. "This is a delicate moment for the global economy," IMF chief economist Gita Gopinath said in a news conference to discuss the report.Governments may need to open their pocketbooks at the same time "across economies" if the slowdown becomes more serious, Gopinath said, adding that loose monetary policy might also be needed.The comments provided an eerie warning to the global officials gathering in Washington this week for the spring meetings of the IMF and World Bank. The world engaged in coordinated fiscal stimulus to counter the 2008 financial crisis. In its third downgrade since October, the IMF said the global economy will likely grow 3.3% this year, the slowest expansion since 2016. The forecast cut 0.2 percentage point from the IMF's outlook in January.The projected growth rate for next year was unchanged at 3.6%.More than two-thirds of the expected slowdown in 2019 stems from troubles in rich nations, including members of the EU."In this context, avoiding policy missteps that could harm economic activity should be the main priority," the IMF said in its report. One potential misstep lies in Britain's indecision over how to leave the EU. Despite looming deadlines, London has not decided how it will try to shield its economy during the exit process.The IMF's new forecast assumes an orderly "Brexit," but the Fund said a chaotic process could shave more than 0.2 percentage point from global growth in 2019. It said the Bank of England should be "cautious" on its interest rate policy, an apparent tip to wait before hiking borrowing costs.The EU's economic growth is already slowing substantially, though the IMF said it still expects the slowdown in Europe and some emerging market economies will give way to a re-acceleration in growth during the second half of 2019. The outlook for Germany, one of the main drivers of European growth, suffered from weaker demand for its exports, softer consumer spending and new emissions standards that have depressed car sales. Germany may have to quickly turn to fiscal stimulus measures, the IMF said, also calling on the European Central Bank to keep stimulating the regional economy. The IMF also cut Japan's growth outlook following a string of natural disasters. U.S. DOWNGRADEThe U.S. economy, while seen outperforming other rich nations' economies, also got a downgrade on signs that a fiscal stimulus fuelled by tax cuts was producing less activity than previously expected.U.S. Treasury yields slid on concerns about the global economic outlook, which also weighed on U.S. stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average index fell 0.7% and the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite both closed about 0.6% lower as the growth forecasts and renewed trade worries sparked by new U.S. tariff threats on European aircraft and food products weighed on sentiment.U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin disputed the IMF's assessment that U.S. growth was slowing and told lawmakers he was not concerned about a recent inversion of the Treasury yield curve - often a harbinger of recession."There's no question that growth outside of the United States, whether it be Europe or China, has slowed significantly," Mnuchin told a U.S. House Financial Services Committee hearing. "From everything we see, we see for the next few years still strong, robust U.S. growth."CHINA'S 'GREEN SHOOTS'The IMF said it supported the U.S. Federal Reserve's decision to pause its rate-hiking cycle, which the global lender said would support the U.S. and world economies this year by easing financial conditions. The IMF raised its forecast for U.S. growth in 2020 by a tenth of a percentage point to 1.9%.The global lender said it was slightly boosting its outlook for Chinese growth this year - to 6.3% - in part because an expected escalation in the U.S.-China trade war had not materialized. Still, America's ongoing tensions with China and other major trading partners continue to cloud the global economy.U.S. tariffs on Chinese imports are hitting Chinese growth and also weighing on Latin America and other parts of the world dependent on Chinese demand for commodities.The IMF cut its 2019 growth forecasts for Canada and Latin America as well as for the Middle East and North African countries.China was trying to rebalance its massive economy away from investment and exports when U.S. President Donald Trump ordered higher tariffs on Chinese imports beginning in 2018. China responded with retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods.In an ominous sign, the IMF said Beijing might need to unleash fiscal stimulus "to avoid a sharp near-term growth slowdown that could derail the overarching reform agenda." Gopinath, the IMF chief economist, said the Chinese economy was showing some tentative signs of recovered growth, which she described as "green shoots." (Reporting by Jason Lange; Additional reporting by David Lawder Editing by Andrea Ricci, Paul Simao and James Dalgleish)NEW YORK — Samantha Martin does most of the annual hiring for her public relations firm in the first quarter. But not this year — clients worried about a slowing economy are cutting their budgets, and Martin has in turn scaled back her own plans."Our clients are having trouble getting funding and therefore public relations and marketing are the first to get cut," says Martin, owner of New York-based Media Maison.If Martin's firm has more work than her current staff can handle, she'll hire freelancers who work by the hour. Hiring on a project-by-project basis removes the potential of having to lay anyone off.Small business owners who are uneasy as they see signs of a weakening economy have cut back on hiring in recent months and found ways to get work done without adding employees. The latest evidence of a hiring slowdown came last week, when payroll provider ADP said its small business customers created just 6,000 jobs in March. February's tally of 19,000 new jobs was also weak and down sharply from January's 98,000; ADP's small business numbers also fluctuated throughout 2018. The report, as well as the most recent jobs report from the Labor Department, clearly shows that small business hiring has lagged behind job creation at larger companies.Small business owners, especially those who learned hard lessons from the Great Recession about overstaffing, are playing it safe. While a Capital One survey also released last week showed that 29% of 500 small business owners planned to hire in the next six months, that was down from 33% in a survey six months earlier. Of the owners who don't plan to hire, nearly 30% said the economy is making them too nervous to spend more on staffing. The Capital One survey was in line with other surveys taken during the first quarter.The economy is widely expected to slow this year, starting with the recently ended first quarter. Economists surveyed by financial information provider FactSet estimate that gross domestic product grew at an annual rate of 1.6% from January through March, down from 2.9% in all of 2018.TruePublic's last four hires were part-timers. CEO Kaben Clauson had planned on taking on full-time staffers, but partly because of the economy decided against the added risk."We could hire those people full time now — we have the money to do so — but it would give us only six months of a cash cushion," says Kaben, whose Chicago-based company conducts online surveys. "We'd feel more comfortable with a year's cushion."Clauson's concern is linked to the hesitancy he sees in investors who start hunkering down because of stock market volatility or signs of economic weakness."My company is raising another $2 million and we're looking for investors," Kaben says. "Who's knows what happens with the economy going forward?"Before the recession, the philosophy at many companies was to hire in anticipation of higher revenue. Now, the approach is to put off hiring until rising revenue justifies taking on the added expense and risk. Many owners like Martin hire independent contractors, or freelancers, if there's more work than their regular employees can handle."They have a much finer gauge on how to accomplish what they need to without layering in a lot of expense," says Steve Spinelli, the incoming president of Babson College and an entrepreneur himself.Owners have also adopted technology that helps them get their work done, so there is less pressure on their companies to hire, Spinelli says."You have a healthier small business community, a more nimble small business community and one that's more forward looking," Spinelli says.After Greg Henson's technology services company was forced to lay off half its staff during the Great Recession, he restructured the business so approximately 50% of The Henson Group's workers are freelancers. He has the flexibility of calling them in for projects as needed, and doesn't have fears of another mass layoff.Henson is also concerned about the economy, and has contracted with another company to handle some of his sales work."We have frozen hiring until we know what's happening," he says.Some owners aren't as worried about the economy, but have other reasons to be concerned about their finances and are therefore cautious about hiring. For example, their overhead is going up and they don't want to add to those increasing costs — expenses that can make them more vulnerable to the vagaries of the economy.The rising minimum wage has Sean Pour holding off hiring 10 new staffers for his company, SellMax, which has more than 30 workers earning the $12 minimum that a San Diego city ordinance requires. The minimum, which rose 50 cents on Jan. 1, will rise each year along with inflation.The minimum-wage staffers at SellMax work in the car buying company's call center. Pour supplements their pay with performance bonuses, but worries that rising wages will limit his ability to pay the extra money."Quite frankly, this scares us and we are afraid we won't be able to keep the new hires that we employ," Pour says. So SellMax, which already uses automation to answer some calls, may need to increase its dependence on technology if it can't afford to hire._____Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg . Her work can be found here: https://apnews.comGood Friday morning. Here are some of the stories making news in Washington and politics today._____________________• The Federal Reserve has halted rate increases. Tax cuts and tariffs have taken hold. Attempts to rewrite the global rules of trade are underway. President Trump got what he wanted on the economy — but it may not last, and the president must now prove the naysayers wrong about the future.• The first House Intelligence Committee hearing since the special counsel completed his report began with Republicans demanding the resignation of Adam B. Schiff, the committee’s chairman. It only went downhill from there.• Speaking of the special counsel’s report: It was more than 300 pages long, the Justice Department acknowledged on Thursday, raising more questions about Attorney General William P. Barr’s four-page summary.• The Supreme Court declined to block a federal ban on bump stocks — the attachments that turn semiautomatic guns to fully automatic — after an appeal from gun owners.• Senators remain at an impasse over how much disaster relief should be given to Puerto Rico, leaving billions of dollars in aid for recovery efforts across the country in limbo ahead of a vote on Monday.• The Department of Housing and Urban Development sued Facebook, arguing that the company violated the federal Fair Housing Act by limiting who sees ads based on characteristics like race, religion and national origin.• Mr. Trump criticized Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras on Thursday for accepting aid from the United States but doing “nothing” in return. The statement came a day after his Homeland Security secretary struck an agreement with those same countries to strengthen security at the border.• Pete Buttigieg may have a challenging last name and an unconventional résumé. But he’s drawing big crowds and has jumped to third place in a poll of Iowa voters.• Senator Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota unveiled her first policy plan: spending a trillion dollars in federal funds to upgrade the country’s infrastructure.• There are few more important groups of Democratic primary voters than black women in the South, and they’ll have more weight than ever this year. Kamala Harris and Beto O’Rourke have different plans to capture their attention.• The Trump administration is forcing a Chinese company to sell its stake in the gay dating app Grindr over national security concerns. It’s the first case where the United States asserted that foreign control of a social media app could have national security implications.• In a case that exposed the government’s embarrassing failure to secure its secrets, a 54-year-old former National Security Agency contractor pleaded guilty to taking secret documents home in a deal likely to put him in prison for nine years._____________________Today’s On Politics briefing was compiled by Isabella Grullón Paz in New York.Were you forwarded this newsletter? Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox.Is there anything you think we’re missing? Anything you want to see more of? We’d love to hear from you. Email us at onpolitics@nytimes.com.SAN FRANCISCO — Owning a piece of the gig economy became a reality for millions on Friday when Lyft began trading on the public markets, signaling the start of a stream of stock offerings expected from high-profile technology companies this year.Lyft’s shares rose 8.7 percent in its first day of trading after opening at $87.24, far above the public offering price of $72. By the end of the day, the ride-hailing firm’s market value stood at $26.4 billion, making it one of the most valuable American companies to go public in the last decade. At that level, it was more than 23 times the valuation of the parent company of Hertz, the rental car provider, and bigger than the parent of United Airlines.Lyft’s public market debut formalized the rise of the sharing economy, even though persistent questions remain about the effect of gig-type work on people’s quality of life and their wages. When ride-hailing companies like Lyft and Uber began growing this decade, they hawked their kind of work — where drivers are freelancers who drive only when they want to — as providing flexibility. But with drivers ineligible to receive employee benefits like health care, the businesses have since prompted lawsuits and labor protests.Gig economy companies also have not proved a business fundamental: that they can make money. While Lyft and Uber have been expanding rapidly, they have lost close to or more than $1 billion a year. And the companies are spending heavily on new initiatives like food delivery, electric bikes and self-driving vehicles, making profits a distant prospect.[Unicorns are riding into the public markets, and their elite early investors will be the biggest winners.]Even so, Lyft’s offering means that people will now own shares of the company in their mutual funds and stock portfolios, giving them more of a vested interest in the financial outcomes of gig economy firms. That will be compounded when Uber, the world’s biggest ride-hailing operator, goes public in the next few months in what is expected to be the largest initial public offering of the past five years. Uber will almost certainly become part of index funds, which underlie the retirement portfolios of millions of Americans.“Their business model is completely reliant on an unsettled issue, which is the status of their drivers,” Veena Dubal, an employment and labor law professor at the University of California’s Hastings College of the Law, said of ride-hailing companies. “They’ve been trying to shift risk onto workers, and now they are shifting risk onto investors as well.”Those risks sent jitters through some investors on Friday, with Lyft’s shares falling after opening up strongly. The stock dipped to roughly $80 before declining further near the end of trading to finish the day at $78.29.But others turned a blind eye to the steep losses and heavy spending, which bodes well for the herd of other coming tech offerings. Apart from Uber, those set to join the I.P.O. bonanza are Pinterest, the digital pin board; the messaging company Slack; the delivery company Postmates; and the home-fitness company Peloton.Interest in buying Lyft’s stock was so high that demand outstripped supply within the first two days of the company’s road show to pitch prospective investors this month. By the end, the I.P.O. was 20 times oversubscribed, Lyft told investors on Friday.Lyft’s high listing price and performance are a “reflection of the appetite” from investors, said Tom White, a senior vice president at D. A. Davidson, a wealth and asset management firm. “Right now, I think investors generally are focused on growth.”With its initial offering, Lyft leapt ahead of Uber to become the first publicly traded ride-hailing firm. Logan Green and John Zimmer, Lyft’s founders, celebrated the event on Friday in Los Angeles, where pink confetti rained down them as they marked the occasion. The pair had founded Zimride, a long-distance car-pooling service for college students, in 2007. Zimride evolved into Lyft, which initially used the gimmick of fuzzy bubblegum-colored mustaches to distinguish its service.Mr. Green, 35, who grew up in Santa Monica, and has cited heavy traffic in the area as an inspiration for Lyft, and Mr. Zimmer, 34, used the I.P.O. to announce a program called Lyft City Works. The program will donate $50 million to transportation initiatives in cities where it operates.Mr. Green said he planned to further expand Lyft into other modes of transportation, including public transit.“We want Lyft to be the first app that you open up,” he said. “The biggest investments we’re making today are broadening the portfolio of products that you can access within Lyft.”The offering increased Mr. Green’s and Mr. Zimmer’s wealth, while allowing them to maintain tight control over their company. The pair hold a special class of shares that give them extra voting power, a practice common among tech founders but criticized by investor advocates.During the nearly two-week road show, Lyft pitched itself to institutional investors as a mission-driven company focused on reshaping the transportation industry. It emphasized its do-gooder stance on encouraging car-pooling and reducing the environmental impacts of individual car ownership.Investors’ most frequent question during the road show was what the company would look like in five years, Mr. Zimmer said. “Investors realized that ride-sharing is the tip of the iceberg,” he said.Using independent contractors to provide services has indubitably become the keystone of a generation of tech companies, from ride-hailing apps to food delivery services like DoorDash to hair and makeup services like Glamsquad. Some researchers said contingent work could account for 43 percent of the American work force by next year, though the Department of Labor has reported that the number of workers in gig roles has remained mostly flat since 2005.“I think it’s quite clear that this is part of a larger trend in the economy,” said Sean Aggarwal, Lyft’s chairman. “That makes it an exciting story for the long-term investor. It gives them an opportunity to participate not just in this gig economy transformation but also in this larger trend of transportation as a service.”Mr. White of D. A. Davidson said the good will toward Lyft would eventually evaporate if it ultimately couldn’t make money.“As we get closer to 2020, there will be an expectation that we see them narrow the losses,” he said.Although there have been approximately 100,000 media profiles of enthusiastic blue-collar Trump supporters in diners, the reality is that Donald Trump is extraordinarily unpopular. A recent Pew analysis found only one other modern president with such a low approval rating two years into his administration.On the other hand, that president was Ronald Reagan, who went on to win re-election in a landslide. So some Trump boosters are suggesting their champion can repeat that performance. Can he?No, he can’t. And it’s worth understanding why, both to assess current political prospects and to debunk the Reagan mythology still infesting U.S. conservatism.Let’s talk first about the Reagan story.Reagan was indeed unpopular in January 1983, mainly because of the economic situation. Despite a huge tax cut in 1981 and a sharp rise in military spending, more than 10 percent of the labor force was unemployed.Although many voters blamed Reagan for this economic distress, the truth was that it had little to do with his policies; it was, instead, the consequence of the Federal Reserve’s attempts to bring down inflation, which had driven interest rates as high as 19 percent.By mid-1982, however, the Fed had reversed course, sharply reducing rates. And these rate cuts eventually produced a huge housing boom, which in turn drove a rapid economic recovery.Like the earlier slump, this boom had little to do with Reagan’s policies, but voters gave him credit anyway. Unemployment was still fairly high — more than 7 percent — in November 1984, but what matters for elections is whether things are getting better or worse, not how good they are in absolute terms. And in 1983-84, unemployment fell fast, so Reagan won big.How does this story compare with Trump’s prospects now?First of all, where Reagan was unpopular because of a weak economy, Trump is unpopular despite a strong economy. That is, he starts from a much lower baseline.And there is no chance of a “morning in America”-type boom over the next two years.For one thing, in 1983-84 America was able to grow very fast by taking up the huge amount of economic slack that had accumulated over the course of the double-dip recession from 1979 to 1982. Right now, with unemployment below 4 percent, it’s not clear whether there’s any economic slack at all. There’s certainly not enough to allow the 7-plus percent growth rates in real personal income that prevailed in the run-up to the 1984 election.Also, a housing boom driven by dramatic interest rate reductions was central to the rapid growth of Reagan’s third and fourth year in office. (No, it wasn’t all about the miraculous effects of tax cuts.) But today’s Fed can’t — literally can’t — deliver the kind of boost it did back then by bringing double-digit interest rates down to single-digit levels, because rates are already quite low. And with housing prices looking rather high, it’s hard to imagine a huge surge looking forward.Are there other ways that the economy might rescue Trump? What about the 2017 tax cut, which Trump said would be “rocket fuel” for the economy?Well, by increasing the budget deficit, that cut probably gave the economy some stimulus, temporarily raising growth. But that effect is already fading out, and the economy would have been slowing down even without the extra drag created by the Trump shutdown. This doesn’t necessarily mean that we’ll have a recession soon, but we’re almost surely looking at unimpressive growth at best.But wasn’t the tax cut supposed to increase long-run growth, by increasing business investment? Yes, it was — but it isn’t delivering on that promise. Corporations received huge tax breaks, but they mostly used the money to pay higher dividends and buy back stocks, not for investment. And even the modest rise in business investment that did take place in 2018 seems to have been driven by higher oil prices, not tax cuts.So Donald Trump is no Ronald Reagan.Actually, even Ronald Reagan was no Ronald Reagan. Although right-wing legend portrays his experience as proof of the magical power of tax cuts, the economy actually performed somewhat better under Bill Clinton, who raised taxes. (Although, to be fair, almost all Republicans seem to have managed to expunge that fact from their memories.)Most of Reagan’s political success reflected not fundamental economic achievement but good luck with the timing of the business cycle. And Trump almost certainly won’t experience comparable luck.Combine this lack of a strong economic upside over the next two years with Trump’s extreme current unpopularity, and his chances for re-election — if he even makes it to the end of his first term — don’t look too good. Which raises the question of what he and his party will do if defeat is staring them in the face.I don’t know the answer to that question, and if you aren’t scared about how a cornered Trump might lash out, you haven’t been paying attention.What’s clear, however, is that Trump and his allies are in a deep hole right now — and the economy isn’t going to dig them out of it.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.To determine the health of the economy, you could scrutinize the minutes of Federal Reserve meetings, pore over the latest economic data and scour trade publications. Or you could simply look up.The towering cranes that rise above development sites can be a useful financial indicator, like consumer confidence polls or housing starts, according to Rider Levett Bucknall, a construction consulting firm that uses the equipment as the basis for its RLB Crane Index.The index, a tally of cranes in 13 major North American cities, provides a snapshot of economic sentiment, said Julian Anderson, a president of the firm’s North American region. It was created in 2015 as a tool for clients, who use it to assess hiring trends and activity in urban markets, he said. Nationally, the construction industry employed 7.46 million people in 2018, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, continuing several years of increases. But it’s still recovering from the last recession. In 2006, the number of workers was 3 percent higher, 7.69 million.If hiring continues to climb, shrinking the labor pool, high project costs could get even steeper, Mr. Anderson said. That might finally force builders to pump the brakes. But “any change in the market wouldn’t probably show up until the end of the year,” he said. The index is not the only unusual economic indicator. Other strange measures include the Buttered Popcorn Index, the Super Bowl Indicator and divorce rates. Jagdish N. Bhagwati, a professor of economics at Columbia, said the number of gauges like these had multiplied since the 1980s, when The Economist magazine created the Big Mac Index, an informal comparison of the cost of hamburgers in different countries used to analyze exchange rates.But the trends that shape the global currency system, Dr. Bhagwati said, are too complex to be reduced to single McDonald’s meal. Then again, boiling economics down to a pocketbook issue like popcorn may help consumers understand the underlying economic theory. “Sometimes being funny helps people focus on the things you want them to focus on,” he said.The crane index does have its limitations. Because it tracks cities where Rider Levett Bucknall has offices, it misses growing markets like Houston and Atlanta. Still, it provides useful data about which projects have broken ground, well before marketing kicks in.The index includes only tower cranes, which rise 10 to 80 stories and have long booms that lift steel and concrete for projects including hotels, condominiums, offices, stadiums, convention centers, arts complexes and schools. This winter, the tally came to 423. The total has stayed relatively steady since the summer of 2015 (there were 439 cranes then), which was the crest of the current development wave, some brokers say. The index has remained consistent despite headwinds like climbing interest rates, trade turmoil, rising material costs and a tight labor market.Seattle was the top city in the United States on the latest index, with 59 cranes. Only Toronto, one of two Canadian cities on the list (Calgary is the other), had more, with 104. In last place was Phoenix, with five.Amazon is partly to thank for Seattle’s top ranking, which it has held for several years. After a flurry of development, the internet giant has transformed the South Lake Union neighborhood, a sleepy former warehouse district, into a dense office hub.But other areas, like downtown, are awash in hammers and hard hats, too. “I’m looking out my window, and I’m seeing cranes everywhere,” said David Gurry, a senior vice president with the brokerage firm Colliers International there.Typical real estate cycles run about eight years, Mr. Gurry said, but the current one, clocking in at 12 so far, still has legs. “Normally, I might be concerned to see so many cranes, because it might be a sign of overbuilding,” he said.Housing is a huge driver of real estate construction. High-rise apartment buildings, which gained popularity a couple of decades ago, are increasingly common. But office buildings are also arriving in a resilient market. Seattle has 60 million square feet of office space, brokers say, a quarter of which is controlled by Amazon.But even when Amazon is not involved, developers feel confident about their chances. Asking rents in prime office buildings in Seattle, where the vacancy rate is 7 percent, average $50 per square foot, brokers say.Counting cranes in Seattle and elsewhere can seem unscientific. Over a few days twice a year, employees of Rider Levett Bucknall will set off by foot or in cars, eyes turned toward the horizon. If possible, they later check their results against building permits.In Portland, Ore., searches are helped by a tram across the city that climbs 500 feet in the air, said Kim Craigie, a counter for the firm who also works in marketing. “Once you start, you can’t not notice them,” she said.With 26 cranes this winter, Portland was tied with Chicago, even though Chicago has 2.7 million people and Portland only 630,000.An upgrade of the Oregon Convention Center, a twin-spired complex near the Willamette River, is one of the larger projects. Framing the sky are three cranes, two of them for a 14-story, 600-room hotel that will open next winter and be operated by Hyatt. The third crane swivels over a new parking garage.Because the crane index in many ways also reflects the state of the economy several years earlier, when projects were conceived, it can obscure current realities, brokers and developers say. Washington, for instance, seems to be on a hot streak, with 28 cranes this winter, up from 25 last summer and just a few shy of its 31-crane high in summer 2015.Yet office rents declined in the fourth quarter last year, according to the real estate services firm Cushman & Wakefield, as a surge of office buildings came online. And political gridlock, exemplified by the partial government shutdown in December and January, could sap job creation and, by extension, demand, said Nathan J. Edwards, a senior director of research for Cushman & Wakefield.“After the recession, D.C. was the darling of the investment community,” he said. “But there has been softening.”A handful of new office buildings are testing that premise, like 1901 L Street, a project from the Meridian Group included in the most recent crane count. (A hotel rising next door, at a former steakhouse, has a tower crane as well.)As part of a $100 million gut renovation, Meridian is replacing the cast-concrete facade of a 1970s office building with a glass one, while adding four floors, including a terrace-lined penthouse where tenants can host parties. Winston and Strawn, a law firm, has leased about half of No. 1901, which will open next year, said Wil Machen, a Meridian senior vice president. Other cities where cranes are plentiful, despite signs of a global slowdown, are Los Angeles (44), New York (28) and San Francisco (29), according to the index, whose clients include construction, engineering and architecture firms. If the analyses seem overly optimistic, that may have more to do with the health of those cities than the condition of the country, according to economists, who add that cranes are not likely to disappear anytime soon.“This is a golden age of construction in American metropolitan areas,” said Gian Luca Clementi, as associate professor of economics at the Stern School of Business at New York University. “The U.S. is still less urbanized than similar countries, so if anything, we will probably see more and more construction.”WASHINGTON — President Trump acknowledged Tuesday that closing the southern border with Mexico could damage the United States economy, but said protecting America’s security was more important than trade.In remarks from the Oval Office, Mr. Trump reiterated his threat to shut the border if Mexico, America’s third largest trading partner, cannot restrict a flow of asylum seekers trying to cross into the United States. But the president’s economic team, concerned about the damage from such a move, said it was looking for ways to limit the fallout if Mr. Trump does do so.“Sure, it’s going to have a negative impact on the economy,” Mr. Trump said, adding, “but security is most important.”“Security is more important to me than trade,” he said.Republican lawmakers, economists and business groups largely disagree with that assessment and warned this week that closing the border could cripple the flow of goods and workers and devastate American automakers and farmers, as well as other industries that depend on Mexico for sales and goods.“Closing down the border would have a potentially catastrophic economic impact on our country,” Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, said in an interview. “I would hope that we would not be doing that sort of thing.”Mark Zandi, the chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, said that “a full shutdown of the U.S.-Mexican border of more than several weeks would be the fodder for recessions in both Mexico and the U.S.”Mr. Trump’s economic advisers have briefed him on the potential financial damage from a border shutdown and started looking for ways to mitigate it, including possibly keeping certain trading avenues open.Larry Kudlow, the director of the National Economic Council, said Tuesday in a brief interview that the Trump administration was trying to secure the border without harming the economy.“The question is,” he said, “can we deal with that and not have any economic damage? I think the answer is we can. People are looking at different options.”Mr. Kudlow added that the administration was “looking for ways to allow the freight passage — some people call it truck roads.”“There are ways you can do that, which would ameliorate the breakdown in supply chains,” he said.But business leaders say there is no way to contain the damage from even a partial shutdown of the 2,000-mile border that the United States shares with Mexico. Nearly $1.7 billion of goods and services flow across the border daily, as well as nearly a half-million legal workers, students, shoppers and tourists, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce said Monday.On Tuesday, officials with the chamber called a partial border shutdown “uncharted territory” and said such a policy would have negative economic consequences, particularly for communities along the border.“We don’t know whether that is feasible or not,” said Neil Bradley, the chamber’s executive vice president and chief policy officer.Even if it is possible, a partial shutdown would still cause significant disruptions for industries that are highly integrated across the border, including automobiles, machinery and electronic equipment.“The North American auto industry will be crippled” in a week, Kristin Dziczek, a vice president for the Center for Automotive Research, an industry research group, said in a tweet.Mr. Trump’s pledge to close the border comes in response to what officials with the Department of Homeland Security say is an increase in migrant families who are flooding America’s immigration system, leading to overflowing detention centers and mass releases of migrants.The president told reporters that if Mexico cannot restrict the flow of asylum seekers trying to cross into the United States, and if Congress cannot agree to several immigration restrictions that Mr. Trump has long pushed for, “the border is going to be closed.”While 76,000 migrants crossed the border in February, that number is nowhere near the migration levels seen in the early 2000s. And a majority of the migrants crossing the border now are Central American families looking for asylum, as opposed to Mexican individuals looking for work. Homeland security officials could quickly deport Mexican individuals seeking employment, but, by law, they cannot swiftly deport Central American families or unaccompanied children.Homeland security officials have said they expect the number of crossings to surpass 100,000 this month. And a senior department official said those traveling in and out of ports of entry were already feeling an effect: There was a three-hour wait at the port of entry in Brownsville, Tex., according to the official, and there were around 150 trucks backed up and waiting to cross at Otay Mesa, in California.On Monday, Kirstjen Nielsen, the homeland security secretary, said she would divert up to 750 border patrol officials from ports of entry to areas in between the ports to handle large groups of migrants crossing the border. A senior homeland security official also said the administration could start closing traffic lanes at the ports.“The crisis at our border is worsening,” Ms. Nielsen said, “and D.H.S. will do everything in its power to end it.”Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina and one of Mr. Trump’s external advisers, has been urging the president to ease off the threat. On Tuesday, Mr. Graham portrayed Mr. Trump’s latest broadside as less an eventuality and more a calculated bargaining position.“You are taking a bad problem and, by closing the ports of entry, you are creating another problem,” he said during an interview. “To the extent that he wants to redeploy resources to the points of entry to deal with the ungoverned spaces — that will create economic upheaval, but that will hopefully lead to a solution.”Border activity makes up a relatively larger share of Mexico’s economy than the United States’, meaning Mexico would most likely have more economic damage from a border closing, Mr. Zandi said.But that does not mean the United States would be in a winning position. Communities across the country would probably see supply chain disruptions, product shortages, seizures in stock and bond markets and a plunge in already-fragile business confidence, Mr. Zandi said. The disruption would be especially sharp in the border states of California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas, which all have Mexico as their No. 1 export market.Any closure could have far-ranging implications for a wide range of industries — including automotive, electronics and apparel — that source small components and deliver their products on a just-in-time basis on both sides of the border.It could also be devastating for the agriculture industry. Since the North American Free Trade Agreement began in 1994, American farmers have moved toward specializing in corn, soybeans, chicken, dairy, pork and beef to supply to Mexico, while Mexican farmers have specialized in fresh fruits and vegetables to send to the United States. Any delays in deliveries of these products could lead to near immediate price hikes and empty supermarket shelves, which would hit low-income Mexicans and Americans the hardest.Christin Fernandez, the vice president for communications at the Retail Industry Leaders Association, said that slowing or halting screenings at major ports near the border would lead to product delays and potentially higher shipping costs.“The entire retail ecosystem is sustained on the expectation that America’s retailers can provide consumers with the goods they want and need, when they need it, at the best possible prices,” Ms. Fernandez said. “If our suppliers are feeling the pain, retailers will feel the pain, and, ultimately, it is consumers that will bear the burden.”Stock markets do not appear to be pricing in any risk of a border closure. The S&P 500 was essentially unchanged on Tuesday, and it remains near a six-month high.In recent weeks, politicians have offered a range of proposals that would impose new government restrictions on how companies use stock buybacks and dividends. While the proposals are billed as solutions to promote inclusive economic growth and sound corporate governance, attempts to restrict buybacks and dividends are misguided. They would undermine economic security rather than enhance it.Many companies rely on investments by individuals and institutions, such as pension funds, to finance their operations. Successful companies use this capital to generate profits, which they then deploy to expand, invest in research and development, attract and retain the best talent and invest in their communities. Companies also use profits to pay down debt or return capital to shareholders, via buybacks or dividends. This can make them more attractive to investors, and companies need investors’ confidence and support to flourish.How do companies decide what to do with their profits? Companies are always looking for ways to invest profits to increase their future growth. At some point, they may run out of investment opportunities with enough growth potential to justify an investment. In those cases, companies often decide to use their profits in another way, to buy back shares of the company or to issue dividends. Making it harder for companies to do so could force them to sit on cash or waste it on projects with a low potential for success. This is often not the wisest use of a company’s profits, as it can hurt growth and erode investor confidence.At the same time, returning some profits to shareholders is not necessarily a bad thing, either for the company or for society at large. Some critics of buybacks miss this point: Money returned to shareholders through buybacks and dividends does not disappear from the economy. Individual investors can use it to purchase something they’ve been saving for. The money can be lent to other companies that are hiring and growing. It can be invested in new businesses as seed money for start-ups or financing for emerging technologies. Moreover, it is a myth that buybacks and dividends displace investments that companies would otherwise make to grow or develop innovations. While there was a substantial increase in buybacks and dividends last year, business investment also increased substantially and grew at the fastest rate since 2011. American companies invested nearly $3 trillion in the economy during 2018, including $460 billion in research and development. And the firms doing the largest buybacks are also the ones doing the most capital investment. Among large public companies, those that repurchased stock in the first three quarters of 2018 tended to engage in more capital expenditures and research and development investment than those electing not to do buybacks, according to our analysis of Securities and Exchange Commission filings of companies in the S & P 500.Not only do buybacks and dividends support a stronger and more dynamic economy, they also contribute to Americans’ retirement security. According to the Federal Reserve, the majority of American households have direct or indirect ownership of corporate stock through pensions, retirement accounts or investment accounts. Similarly, stocks are owned by thousands of pension funds and mutual funds, and millions of Americans benefit from asset price increases or when shares in those funds receive a dividend.Of course buybacks, like other methods of raising and allocating capital, can be abused, as is the case when companies may attempt to artificially inflate their stock prices in the short term by buying back shares. To avoid such abuses, public companies should have strong corporate governance practices guiding how the decisions about stock buybacks and dividends are made, to ensure they are made with the long-term interests in mind.By contrast, imposing federal limitations on how companies decide to use their capital would stifle innovation and opportunity in America. Recent proposals to restrict buybacks and dividends, while presumably made with the laudable intent of increasing wages and capital investment, will only make it more difficult to achieve sustained and inclusive economic growth in the United States.Joshua Bolten is president and chief executive of Business Roundtable. Ken Bertsch is executive director of the Council of Institutional Investors.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.For the past 60 years, Cuba has been unable to finance its imports with its own exports and generate appropriate, sustainable growth without substantial aid and subsidies from a foreign nation. This is the longstanding legacy of Cuba’s socialist economy.The island’s economic dependence began with Spain in the colonial era, continued with the United States during the first republic and expanded significantly with the Soviet Union and, finally, with Venezuela in the current century.Between 1960 and 1990, the Soviet Union gave Cuba $65 billion (triple the total amount of aid that President John Kennedy’s Alliance for Progress gave Latin America). At its peak in 2012, Venezuelan aid, subsidies and investment amounted to $14 billion, or close to 12 percent of the gross domestic product. And yet, despite the staggering foreign aid subsidies it has received, the economy’s performance has been dismal.In the past seven years, growth has been a third of the officially set figure needed for adequate and sustainable growth, while investment has been one third of the required rate. Industrial, mining and sugar production are well below 1989 levels, and the production of 11 out of 13 key agricultural and fishing products has declined. Cuba is now facing its worst economic crisis since the 1990s.Tourism has been a bright spot for Cuba. From 2007 to 2017, visitors to the island doubled, largely thanks to the arrival of more Americans, whose numbers grew considerably after President Barack Obama eased diplomatic relations in 2015. But Hurricane Irma and the tightening of travel restrictions by President Trump (like barring American tourists from using hotels and restaurants run by Cuba’s military) and the alert declared by the administration after the sonic attacks on United States diplomats in Havana led to a drop in tourism during the end of 2017 and the first half of 2018. Tourism rebounded in September, driven by a cruise industry that offers customers lodging, meals and tours. Those visitors spend about 14 percent of what those arriving by air spend.Since the revolution, Cuba has run a large annual fiscal deficit in its merchandise trade. But since the start of the century, it has benefited from a surplus on the services balance because of the growth in exports of medical and teaching services sold mainly to Venezuela. This surplus exceeded the deficit in the merchandise trade. But as Venezuela’s economy weakened, the Cuban surplus decreased drastically. In addition, Venezuela’s oil supply halved, and overall trade fell by 27 percent.Cuba’s woes are a result of the inefficient economic model of centralized planning, state enterprises and agricultural collectivization its leaders have pursued despite the failure of these models worldwide. In his decade in power, President Raúl Castro tried to face his brother Fidel’s legacy of economic disaster head on by enacting a series of market-oriented economic structural reforms. He also opened the door to foreign investment, but so far, the amount materialized has been one-fifth of the goal set by the leadership for sustainable development.Unfortunately, the pace of reforms has been slow and subject to many restrictions, disincentives and taxes that have impeded the advance of the private economy and desperately needed growth. It is time to abandon this failed model and shift to a more successful one as in China and Vietnam.In 2018, Miguel Díaz-Canel, the first of a new generation of leaders born after the revolution, took office. Trapped by Mr. Castro’s program, he has promised “continuity.” The new Constitution, approved on Feb. 24 through a referendum, doesn’t introduce any significant change to its prevailing model of centralized planning and state dominance over the means of production and land.The only way out of the hole for Cuba would be to accelerate and deepen reforms. China and Vietnam’s market socialism model under Communist Party rule could provide a way forward. But opposition persists from the old guard, who are now well into their 80s but still hold key positions in the party and in the government.Poor agricultural production, the result of collectivized agriculture, causes the island to spend $1.5 billion a year on food imports. As part of his agrarian reform, Mr. Castro began leasing fallow state-owned land to farmers through 10-year contracts — now increased to 20 years — that may be canceled or renewed depending on the farms performance. Farmers must sell most of their crops to the government at prices set by the state, which are below market prices. The Chinese and Vietnamese reforms granted farmers land for 50 years or for an indefinite period of time and allowed the farmers to sell their products to whomever they wanted, at prices set by supply and demand. In a few years both countries achieved food self-sufficiency and exported the surplus, particularly Vietnam, which sells Cuba 250,000 tons of rice annually that could be produced domestically. If Cuba were to introduce this type of reform, it would solve the chronic food shortage while eliminating imports.Around 13 percent of the country’s work force is self-employed. It generates 12 percent of the G.D.P., through activities like providing lodging and dining services to foreign tourists. But the government has imposed serious restrictions and suspended certain types of licenses, and businesses are taxed according to the number of employees they hire. The ideological reasoning behind these absurd limitations are to avoid a concentration of property and wealth. Conversely, China and Vietnam recognized that the private sector is an important driver of growth.If reform is carried out and foreign investors are allowed to hire and pay a full salary directly to their employees, there will be a significant improvement in the economy and the government can undertake the desperately needed monetary unification that will attract more investment and eliminate the economic distortions that plague the economy.Carmelo Mesa-Lago is a professor emeritus of economics and Latin American studies at the University of Pittsburgh. He has published some 45 books on Cuba, most recently “Voices of Change in Cuba.”The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.LONDON — Brexit may be postponed once again this week, perhaps by as much as a year. The British economy, though, will remain a prisoner of a confidence-sapping uncertainty.British Prime Minister Theresa May will ask for an extension to the April 12 Brexit date in an effort to find agreement among lawmakers on what a deal should look like. The EU is more inclined to grant a longer extension to make sure Britain has the time to sort out its political impasse.While an extension reduces the likelihood of a 'no-deal' Brexit, which would see the country crash out of the EU on Friday with likely painful economic consequences, it prolongs the uncertainty for businesses.That uncertainty has led a drop in businesses investments, foreign investment, and consumer spending.Good Wednesday. (Want this by email? Sign up here.)A delicate moment for the global economyA lackluster start of the year for the global economy has prompted the International Monetary Fund to downgrade its predictions for growth in the coming months, the WSJ reports.• “The I.M.F.’s latest economic forecasts cut the outlook for growth in 2019 to 3.3 percent from estimates of 3.5 percent in January and 3.7 percent in October. The decline has been broadly felt, with all major advanced economies, including the U.S., and most major emerging-market economies seeing deterioration in their outlook.”• The I.M.F. pointed to “trade tensions and tariff hikes between the United States and China, a decline in business confidence, a tightening of financial conditions, and higher policy uncertainty across many economies” as reasons for the slowdown.Don’t panic. As Daniel Moss of Bloomberg Opinion points out, the numbers aren’t so bad:• “Yes, it’s a cut. But not a dramatic one. These numbers are a ways from one I.M.F. definition of recession, 2.5 percent, and miles from the contraction recorded in 2009.”• “It’s entirely possible the world economy muddles through this year. It might be messy, and there will be regional divergences aplenty. The economy may not feel great, particularly depending on where you are. That doesn’t mean it’s terrible.”New charges in college admissions scandalFederal prosecutors unveiled new money-laundering charges against 16 parents in the college bribery case, including the actress Lori Loughlin, the former TPG executive Bill McGlashan and the former Pimco C.E.O. Douglas Hodge.The new charges carry tougher penalties than the first wave of accusations of mail and wire fraud. The original charges command a fine of at least $250,000, while money laundering involves fines of $500,000 or twice the value of the property involved.Some legal experts think jail time is possible for these defendants. Duncan Levin, a former federal prosecutor, told the WaPo that money-laundering charges are “one of the most powerful weapons” that the Justice Department can wield in court, and can lead to much longer sentences than simpler fraud charges.The new charges may be an attempt to force cooperation, legal commentators added. Some defendants, including the actress Felicity Huffman and the onetime corporate lawyer Gordon Caplan, said this week that they would plead guilty to the lesser wire fraud charges. They haven’t been charged with money laundering.Mr. McGlashan still plans to fight. The financier is accused of paying $50,000 to cheat on his son’s ACT and agreeing to pay $250,000 to help get him into U.S.C. But a lawyer for Mr. McGlashan said, “The prosecutor’s case against Mr. McGlashan is deeply flawed and ignores important exculpatory facts.”Data-grabbing tricks face scrutinyLawmakers on both sides of the Atlantic are clamping down on misleading tactics used by some major tech companies to gain data from users.• Facebook will change its terms of service after bowing to pressure from the European Commission. The company “will spell out for users how the social-media platform makes money by using their personal information to sell targeted advertising, and clarify that it can be held liable for misuse of such data,” the WSJ reports.• American lawmakers are scrutinizing how users are coaxed into handing over data. So-called dark patterns, like user-interface designs that encourage people to share data that they may otherwise have kept private, are the focus of a new bill introduced by Senators Mark Warner and Deb Fischer.“For years, social media platforms have been relying on all sorts of tricks and tools to convince users to hand over their personal data without really understanding what they are consenting to,” Mr. Warner said in a statement.“Our goal is simple: to instill a little transparency in what remains a very opaque market and ensure that consumers are able to make more informed choices about how and when to share their personal information.”These are the latest efforts to regulate Big Tech, part of a campaign that is gathering pace among lawmakers around the world.U.K. wants to delay Brexit. The E.U. may play hardball.Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain is in Brussels again today for a summit meeting with European leaders, where she will seek an extension to the troubled Brexit process. She’s unlikely to get exactly what she wants.Mrs. May went on a “begging tour,” in the words of the German publication Der Spiegel. She visited Berlin and Paris yesterday to plead with national leaders to grant her more time to salvage her faltering withdrawal plans, Stephen Castle of the NYT explains.Mrs. May wants to delay Brexit until June 30. But that would require her to get a deal through Parliament quickly, which seems unlikely. If she can’t secure an extension, Britain would crash out of the bloc without a deal on Friday.The E.U. is open to a longer postponement. The European Council president, Donald Tusk, is said to prefer an extension as long as a year, Bloomberg reports — with the option of an early exit if the British government ends its deadlock. (France reportedly wants such an extension to carry strict conditions.)The hope for a longer extension is that a deadlock could be broken by any of these events happening by the end of the year:• Parliament approving a deal.• A general election.• A second referendum.• A new prime minister.More: How London banks are trying to dodge Brexit. White House weighs in on Trump’s tax returnsTreasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told House lawmakers yesterday that his department had discussed the potential release of President Trump’s tax returns with White House lawyers.It was the first public acknowledgment that such discussions have taken place. Mr. Mnuchin, whose department oversees the I.R.S., will have a role in deciding whether to honor Democrats’ request for the president’s tax returns.The Treasury secretary said that he hadn’t personally spoken with anyone from the White House, and that the discussions so far had been “informational.” He added that he had not been briefed on the talks otherwise.Democrats have demanded the returns under a legal statute that they say gives them a right to the information. Mr. Trump and his staff have said they will fight the request.Mr. Mnuchin deflected questions on how he will proceed. He told lawmakers that he wouldn’t let politics interfere with his decision, but added that Mr. Trump had a right to privacy.Democrats were angry. “I think the fact that there was any communication with the White House about this is deeply troubling and certainly violates the spirit of the law, if not the letter of the law,” Representative Carolyn Maloney of New York said.Bank of America raises its minimum wage to $20 an hourThe firm said yesterday that it planned to raise its minimum wage over the next two years — just a day before its C.E.O., Brian Moynihan, is set to testify alongside other banking chiefs on Capitol Hill, Emily Flitter of the NYT reports.• Mr. Moynihan said yesterday that Bank of America’s lowest-paid employees would earn $17 an hour starting next month. That will gradually tick up to $20 an hour.• “It was another example of how big banks are trying to deal with shifting political winds in Washington, where they face new scrutiny under the Democrats, who now control the House of Representatives,” Ms. Flitter writes.• Mr. Moynihan and the C.E.O.s of JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs and other banks are scheduled to testify before the House Financial Services Committee this morning.• “The banks’ leaders must explain to progressive representatives like Maxine Waters of California and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York why they are paid more than 700 times what low-wage workers, including some tellers in their branches, earn each year.”• They will also be asked about diversity, fair lending and the financial services industry’s ties to gun makers.You can watch the hearing here at 9 a.m. Eastern.Revolving doorMagic Johnson unexpectedly resigned as the L.A. Lakers’ president after the team failed to make the N.B.A. playoffs.UBS reportedly fired James Boland, who had led its leveraged-finance group in the Americas, for not telling his bosses that his team had altered the terms of a leveraged buyout bond.The speed readDeals• Saudi Aramco raised $12 billion from its bond sale after receiving huge demand from investors. Its debt is cheaper than the Saudi government’s. (Bloomberg)• Uber reportedly hopes to raise about $10 billion from its I.P.O. (Bloomberg)• Wynn Resorts has ended talks to buy Crown Resorts for $7.1 billion. (FT)• AT&T reportedly discussed selling HBO’s European operations to pay down its $170 billion debt. (FT)• Investors are reportedly buying shares of Slack on private markets at a $14 billion valuation, more than twice the company’s last fund-raising round. (Bloomberg)Politics and policy• House Democrats postponed a vote on a budget measure that would increase spending after opposition from both the party’s liberal wing and fiscal hawks. (NYT)• President Trump plans to issue executive orders that would speed up the building of oil and gas pipelines and make it harder for state regulators to interfere. (WaPo)• Lawmakers are pushing a bipartisan bill that would prevent the I.R.S. from offering its own free tax-filing software. (ProPublica)• Attorney General William Barr said that he planned to release a redacted version of the Mueller report “within a week.” (NYT)Boeing• Demand for 737 jets in the first quarter fell 74 percent from the same time last year. (NYT)• Aviation regulators from China and Europe have joined the F.A.A. panel reviewing the safety of the 737 Max 8. (Axios)Trade• The Trump administration said that a plan to impose tariffs on $11 billion worth of E.U. imports was not an attempt to shape a trade deal. (WSJ)• In the past, the E.U. hasn’t worried about China too much as a threat. But at a summit meeting yesterday, that had clearly changed. (NYT)Tech• Microsoft has worked with a Chinese military-run university on A.I. research, some of which could be used for surveillance. (FT)• YouTube had to shut down commenting on the livestream of a House Judiciary Committee hearing on white nationalism after it was overrun by racist comments. (CNBC)• Goldman Sachs is shutting down an in-house email app, in a sign that it’s refocusing how it uses its engineering team. (Business Insider)• Qualcomm is building its own A.I. chips in a bid to compete against Intel and Nvidia. (Reuters)• Malware that was used to disable the safety systems of a petrochemical plant in Saudi Arabia has been used to compromise a second, unnamed industrial facility. (TechCrunch)Best of the rest• Standard Chartered agreed to pay $1.1 billion to settle allegations by the authorities in the U.S. and Britain that it violated money-laundering laws and economic sanctions. (NYT)• PG&E is one of three utilities that failed to protect against cyber and physical attacks, federal regulators said. (WSJ)• Federal officials dismantled a $1.2 billion Medicare fraud scheme that spanned continents and ensnared hundreds of thousands of elderly and disabled patients. (NYT)• JetBlue is expected to begin trans-Atlantic flights. (CNBC)• A former lawyer for SeaWorld Entertainment has pleaded guilty to insider trading. (WSJ)• The Rhine, Germany’s most important shipping route, could again become too shallow for ships to traverse this summer. (Bloomberg)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you tomorrow.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com.CANBERRA, Australia — Australia's prime minister on Thursday called a May 18 election that will be fought on issues including climate change, asylum seekers and economic management."We live in the best country in the world," Prime Minister Scott Morrison told reporters after advising the governor-general to authorize the election."But to secure your future, the road ahead depends on a strong economy. And that's why there is so much at stake at this election," he added.Morrison's conservative coalition is seeking a third three-year term. But Morrison is the third prime minister to lead a divided government in that time and only took the helm in late August.Opinion polls suggest his reign will become one of the shortest in the 118-year history of Australian prime ministers on election day. The polls suggest center-left opposition leader Bill Shorten will become the eighth prime minister since the country plunged into an extraordinary period of political instability in 2007.The election pits Shorten, a former labor union leader who has presented himself as the alternative prime minister for the past six years, and Morrison, a leader who the Australian public is still getting to know.Shorten said in his first news conference since the election was called that his government will take "real action on climate change" and reduce inequality in Australian society if his Labor Party wins power."Australians face a real and vital choice at this election. Do you want Labor's energy, versus the government's tiredness? Labor's focus on the future, versus being stuck in the past?" Shorten said.Morrison is seen as the architect of Australia's tough refugee policy that has all but stopped the people-smuggling traffic of boats from Southeast Asian ports since 2014. The policy has been condemned by human rights groups as an abrogation of Australia's responsibilities as a signatory to the United Nations Refugee Convention.Morrison's first job in Prime Minister Tony Abbott's newly elected coalition government in 2013 was as minister for immigration and border protection. He oversaw the secretive military-run Operation Sovereign Borders.Asylum seekers from the Middle East, Africa and Asia would typically disable or sink their boats when intercepted by patrol ships in waters north of Australia so that the Australian crews would have to rescue them rather than turn the boats away. Under the new regime, the asylum seekers were placed in motorized life boats that were towed back to Indonesia. The life boats had just enough fuel to reach the Indonesian coast. The Indonesian government complained the policy was an affront to Indonesian sovereignty.The government has also maintained a policy adopted in the final months of a Labor government in 2013 of sending boat arrivals to camps on the Pacific island nations of Papua New Guinea and Nauru. Those who attempt to reach Australia by boat are told they will never be allowed to settle there.Morrison remains proud of virtually stopping people-smuggler boat traffic. He has a trophy shaped like a people-smuggler's boat in his office inscribed with "I Stopped These."Labor has promised to maintain the policy of banishing boat arrivals to the islands. But Labor says it would give priority to finding permanent homes for the asylum seekers who have languished in island camps for years.The conservative coalition argues that the boats would start coming again because a Labor government would soften the regime. The government introduced temporary protection visas for boat arrivals so that refugees face potential deportation every three years if the circumstances that they fled in their homelands improve. Labor would give refugees permanent visas so that they have the certainty to plan their lives.Climate change policy is a political battlefield in a country that is the world's largest exporter of coal and liquefied natural gas and has been one of the world's worst greenhouse gas emitters on a per capita basis because of its heavily reliance on coal-fired power generation.Disagreement over energy policy has been a factor in the last six changes of prime minister.Labor Prime Minister Julia Gillard introduced a carbon tax in 2012. Conservative Prime Minister Tony Abbott scrapped it two years later.The coalition is torn between lawmakers who want polluters to pay for their greenhouse gas emissions and those who reject any measures that would increase household power bills.The government aims to reduce Australian greenhouse gas emissions by 26% to 28% below 2005 levels by 2030.Labor has promised a more ambitious target of a 45% reduction in the same time frame.Action on climate change was a major priority for votes when conservative Prime Minister John Howard's reign ended after more than 11 years at an election in 2007.Labor Prime Minister Kevin Rudd immediately signed up to the U.N.'s 1997 Kyoto Protocol on reducing emissions. Australia and the United States had been the only industrialized countries to hold out.Climate change dropped down the list of Australian priorities after the global financial crisis hit.But after Australians sweltered through a record hot summer and grappled with devastating drought, global warming has become a high-priority issue for voters again.The government warns that Labor's emissions reduction plan would wreck the economy.The coalition also argues that Labor would further damage the economy with its policy of reducing tax breaks for landlords as real estate prices fall in Australia's largest cities, Sydney and Melbourne.Morrison boasts that the conservative administration Prime Minister Howard led delivered 10 annual surplus budgets and paid off all federal government debt before the government changed at the 2007 election.Rudd had planned a budget surplus in his government's first fiscal year, but the global financial crisis struck.Many economists congratulate Rudd for keeping the Australian economy out of recession through stimulus spending. The coalition has accused Labor of spending too much and sinking Australia too deep in debt,But debt has continued to mount since the conservatives regained the reins in 2013. But opinion polls suggest voters consider the conservatives to be better economic managers.The government brought forward its annual budget blueprint by a month to April 2 and revealed a plan to balance Australia's books in the next fiscal year for the first time in 12 years.Labor also promised to deliver a surplus budget in the year starting July 1, but it has yet to detail how it will achieve this goal.Labor has also promised to spend an additional AU$2.3 billion ($1.6 billion) over four years on covering treatment costs of cancer patients. It's an attractive offer with half Australia's population expected to be diagnosed with some form of the disease in their lifetimes.The conservatives have largely taken credit for Australia's remarkable run of 28 years of economic growth since its last recession under Labor's rule.Morrison hopes that voters will look to him to deliver a sequel to the Howard years when a mining boom delivered ever-increasing budget surpluses.Scammers and cheats are the paradigmatic figures of our age, and not just because a con man is president of the United States. Again and again in recent years, people who’ve scaled the cultural heights have been revealed as audacious frauds. The systems and institutions that confer status in our society keep being exposed as Ponzi schemes. Grift is turning into our central national narrative.There are cons in every period — in the 2000s we had Enron, Bernie Madoff, and James Frey’s pseudo-memoir “A Million Little Pieces.” But there’s something distinct and era-defining about the current crop of high-profile scams. They hinge on the buying, selling and stealing of cultural capital, taking advantage of preconceived ideas of what success looks like. They’re made possible by the ephemerality of an economy where, to quote Ivanka Trump, heiress to a scamming dynasty, “If someone perceives something to be true, it is more important than if it is in fact true.”Elizabeth Holmes, founder of the biotech start-up Theranos, raised hundreds of millions of dollars by styling herself as a beautiful distaff Steve Jobs, a Stanford dropout who promised to disrupt the medical field. She incarnated an unattainably ascetic Silicon Valley ideal; as The New York Times T magazine once described her, “She only pauses in her work to run — seven miles a day.” Elites adored her — Bill Clinton interviewed her on stage at the Clinton Global Initiative in 2015, and Rupert Murdoch and Betsy DeVos invested in Theranos. But her company’s core technology didn’t work, and she’s now facing up to 20 years in prison on fraud and conspiracy charges. Her story is the subject of a best-selling book, a hit podcast and a feature film that’s set to star Jennifer Lawrence. A documentary directed by Alex Gibney premieres on HBO next week.[Listen to “The Argument” podcast every Thursday morning, with Ross Douthat, Michelle Goldberg and David Leonhardt.]The Fyre Festival leveraged the modern malady of FOMO, or fear of missing out. Promoters used supermodels and social media influencers to sell packages that cost as much as $12,000 for what was supposed to be a highly Instagrammable music festival in the Bahamas. Attendees, expecting to show off pictures of themselves living like rock stars, arrived to find what looked like a soggy half-built refugee camp. The festival’s co-founder, Billy McFarland, has since been sentenced to six years in prison by a judge who called him a “serial fraudster.” It’s the subject of two recent documentaries.There are lots more. In a New Yorker piece last month, Dan Mallory, who wrote the best-selling thriller “The Woman in the Window” under the pseudonym A.J. Finn, was revealed to be a charming but highly manipulative fabulist who lied about having a Ph.D. from Oxford, among other things. (His book reportedly has striking similarities to a 1995 Sigourney Weaver movie called, amazingly, “Copycat.”) Anna Delvey — whose real name is Anna Sorokin — posed as a rich woman planning to open a chic arts club and wormed her way into New York society before being indicted for scamming hundreds of thousands of dollars from acquaintances and hotels. Shonda Rhimes is making a Netflix series based on her story.And now, the high-profile fraudster who has captured the country’s attention is William Singer, who masterminded — and then helped the F.B.I. expose — the college cheating scandal that has swept up famous actresses, wealthy executives and athletic coaches.Fittingly, it seems that Singer once aspired to make a reality TV show about the college admissions process, which he called, on a 2010 audition tape obtained by TMZ, a “game.” He recognized that the players aren’t high school students, but rich parents who are competing against their friends. Singer described how parents would call him frantically on Sunday morning, after Saturday night dinner parties where they heard all about the accomplishments of their friends’ kids.Among the many reasons this scandal is so fascinating and so maddening is that it reveals the college admissions process itself as something of a con. Families across the country gear their lives toward a competition to help their children secure a spot in a top college, and hopefully a foothold in the meritocracy. Adolescence becomes, for many, a grind of test-taking and extracurricular activities that leaves kids anxious and exhausted. But poor and middle-class students are playing a game that’s rigged in favor of richer families who wield countless advantages, only the most of extravagant of which are illegal.If they get in to selective colleges, those who aren’t rich often take out giant student loans that will burden them throughout their adulthood. And for what? Education is a priceless thing, but in most cases that’s not really what the elite college competition is about.The point is a very specific kind of exchange. Smart kids get to make connections with kids whose parents bought their way in, helpful since the rich kids are the ones who are likely to end up with power in the wider world. Rich kids learn to act smart. They all get a credential that entitles them to a higher place in the social hierarchy than they might have otherwise. In a highly stratified country, social mobility can be a confidence game.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram. The new jobs numbers reported Friday are not spectacular by the standards of the last couple of years. But they also signify a sigh of relief.A weak job growth number in February had appeared to be the most solid evidence yet that the United States economy was slowing, and perhaps even that the expansion might be near an end. The Labor Department originally reported that employers added a mere 20,000 jobs that month. Even after new revisions, that number came in at only 33,000.The March number — 196,000 positions added last month — makes clear that February was an aberration, not a trend. For all the fluctuations in financial markets and pessimistic commentary at the end of last year, the great American job creation machine is still humming.Over the last six months, the economy has averaged 207,000 new jobs a month, which is actually better than the results in 2017 and only slightly behind the rates of 2018.But even as the numbers give some assurance that the economy isn’t falling off a cliff, there’s nothing in it that will give the Federal Reserve reason to reconsider its approach on interest rates.Average hourly earnings rose only 0.1 percent in March, and are up 3.2 percent over the last year. Inflation is low enough that this represents rising incomes for American workers. But this is hardly the stuff of an inflationary outbreak that the Fed will feel compelled to stop with an increase in interest rates.The Fed, which has decided to put off rate increases indefinitely, has become increasingly comfortable with a tight labor market and jobless rates that, in the past, it would have viewed as a precursor to overheating. With the March rate at 3.8 percent, the jobless rate has been at 4 percent or lower for a full year.The stable unemployment rate in March masked negative trends in the share of Americans looking for work. The labor force participation rate fell by 0.2 of a percentage point, and the ratio of the adult population working fell by 0.1 percent.That is probably a statistical aberration, but taken at face value it implies that the progress toward pulling more Americans into the work force has not been as consistent and compelling as it had seemed.Combined with other significant data points — like surveys of business activity and retail sales — the latest readings on the labor market support the idea that this is a resilient economy. In December, a sharp sell-off in the stock market coincided with a rise in pessimism in surveys of business leaders.The report is a reminder that even if growth slows in 2019, which forecasters expect, a slowdown is not the same as a recession, and certainly not the same as a collapse. So far, the ominous signs about the economy — such as longer-term interest rates falling below some short-term rates, and weak reports on retail sales in December and on the labor market in February — are not reasons to panic.In other words, as long as employers ignore the latest fluctuations in financial markets and make their hiring and investment decisions based on demand for their products (which is strong) and availability of credit (which is easy), this expansion should have room to run yet.President Trump, you surely could not have wanted your partial government shutdown, your tariffs, your corporate tax cuts and your war on undocumented immigrants to hobble economic growth and to hurt farmers, factory workers, airline passengers, government contractors, retailers, Coast Guard members and F.B.I. agents. But the economy can take only so many bad policies.A $19.4 trillion economy is losing momentum as fast as your approval ratings. Growth is slowing down in spite of a $1.5 trillion tax cut that is blowing up the deficit while helping companies like Goldman Sachs, which earned $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter, thanks in part to a $467 million tax benefit. Government workers have already missed an average of $5,000 in pay because of the shutdown. These unpaid federal employees may represent only 0.53 percent of all payrolls, according to the economist Ian Shepherdson, but because these employees have above-average earnings, the harm to the economy is greater than that proportion might suggest. Presumably, they’ll get back those wages at some point. Even then, some of those earnings will have to go to pay late fees on credit card and mortgage bills that are piling up. None of that money, though, will compensate for restaurant meals not eaten; movies not seen; Frappuccinos not sipped; or supermarket runs not made, at least not by Coast Guard members who are heading to food banks instead. Those sales, and sales taxes, are lost forever.The shutdown is also aggravating damage you’ve already caused. You must have thought your audience was just a bunch of hayseeds when you told the American Farm Bureau Federation this week that “we’re setting records together for farmers and for agriculture.” Farmers are losing sales to China, Mexico, Canada and elsewhere because of your trade policy. They’ve lost customers who may never return. And now, because of the shutdown, they can’t get services ranging from crop financing to vital information about commodity supplies from the Department of Agriculture. Farmers have crucial decisions to make before the spring planting season begins, and the shutdown is keeping them in the dark. And in the red.Will that mean they’ll start buying less machinery, too? The manufacturing sector could be running out of steam. Both the Institute for Supply Management’s manufacturing index and the Empire State manufacturing index, leading indicators of activity in that segment, turned sharply lower amid concerns over tariffs and a slowing Chinese economy. Nor can the steel industry that you tried to protect with tariffs escape market forces. Prices for steel have fallen drastically after the industry first tried to use the tariffs to raise prices. Customers don’t take kindly to being price-gouged, and they adjust their purchases accordingly.Damage from the trade war with China is spreading. China’s economic growth is expected to slow to 6.3 percent this year, the worst in decades, in part because of the Trump tariffs. This means China buys less from every nation. The export-focused German economy slowed last year because of diminished exports to China. Any sluggishness in Germany reverberates around Europe and then ultimately makes it way across the ocean. The World Bank has already taken its global growth estimates down a notch — and the risks are increasing.Even what seemed like sweet news to your supporters in the mining industry has turned sour. The “war on coal is over,” your former Environmental Protection Agency boss said, pulling back pollution regulations that protect our air and our health. He was right; it is over, and coal lost. Production in 2018 is expected to have hit a 39-year low. Utilities, out of concern for expenses more than over the environment, continue to replace their coal-burning plants with cleaner, cheaper gas-burning units, as well as wind and solar generators.Your immigration policies aren’t working out so well for the economy, either. Last year, many business owners, in both high-tech and low-tech areas, complained that they didn’t have enough workers. We need more immigrants, not fewer. Meanwhile, the shutdown is hurting businesses as varied as craft beer and airlines. Brewers can’t get required government approval for new labels. And airline passengers are responding to the growing lines at airports by delaying travel. Once a jet takes off, the potential revenue from an empty seat takes off with it. And doesn't return. Delta reports that it expects flat revenues in the current quarter in part because federal employees are traveling less. Some airports, such as Miami International, have been forced to close terminals temporarily because of a shortage of Transportation Security Administration employees who, understandably enough, have been less than enthusiastic about showing up for work without pay. That, in turn, means fewer hours for the service workers staffing the ticket counters, hauling bags, or maintaining the terminal’s restrooms. Elsewhere in those terminals, lost wage hours can’t be returned to the folks behind the counters at Starbucks, Auntie Anne’s pretzel shops or other stores that populate airports. Most Americans wouldn’t know if Auntie Anne’s sold fewer pretzels in the Miami airport, or if a farmer in Minnesota decided not to plant another 10 acres of wheat because she couldn’t finance it. But all of these millions of individual rational decisions make up our economy, which is being undone by your irrational policies.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.LONDON — Britain will suffer economic damage equivalent to the loss of at least 2-3 years of normal growth between now and the end of 2021 if it leaves the European Union without an exit deal, the International Monetary Fund warned on Tuesday.The world's fifth-biggest economy could quit the EU as soon as Friday, disrupting its ties with the bloc that it joined 46 years ago, if Prime Minister Theresa May cannot agree a delay with EU leaders on Wednesday.The IMF said that even in a relatively orderly no-deal Brexit scenario -- with no delays at borders and minimal financial market turmoil -- the economy would grow 3.5 percent less by the end of 2021 than it would under a smoother Brexit."The increase in trade barriers has an immediate negative impact on UK foreign and domestic demand," the IMF said.The EU economy would suffer too but by much less than Britain, facing an estimated 0.5 percent hit to gross domestic product compared with a smooth Brexit scenario, the IMF said.British exports to the EU and other countries which have trade deals with the bloc would face new tariffs and regulatory barriers if Britain reverted to the World Trade Organisation rules favoured by some Brexit supporters.Supporters of an abrupt Brexit have accused the IMF of making politically motivated forecasts in the past.In its report on Tuesday, the fund said a worse-case no-deal Brexit scenario involving border delays and financial market turmoil would increase the damage to about 4 percent of GDP by 2021.The forecasts took into account the British government's plans not to impose tariffs on most categories of imports in the event of a no-deal Brexit, and also assumed that the Bank of England would cut interest rates.BoE Governor Mark Carney gave broadly similar estimates of the cost of a no-deal Brexit last month, when he said preparations by government and businesses could mitigate only some of the damage of a no-deal Brexit.A spokesman for Britain's finance ministry said the government wanted to leave the EU with a deal but was getting ready for a possible no-deal Brexit.The IMF downgraded its forecast for economic growth in Britain this year to 1.2 percent from a forecast of 1.5 percent it made three months ago, which would be the weakest since 2009.Growth for 2020 was seen picking up to 1.4 percent, but in both years Britain's economy was predicted to grow less than the euro zone, in contrast to before the 2016 Brexit referendum."The downward revisions ... reflect the negative effect of prolonged uncertainty about the Brexit outcome, only partially offset by the positive impact from fiscal stimulus announced in the 2019 budget," the IMF said.The BoE should take a "cautious, data-dependent" approach to monetary policy, it added. (Reporting by David Milliken; Editing by William Schomberg)LONDON — Britain's economy unexpectedly grew in February, helped by clients of manufacturers rushing to stockpile goods ahead of Brexit, official data showed on Wednesday.Gross domestic product grew by 0.2 percent from January, the Office for National Statistics said.Economists taking part in a Reuters poll had expected zero growth.Britain's economy has held up better than many economists expected since the 2016 Brexit referendum although it has slowed ahead of its departure from the European Union and as the world economy loses momentum.The International Monetary Fund said on Tuesday that Britain would grow by 1.2 percent in 2019 -- as long as it avoids the shock of a no-deal Brexit. That would be faster than Germany's 0.8 percent and only a touch slower than France's 1.3 percent.However, Britain still looks set for its weakest growth in a decade this year, according to forecasts from the IMF and the Bank of England which assume a Brexit deal will be done.Prime Minister Theresa May will seek a new delay to Brexit when she meets EU leaders on Wednesday, just two days before Britain is due to leave the bloc without the cushion of a transition deal.Wednesday's data showed that over the three months to February, the economy grew by 0.3 percent, holding at the same pace as in January -- which was revised up from a previous estimate -- and stronger than a forecast of 0.2 percent in the Reuters poll.Manufacturing output jumped by 0.9 percent in February from January, stronger than all forecasts in the Reuters poll and accounting for about half of the overall economic growth rate.The ONS said it seen signs that clients of manufacturers were stockpiling goods to get ahead of any border delays in the event of a no-deal Brexit which was scheduled for March 29 but was subsequently delayed.An ONS official said orders were being brought forward to beat the Brexit schedule, suggesting a likely drag on the numbers for coming months. The statistics office said it could not quantify the impact of stockpiling on the data. Britain's dominant services sector grew by 0.1 percent in monthly terms in February, held back by the 12th fall in a row in the financial services sector - the longest such run on record -- while construction rose by 0.4 percent.There were signs that the slowdown in the global economy was also weighing on Britain's economy.Export volumes fell by 0.4 percent in the three months to February from the three months to November while imports jumped by 6.8 percent.So far, Britain's exporters have shown no sign of being helped by the fall in the value of the pound caused by the 2016 Brexit referendum.The ONS said it could not say whether the increase in imports was driven by pre-Brexit stockpiling.  (Reporting by William Schomberg and Andy Bruce; uk.economics@reuters.com, Tel +44 20 7542 7778)WASHINGTON — The risk that global economic growth could slow more than expected spurred a call on Friday from top finance officials for countries to overcome trade differences and opt for multilateral cooperation and "timely policy action."Policymakers from the Group of 20 industrialized countries are worried that the weakness evident in key economies could spread, especially if elevated trade tensions, such as those between the United States and China, escalate further. "The balance of risks remains skewed to the downside," Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso said at a news conference following a meeting of G20 finance ministers and central bankers. "We recognise the risk that growth prospects might deteriorate if weakening in key economies feed into each other."Aso's remarks dovetail with those of other officials gathered in Washington for the spring meetings of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund, many of whom fret that self-inflicted wounds from protectionist trade policies are to blame for the weakness. The week's proceedings kicked off with another downgrade of global growth estimates from the IMF.Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda emphasised the need for countries to take steps to foster a more dynamic global economy."There was a shared understanding among the G20 members that each country needs to take timely policy action," Kuroda said at the news conference.As the chair country of this year's G20 proceedings, Japan wants to deepen talks on global imbalances - an effort to divert Washington's attention from bilateral trade imbalances and stave off U.S. pressure to negotiate two-way trade deals.German Finance Minister Olaf Scholz, speaking at an event on the sidelines of the meetings in Washington, said the rules-based order of multilateralism is increasingly under threat and leaders must uphold international cooperation.Scholz called on the United States to overcome trade differences with Europe, which erupted again this week when U.S. President Donald Trump threatened to impose tariffs on $11 billion worth of European Union products, including commercial aircraft."I believe this is a matter of principle, it's not just about achieving some short-term economic gain. It's not about the art of the deal," Scholz said in reference to the best-selling business advice book credited to Trump.Scholz's consternation is understandable given the global downshift in growth is most evident at the moment in Europe, where the outlook has been further clouded by the uncertainty over Britain's departure from the European Union.An internal European Central Bank model presented to policymakers on Wednesday indicates euro zone growth was just above 0.2 percent in the first three months of the year and could be somewhat weaker in the second quarter, two sources told Reuters on Friday.IMF FUNDINGThe Trump administration was also at odds with other IMF stakeholders on the need to boost the global lender's resources and update its governance, although it does support extending a portion of the IMF's $254 billion crisis fund.Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin repeated the U.S. opposition to increasing overall funding and shareholding quotas, likely meaning the effort to lift IMF funding and reshuffle voting rights was a dead issue at this week's meetings.The voting quotas were last altered nearly a decade ago."In our view, the IMF currently has ample resources to achieve its mission, and countries also have considerable complementary resources should a crisis emerge," Mnuchin said in a statement for the IMF's steering committee meeting that was posted on the IMF's website on Friday.Without U.S. backing for an update to the IMF's stakeholding weights, there was little prospect for a change at this week's meetings."There is no majority in sight for any changes regarding IMF quotas," a German official said on condition of anonymity.The IMF's last quota increase was agreed in 2010, boosting the shareholding and influence of major emerging markets including China and Brazil.The IMF has current total lending capacity of about $1 trillion, including the New Arrangements to Borrow crisis fund that was greatly expanded in 2009 at the depths of the last financial crisis.That fund is set to expire in November 2022. Mnuchin said it was important for the IMF to maintain sufficient financial resources to respond to potential crises. British finance minister Philip Hammond expressed concern the lack of a funding boost could hamper the IMF's ability to step in to help Venezuela respond to its worsening humanitarian and economic crisis. "This set of meetings is crucial to the debate about IMF quotas and funding for the IMF," Hammond said."We all anticipate that as events unfold in Venezuela, at some point there will be a need for a major programme to support Venezuela. So the UK is very keen to ensure that the IMF in particular is properly funded."Oil-rich Venezuela is embroiled in political and economic turmoil as socialist President Nicolas Maduro battles to retain power in the face of U.S. and Western powers' backing of opposition leader Juan Guaido.IMF and World Bank shareholders, meanwhile, are still undecided on whether to recognise Guaido as the South American nation's leader. (Reporting by David Lawder, David Milliken, Jason Lange, Leika Kihara, Michael Nienaber, Balazs Koranyi and Jan Strupczewski; Writing by Dan Burns; Editing by Paul Simao)The other day I issued a warning about the Chinese economy. It is, I wrote, “emerging as a danger spot in a world economy that really, really doesn’t need this right now.”Unfortunately, the other day was more than 6 years ago. And it’s not just me. Many people have been predicting a China crisis for a long time, and it has kept on not happening.But now China seems to be stumbling again. Is this the moment when all the prophecies of big trouble in big China finally come true? Honestly, I have no idea.On one side, China’s problems are real. On the other, the Chinese government – hindered neither by rigid ideology nor by anything resembling a democratic political process – has repeatedly shown its ability and willingness to do whatever it takes to prop up its economy. It’s really anyone’s guess whether this time will be different, or whether Xi-who-must-be-obeyed can pull out another recovery.But maybe this is another example of Dornbusch’s Law, named after my old teacher Rudi Dornbusch: The crisis takes a much longer time coming than you think, and then it happens much faster than you would have thought. So it seems useful to summarize why people have been worried about China, and why China’s troubles are a problem for the rest of the world.The fundamental problem with the Chinese economy is that it’s highly unbalanced: It has extremely high levels of investment, seemingly without enough domestic consumption to justify that investment. You might be tempted to say this doesn’t matter, that China can just export its surplus production to other countries. But while there was a period from the mid-2000s to the early 2010s when China ran huge trade surpluses, those days are past.Figure 1 shows Chinese investment (left scale) and its current account balance (a broad measure of the trade balance, right scale), both as percentages of GDP. That investment number is huge by anyone’s standards; it’s hard to see how companies can avoid running into strongly diminishing returns.It’s true that very high investment can be sustained for a long time in a rapidly growing economy (the so-called accelerator effect.) And China has indeed achieved incredible growth. But the potential for future growth is falling, for a couple of reasons. One is that as Chinese technology converges on that of advanced countries, the room for rapid improvement through borrowing declines. The other is that China’s one-child policy has produced demography that looks a lot like Europe or Japan. Figure 2 shows China’s working-age population, which has stopped growing.So China really can’t keep investing 40-plus percent of GDP. It needs to shift over to higher consumption, which it could do by returning more profits from state-owned enterprises to the public, strengthening the social safety net, and so on. But it keeps not doing that.Instead, the Chinese government has been piling on loans to businesses and state-owned enterprises, pushing the SOEs to spend more, and so on. Basically it has kept investment going despite low returns. Yet this process has to have some limits – and when it hits the (great) wall, it’s hard to see how consumption can rise fast enough to take up the slack.However, if this sounds like a compelling case, bear in mind that it’s the same case I and others made in 2011. So apply appropriate skepticism.What are the global consequences if China does get into trouble? The important thing to realize here is that China no longer runs huge trade surpluses with the world as a whole (the U.S. bilateral deficit is exceptional and deceptive.) And as a result China has become a major market. Figure 3 shows China’s imports from other countries as a percentage of world GDP; they’ve gotten quite big. For another perspective, in 2017 Chinese imports were $2.2 trillion, compared with $2.9 trillion for the US; they’re almost as much of a locomotive for the world economy as we are.ImageFigure 3CreditWorld Bank, IMFWhat this means is that a Chinese stumble would hit the world economy pretty hard, with special damage to commodity exporters (including U.S. farmers).In other words, there are scary things out there besides Trump and Brexit.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.WASHINGTON — A bigger-than-expected slowdown in China's economy is among key risks to global growth, International Monetary Fund Deputy Managing Director Mitsuhiro Furusawa warned, as G20 finance leaders gather to discuss a darkening world economic outlook.Furusawa said China's slowdown so far has been moderate and Beijing has the necessary tools to underpin growth, helping keep Asia a key driver of the global economy.But he warned that uncertainty over China's growth outlook was among risks to the global economy, as well as the chance of an abrupt tightening of market conditions if Sino-U.S. trade talks take an unexpected turn for the worse."One would be the trade friction, which is weighing not just on trade volume but investment," Furusawa said on risks to the global outlook. "If China's economy slows more than expected, that's also a risk to the global economy," he told Reuters on Wednesday.Trade frictions and China's slowdown are among factors finance leaders of the Group of 20 major economies will discuss when they meet this week on the sidelines of the IMF meetings.China's economy expanded at a 6.6 percent rate last year, the slowest rate of expansion since 1990, stoking concern that slumping demand in the world's second-largest economy could prolong weaknesses in global growth.The IMF expects China's growth to slow further to 6.3 percent this year, though the forecast was an upgrade from its projection made three months ago.Furusawa said China should not lose sight of the need to undertake structural reforms to address problems like excess capacity and rising debt, even as it seeks to spur growth with short-term stimulus measures."That's a crucial point and Chinese authorities understand this well," he said. "It's undesirable for China, or any other country, to keep relying on stimulus measures for too long. You need structural reform to strengthen economic fundamentals."Furusawa said the decisions by U.S. and European central banks to pause in their efforts to normalise monetary policy were desirable not just for Asia but for the entire world economy given weakening growth.But he said central banks should not be the only game in town when aiming for sustainable economic growth."Given current conditions, we support the current accommodative monetary policy stance," said Furusawa, a former top Japanese currency diplomat."That said, monetary easing must remain data dependent and be well communicated. Countries need to undertake necessary structural reforms that will help them achieve sustainable growth," he added. (Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Andrea Ricci)TOKYO — Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Monday the country's economy was expected to continue expanding moderately, although exports and output could feel the pinch from slowing overseas demand.He also said Japan's financial system remained stable."Core consumer inflation is expected to gradually accelerate toward 2 percent as the output gap remains positive, and medium- to long-term inflation expectations heighten," Kuroda said in a speech at a quarterly meeting of the central bank's regional branch managers.Under a policy dubbed yield curve control, the BOJ guides short-term interest rates at minus 0.1 percent and the 10-year government bond yield around zero percent in an effort to achieve its 2 percent inflation target. (Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Chris Gallagher)WASHINGTON — The partial government shutdown is inflicting far greater damage on the United States economy than previously estimated, the White House acknowledged on Tuesday, as President Trump’s economists doubled projections of how much economic growth is being lost each week the standoff with Democrats continues.The revised estimates from the Council of Economic Advisers show that the shutdown, now in its fourth week, is beginning to have real economic consequences. The analysis, and other projections from outside the White House, suggests that the shutdown has already weighed significantly on growth and could ultimately push the United States economy into a contraction.While Vice President Mike Pence previously played down the shutdown’s effects amid a “roaring” economy, White House officials are now cautioning Mr. Trump about the toll it could take on a sustained economic expansion. Mr. Trump, who has hitched his political success to the economy, also faces other economic headwinds, including slowing global growth, a trade war with China and the waning effects of a $1.5 trillion tax cut.To blunt the shutdown’s effects, the administration on Tuesday called tens of thousands of employees back to work, without pay, to process tax returns, ensure flight safety and inspect food and drugs. But some people involved in the shutdown discussions in the White House have privately said they anticipate that Mr. Trump will grow anxious about the economic impact in the coming days, accelerating an end to the stalemate. Others close to the president believe Mr. Trump has leverage and are encouraging him to stand by his demands.For now, the White House shows no signs of being ready to relent, and Kevin Hassett, the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, continued to blame Democrats for the economic damage.“Congress needs to look at the harms that we’re talking about,” Mr. Hassett said, “and address them.”Mr. Hassett said on Tuesday that the administration now calculates that the shutdown reduces quarterly economic growth by 0.13 percentage points for every week that it lasts — the cumulative effect of lost work from contractors and furloughed federal employees who are not getting paid and who are investing and spending less as a result. That means that the economy has already lost nearly half a percentage point of growth from the four-week shutdown. (Last year, economic growth for the first quarter totaled 2.2 percent.)Mr. Hassett, attempting to illustrate the pain caused by the shutdown, said on Tuesday that one of his furloughed staff members had begun driving for Uber to make ends meet.Mr. Trump has demanded that Democrats, who control the House of Representatives, include $5.7 billion for a border wall in any measure to fund the government. Democrats have refused and, along with some Republicans, have tried to persuade the president to reopen the government and negotiate border security afterward. The House has passed several bills to fund parts of the government, including the Internal Revenue Service, that are not related to border security. Senate Republicans have declined to schedule votes on those bills.On Tuesday, in an effort to try to splinter the Democrats’ opposition, the White House invited several House Democrats from districts Mr. Trump won to discuss a path forward. None showed up.The impasse has left 800,000 federal employees furloughed or working without pay, along with throwing thousands of government contractors at least temporarily off the job.Mr. Hassett said it was possible that the damage could grow. He also said much of the damage should be repaired once the shutdown ends and workers get back pay. But he acknowledged that the shutdown could permanently reduce growth expectations if businesses and markets begin to expect that Congress and the president will repeat the experience again and again.Some economists have begun to warn that such a situation is likely and that economic confidence could be undermined as businesses, consumers and investors lose faith in the ability of political leaders to find agreement on issues like raising the federal debt limit and approving trade deals.That lack of confidence could snowball into a self-inflicted economic contraction on the heels of what appears to have been the nation’s strongest year of growth since the 2008 financial crisis. Financial markets are already highly volatile amid concerns about the trade fight with China, slowing global growth and signs of weakness in American housing and manufacturing sectors.“The economy could easily stall in the first quarter, and then the question is what happens in the second” if the shutdown persists, said Ian Shepherdson, the chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics. “The longer it goes on, the longer it takes to recover.”If the shutdown continues through the end of March, Mr. Shepherdson said in a research note, he would expect the economy to shrink in the first quarter. While federal workers are likely to receive back pay once the furlough ends, most government contractors will not, and the longer spending is depressed, the higher the risk that the businesses they run or patronize will fail, Mr. Shepherdson said.The shutdown “is threatening to derail this economic expansion,” Bernard Baumohl, the chief global economist for the Economic Outlook Group, said in a research note on Tuesday. Its effect on federal workers’ spending plans is particularly worrisome for the automotive and housing markets, which were already showing signs of trouble before the shutdown, he said.On Tuesday, a Federal Reserve Bank of New York survey showed weakening manufacturing activity in the United States, the latest in a line of similar warnings. Economists at JPMorgan Chase called the data an early indication of additional slowing in the sector, adding that the shutdown was probably hurting business sentiment.Michael L. Corbat, the chief executive of Citigroup, told analysts on Monday that “right now, we see the biggest risk in the global economy as one of talking ourselves into a recession.”With no end in sight, federal workers appear ready to seek alternate employment before things get worse.The online jobs site Indeed analyzed job search behavior from mid-December through mid-January for workers at some affected federal agencies, including the I.R.S. and Transportation Security Administration. It found clicks on job listings rose at least 17 percent for each of those worker groups over that period, a sign that employees affected by the shutdown “are searching for jobs more right now than they usually do at this time of year,” said Martha Gimbel, Indeed’s director of economic research.“With the shutdown occurring in a tight labor market, many workers have other options, and they seem to be trying to take advantage of them,” Ms. Gimbel said. “If the shutdown leads to a loss of talent for the federal government, it could be harder for it to compete for new hires in a labor market this tight.”That might already be happening inside the White House. Mr. Hassett said on Tuesday that a prospective new hire had told the council that he might turn down the job he had been offered out of graduate school because the government is unable to bring him onto the payroll.HONG KONG — For years, no matter what was happening elsewhere, global companies bet billions upon billions of dollars that China’s consumers would keep spending money.Now, just when the world economy could use their financial firepower, they are holding back, worried about the country’s slowing growth, a trade war with the United States and  rising amounts of personal debt.Zhao Zheng, 26, is among the cost-conscious consumers.On Thursday, Mr. Zhao, a real estate agent, was browsing smartphones made by Xiaomi, a Chinese rival to Apple that prices its handsets at a fraction of what the American tech giant charges for iPhones. He said the success in China of Xiaomi and Miniso, a chain of low-cost variety stores, suggested that Chinese consumers were looking to get more for their money.“The economy,” Mr. Zhao said, “is definitely very bad.”A significant pullback could have a big impact on a world looking for engines of growth, on companies that counted on China’s continuing expansion and on global investors who have long viewed Chinese consumers as a steady source of profits.Stock markets stumbled again on Thursday, in part over concerns that American companies and manufacturers are starting to feel the effects from the slowdown in China and the trade war. The S&P 500 sank 2.5 percent, while shares of Apple dropped nearly 10 percent after the company unexpectedly slashed its financial forecast, citing disappointing iPhones sales in the country.The rise of the Chinese consumer is not over yet, and Apple’s disappointing numbers stem in part from the company’s own decisions. But the weakness at Apple followed reams of other data — declining car sales, faltering retail sales, a slumping property market, a tougher job market — that signal Chinese consumers may be losing their once unshakable confidence.The sagging confidence could undermine China’s efforts to redirect its economy and spur growth.The Chinese government hopes consumers will become a greater source of economic growth as the country’s longtime reliance on government-sponsored infrastructure projects and old-line industries like steel and cement pays ever-smaller dividends. In recent years, Beijing has rolled out a huge social safety net, tax breaks and other incentives to get people to spend more of their own money on the trappings of middle-class life.The spending slowdown in China could be a worrying sign for many of America’s biggest companies, too, at a time when their profits and stock prices are under pressure.Greater China — a region that includes mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan — is Apple’s third-largest market after the United States and Europe, accounting for $52 billion in annual sales in the company’s most recent fiscal year. General Motors, through local joint ventures, sells more cars in China than it does in the United States. Eight percent of Procter & Gamble’s total sales in 2017 came from Greater China.Other companies are also feeling the pinch. China’s auto market, the biggest in the world, saw sales fall during the first 11 months of last year. Sales of all smartphones fell by 13 percent in the third quarter of 2018.Chinese consumers continued to spend relatively briskly during other recent slowdowns, and they could still help get the country’s economy back on track. But they have reasons to be reticent now.By many measures, the country’s growth has slowed because of government efforts to wean the economy off a heavy reliance on borrowing as well as other policies that have shaken the confidence of the country’s entrepreneurs.“China is at a turning point in its economy,” said Andrew Collier, the founder of research firm Orient Capital Research. “They’ve basically been on a debt-fueled binge for a decade.” He added, “It’s difficult to turn the ship from industry to consumer at a time of rough waters.”For many people, circumstances have changed.China has too many apartments that home buyers do not want, depressing a property market that is the largest source of wealth for Chinese households. The stock market lost around a quarter of its value in 2018.And although they  have a long way to go to catch up to Americans, Chinese households are laboring under growing amounts of debt. Unorthodox Chinese lenders like the online shadow-banking networks known as peer-to-peer lenders are stumbling, giving consumers fewer places to borrow more.Declining business confidence, rising labor costs and the trade war with the United States also appear to be hurting the job market.China does not disclose reliable unemployment data. But a recent survey by Mr. Collier of job postings, recruitment ads, numbers of applicants on recruitment websites and interviews with corporate managers suggested labor demand had weakened significantly. Hiring demand in import and export industries has been hit especially hard, falling 53 percent in the third quarter compared with a year earlier, the survey found.Against that backdrop, it is not surprising that many consumers are looking for ways to spend less.Wang Xiaochuan, who made about $145,000 a year as a pharmaceutical sales representative in Yantai in 2015, now makes less than a third of that thanks to a tightening of regulations on the drug industry. He has cut back his spending, buying Clarks shoes instead of the more expensive Ecco brand, or Coach goods rather than Louis Vuitton.“I’m hearing a lot more bad news about the economy than good news now,” he said.In a country with an aspirational culture that for decades has encouraged people to get rich, Apple has long held a special place. Having a new iPhone meant its owner had made it. Seven years ago, the release of a new iPhone set off scuffles in front of an Apple store in Beijing.But price increases have put the iPhone beyond the reach of more and more Chinese buyers. An iPhone XR starts at 6,499 yuan, or about $950, just over two and a half months’ worth of disposable income for the average Chinese person.Rumors once circulated about young people selling kidneys to buy an iPhone. Now, the online joke goes, it would cost two kidneys.On the last day of 2018, William Tan, a 30-year-old university teacher in the southern city of Nanning, replaced his iPhone 7 with a phone made by Huawei, the Chinese telecommunications giant. Although the Huawei phone cost more than $700, about a month’s salary for him, it was still more than $200 cheaper than the base iPhone XR. He had used an iPhone 5, 6 and 7. But when his iPhone 7 broke down, he found he could no longer afford the latest iPhone.The Huawei phone, he said, works fairly smoothly and takes better photos than the iPhone.“I won’t choose Apple again at this price range,” he said.Chinese consumers are by no means done with certain discretionary purchases. Spending on movie tickets and services remains strong, economists said.But the consumer slowdown could worsen if Beijing does not address its economic problems.“The question is whether China can stabilize economic growth when it is facing economic headwinds,” said Wei Li, senior China economist at Standard Chartered.“If the labor market does worsen in 2019 or if financial conditions don’t improve, if the stock market remains low, all this could weigh on consumer confidence,” Mr. Li said.Given the uncertainty, many Chinese spenders will most likely continue to scrimp.Wu Yan, a tech company worker who was looking at Xiaomi phones on Thursday afternoon, said he had also tried Apple and Huawei phones and had decided they were not much different from one another. What matters, he said, was the apps, and they work the same from phone to phone.But Mr. Wu, 40, also said many middle-class Chinese people like him had reached a stage where their work was stable, their income was secure and they no longer needed to show off their spending power. His computer at home? It’s four or five years old now, but it still works fine.“Now we spend just to fulfill our needs,” he said.WASHINGTON — The impact of a partial government shutdown began to ripple across the economy as it stretched into Day 17, with mortgage applications delayed, public companies unable to get approval to raise capital and thousands of Secret Service agents expected to show up for work without pay.President Trump and congressional Democrats have made little progress in negotiations to end a shutdown that has affected about 800,000 federal workers, many of whom will miss their first paycheck this week, and who owe a combined $249 million in monthly mortgage payments, according to the online real estate firm Zillow.The shutdown shows no sign of ending soon, with Mr. Trump announcing Monday that he would address the nation on Tuesday evening from the Oval Office to discuss what he called the crisis at the southern border, and the White House saying that he would travel to the border this week as part of his effort to persuade Americans of the need for a wall — the sticking point in negotiations with Democrats.The standoff is beginning to inflict pain on Americans, whose lives are affected, in one way or another, by the federal government. It is already the second-longest shutdown in history, behind the one that started in December 1995 and lasted 21 days.On Monday, the Trump administration moved to soften some of the blow — and prevent taxpayer outrage — by directing the Internal Revenue Service to issue tax refunds during the shutdown, reversing previous policy. While the decision will allow taxpayers to get their money, the I.R.S. workers being called back from furlough to process those refunds will not be paid until the shutdown ends.The effects of a prolonged shutdown have some Wall Street economists predicting a hit to the United States economy. Bank of America Merrill Lynch economists said Monday that it had pushed them to downgrade their estimates for economic growth at the end of 2018 by a 10th of a percent.The ramifications of a prolonged shutdown are beginning to unnerve those both inside and outside the federal government. Some private companies and charities that serve public employees are searching for ways to cushion the impact.The effects extend from the president’s inner circle, to Wall Street to farm country.Virtually every employee with the Secret Service involved in investigations, security and the protective division, which protects Mr. Trump and dozens of other current and former government officials and their families, is required to work during the shutdown. And 6,000 of the organization’s roughly 7,000 employees will not be paid.The same is true at the Securities and Exchange Commission, which has come to a standstill with “only an extremely limited number of staff members available to respond to emergency situations,” according to a shutdown plan posted on the commission’s website.As the effect moves well beyond the nation’s capital, craft brewers cannot get approval from the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau for new beer labels. And the Commerce Department has stopped processing requests from auto suppliers and other manufacturing companies seeking an exemption from Mr. Trump’s metal tariffs, leaving them uncertain over the price they will need to pay for key materials this year.Farmers who planned to apply for subsidies to help mitigate the effect of Mr. Trump’s trade war must wait to get paid until the Agriculture Department’s Farm Service Agency offices reopen. And in neighborhoods across the country, as many as 39,000 federally backed mortgage applications may have already been delayed because of reduced staffing in federal agencies, according to Zillow estimates.The tax refund decision flies in the face of previous shutdown plans — and interpretations of federal law — when the I.R.S. was prohibited from dispensing tax refunds.The earliest I.R.S. statistics from 2018 show that 18 million individual tax returns had been filed by Feb. 2. By that point, the I.R.S. had issued more than six million refunds, totaling $12.6 billion — an average refund of $2,035. The agency issued more than $324 billion in refunds for all of last year.Several nonprofit organizations, including the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, are trying to aid Department of Homeland Security workers who need immediate help with a limited pool of cash and other resources, an officer with the group’s charitable foundation said. The Navy Federal Credit Union is offering no-interest loans to service members who face the prospect of missed paychecks. USAA, though, has drawn criticism from members of the Coast Guard for offering similar loans that charge interest.Secret Service agents are growing increasingly anxious and angry about the shutdown, according to several current and former agents. The Secret Service protects 42 people associated with the Trump White House, 11 more than were given details during the Obama administration. In August 2017, the agency’s new director, Randolph D. Alles, told an interviewer that the sprawling Trump entourage was putting unprecedented strains on his agents, in terms of staffing and budgeting.“They are asking you to put your life on the line and not paying you — it’s ridiculous,” said Donald Mihalek, 49, a 20-year Secret Service veteran whose own retirement paperwork has yet to be processed because of the shutdown.“Morale is a serious issue,” said Mr. Mihalek, who served on the presidential detail during George W. Bush’s and Barack Obama’s administrations. “This is an incredibly stressful job that requires your full attention, and if you are standing there thinking about your mortgage, or your credit card bills, or the fact that you are burning through your savings, you are distracted, you not able to give 100 percent.”Financial enforcement is also suffering. The S.E.C. has about 4,400 full-time employees and during the shutdown is operating with just a few hundred — most of those tasked “to protect life or property.”The constrained operations means pending investigations in securities violations have ground to a halt, and there is no one reviewing applications for company stock offerings to raise cash or consider merger and acquisition filings.Defense and corporate lawyers said meetings with potential witnesses in pending investigations have been canceled, and some companies seeking to raise cash through a stock offering are having to bide their time. Staff lawyers at the S.E.C. are largely prohibited from responding to emails seeking information or guidance.In the past, the S.E.C. had managed to keep operating during government shutdowns by shifting around money in its budget. But the commission, which has been operating under a hiring freeze for more than a year, is not able to do that this time.“When I was there, we always had money to be able to operate for a certain period of time,” said Andrew M. Calamari, a lawyer with Finn Dixon & Herling in Connecticut, who stepped down as the director of the S.E.C.’s New York office in October 2017. “I was there for 17 years, and in my time, we had several shutdowns, and in each case, we continued to operate.”The S.E.C. said in a statement that staff “continues to monitor the asset management space, track market activity and watch for systems issues or other events that could disrupt the fair and orderly operation of the securities markets.”The agency also said it had advised financial filers to request expedited action before the shutdown.But corporate America will now have to wait for the government to reopen in order to move ahead with things like initial public offerings and pending corporate mergers that need approvals from regulators.“I have a client in registration right now for an M.&A. deal, and nothing is going on,” said Marc Leaf, a partner at Drinker Biddle & Reath in New York who used to work for the S.E.C. as an adviser to a commissioner.Mr. Leaf also said so-called secondary stock offerings — which companies often rely on to raise cash — are paused. A dearth of those deals could create financial hardships for midsize public companies that have fewer financial resources to draw upon.“If this it is not solved and goes on for weeks, there will be companies who are really slowed down in the public offering process,” Mr. Leaf said. “There is a lot of basic blocking and tackling that can’t get done, and that will impact a number of issuers.”Deutsche Bank economists warned on Monday that the shutdown could also affect the Federal Reserve’s interest rate decisions by delaying the release of key economic data, like new home sales and durable goods orders. That delay “would significantly impair” economic forecasters’ ability to gauge growth, the economists wrote, and cloud decision-making for Fed officials who have emphasized “data dependence” in their policy decisions.The biggest and most far-reaching effect of the shutdown looms on Feb. 1. Trump administration officials say that funding for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, which provides food benefits for about 40 million people, will run out of cash by the end of the month. The Agriculture Department has not made it clear how long it will be able to fund the program, which costs about $4.7 billion a month, but estimates by anti-hunger groups put the department’s reserves at $3 billion to $5 billion, meaning funding is more likely to completely run out in February or March.Other food assistance programs are facing a more immediate cash crunch. The Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children, known as WIC, has already been cut off, with state funds filling the gap as the shutdown drags on. WIC provides aid to an additional seven million low-income Americans who are considered to be at “nutritional risk.”By now, it’s clear that climate change poses environmental risks beyond anything seen in the modern age. But we’re only starting to come to grips with the potential economic effects.Using increasingly sophisticated modeling, researchers are calculating how each tenth of a degree of global warming is likely to play out in economic terms. Their projections carry large bands of uncertainty, because of the vagaries of human behavior and the remaining questions about how quickly the planet will respond to the buildup of greenhouse gases.A government report in November raised the prospect that a warmer planet could mean a big hit to G.D.P. in the coming decades.And on Thursday, some of the world’s most influential economists called for a tax on carbon emissions in the United States, saying climate change demands “immediate national action.” The last four people to lead the Federal Reserve, 15 former leaders of the White House Council of Economic Advisers, and 27 Nobel laureates signed a letter endorsing a gradually rising carbon tax whose proceeds would be distributed to consumers as “carbon dividends.” The Trump administration has long rejected prescriptions like a carbon tax. But policy debates aside, many of the central economic questions of the decades ahead are, at their core, going to be climate questions. These are some of the big ones.How permanent will the costs be? When we think about the economic damage from a hotter planet, it’s important to remember that not all costs are equivalent, even when the dollar values are similar. There is a big difference between costs that are high but manageable versus those that might come with catastrophic events like food shortages and mass refugee crises. Consider three possible ways that climate change could exact an economic cost: A once-fertile agricultural area experiences hotter weather and drought, causing its crop yields to decrease. A road destroyed by flooding because of rising seas and more frequent hurricanes must be rebuilt. An electrical utility spends hundreds of millions of dollars to build a more efficient power grid because the old one could not withstand extreme weather.The farmland’s yield decline is a permanent loss of the economy’s productive capacity — society is that much poorer, for the indefinite future. It’s worse than what happens in a typical economic downturn. Usually when factories sit idle during a recession, there is a reasonable expectation that they will start cranking again once the economy returns to health.The road rebuilding might be expensive, but at least that money is going to pay people and businesses to do their work. The cost for society over all is that the resources that go to rebuilding the road are not available for something else that might be more valuable. That’s a setback, but it’s not a permanent reduction in economic potential like the less fertile farmland. And in a recession, it might even be a net positive, under the same logic that fiscal stimulus can be beneficial in a downturn.By contrast, new investment in the power grid could yield long-term benefits in energy efficiency and greater reliability. There’s some parallel with military spending. In the 1950s and ’60s, during the Cold War, the United States spent more than 10 percent of G.D.P. on national defense (it’s now below 4 percent).Most of that spending crowded out other forms of economic activity; many houses and cars and washing machines weren’t made because of the resources that instead went to making tanks, bombs and fighter jets. But some of that spending also created long-term benefits for society, like the innovations that led to the internet and to reliable commercial jet aircraft travel.Certain types of efforts to reduce carbon emissions or adapt to climate impacts are likely to generate similar benefits, says Nicholas Stern, chair of the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at the London School of Economics.“You couldn’t provide sea defenses at large scale without very heavy investment, but it’s not investment of the kind that you get from the things that breed technological progress,” Mr. Stern said. “The defensive adaptations don’t carry anything like the dynamism that comes from different ways of doing things.”There is more fertile ground in areas like transportation and infrastructure, he said. Electric cars, instead of those with internal combustion engines, would mean less air pollution in cities, for example. How should we value the future compared with the present?Seeking a baseline to devise environmental regulations, the Obama administration set out to calculate a “social cost of carbon,” the amount of harm each new ton of carbon emissions will cause in decades ahead.At the core of the project were sophisticated efforts to model how a hotter earth will affect thousands of different places. That’s necessary because a low-lying region that already has many hot days a year is likely to face bigger problems, sooner, than a higher-altitude location that currently has a temperate climate.Michael Greenstone, who is now director of the Becker Friedman Institute at the University of Chicago and of the Energy Policy Institute there, as well as a contributor to The Upshot, was part of those efforts. “We’ve divided the world into 25,000 regions and married that with very precise geographic predictions on how the local climate will change,” Mr. Greenstone said. “Just having the raw computing power to be able to analyze this at a more disaggregated level is a big part of it.”But even once you have an estimate of the cost of a hotter climate in future decades, some seemingly small assumptions can drastically alter the social cost of carbon today.Finance uses something called the discount rate to compare future value with present value. What would the promise of a $1,000 payment 10 years from now be worth to you today? Certainly something less than $1,000 — but how much less would depend on what rate you use.Likewise, the cost of carbon emissions varies greatly depending on how you value the well-being of people in future decades — many not born yet, and who may benefit from technologies and wealth we cannot imagine — versus our well-being today.The magic of compounding means that the exact rate matters a great deal when looking at things far in the future. It’s essentially the inverse of observing that a $1,000 investment that compounds at 3 percent a year will be worth about $4,400 in 50 years, whereas one that grows 7 percent per year will be worth more than $29,000.In the Obama administration’s analysis, using a 5 percent discount rate — which would put comparatively little weight on the well-being of future generations — would imply a social cost of $12 (in 2007 dollars) for emitting one metric ton of carbon dioxide. A metric ton is about what would be released as a car burns 113 gallons of gasoline. A 2.5 percent rate would imply a cost of $62, which adds up to hundreds of billions of dollars a year in society-wide costs at recent rates of emissions.The Obama administration settled on a 3 percent discount rate that put the social cost of carbon at $42 per metric ton. The Trump administration has subsequently revised that estimate to between one dollar and seven dollars.That sharp decrease was achieved in part by measuring only the future economic costs to the United States, not factoring in the rest of the world. And the Trump administration analyzed a discount rate of up to 7 percent — a rate at which even costs far into the future become trivial.Mr. Greenstone favors substantially lower discount rates, based on evidence that financial markets also place high value on investments that protect against risk. Understood this way, spending today to reduce carbon emissions tomorrow is like insurance against some of the most costly effects of a hotter planet — and part of the debate is over how much that insurance is really worth, given that the biggest benefits are far in the future. How might climate change fuel inequality?When a government report raises the possibility of a 10 percent hit to G.D.P. as a result of a warming climate, it can be easy to picture everyone’s incomes being reduced by a tenth.In reality there is likely to be enormous variance in the economic impact, depending on where people live and what kind of jobs they have.Low-lying, flood-prone areas are at particularly high risk of becoming unlivable — or at least uninsurable. Certain industries in certain places will be dealt a huge blow, or cease to exist; many ski slopes will turn out to be too warm for regular snow, and the map of global agriculture will shift.Adaptation will probably be easier for the affluent than for the poor. Those who can afford to move to an area with more favorable impacts from a warmer climate presumably will.So the economic implications of climate change include huge shifts in geography, demographics and technology, with each affecting the other.“To look at things in terms of G.D.P. doesn’t really capture what this means to people’s lives,” said William Nordhaus, a Yale economist who pioneered the models on which modern climate economics is based and who won a Nobel for that work. “If you just look at an average of all the things we experience, some in the marketplace and some not in the marketplace, it’s insufficient. The impact is going to be highly diverse.”Can we adapt to a warmer climate?Despite all these risks, it’s important to remember that humanity tends to be remarkably adaptable. A century ago, most people lived without an automobile, a refrigerator, or the possibility of traveling by airplane. A couple of decades before that, almost no one had indoor plumbing.Changes in how people live, and the technology they use, could both mitigate the impact of climate change and ensure that the costs are less about a pure economic loss and more about rewiring the way civilization works.Most capital investments last only a decade or two to begin with; people are constantly rebuilding roads, buildings and other infrastructure. And a warmer climate could, if it plays out slowly enough, merely shift where that reinvestment happens.But a big risk is that the change happens too quickly. Adaptation that might be manageable over a generation could be impossible — and cause mass suffering or death — if it happens over a few years.Imagine major staple food crops being wiped out for a few consecutive years by drought or other extreme weather. Or a large coastal city wiped out in a single extreme storm.“Whether it’s jobs, consumption patterns or residential patterns, if things are changing so fast that we can’t adapt to them, that will be very, very costly,” Mr. Nordhaus said. “We know we can adapt to slow changes. Rapid changes are the ones that would be most damaging and painful.” It’s clear that climate change and its ripple effects are likely to be a defining challenge of the 21st-century economy. But there are wide ranges of possible results that vary based on countless assumptions. We should also recognize that the economic backdrop of society is always changing. Projecting what that will mean for ordinary people is not simply a matter of dollars.“I’ve spent the last 20 years trying to communicate it and it’s not easy to process,” Joseph Aldy, who teaches at Harvard’s Kennedy School for Public Policy, said of the connection between climate change and the economy. “It’s really hard to convey something that is long term and gradual until it’s not.”ISTANBUL — At a recent rally to open the campaign before municipal elections in March, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan was heckled by a group of public workers demanding jobs. But he was having none of it.“Do not expect anything from us,” a visibly angry Mr. Erdogan scolded the upstarts at the rally in the eastern province of Sivas. “I’m not an ordinary politician and do not provoke this meeting.”Other supporters cheered, drowning out the protest. But it was a moment telling of Mr. Erdogan’s vulnerability as ordinary Turks feel the deepening pain of the country’s economic slide for the first time in his 17 years in power.After long unbroken growth, Turkey is entering a recession amid falling investor confidence and a credit crisis. Bankruptcies have increased. Unemployment and inflation have hit double digits. Rising prices, especially at the vegetable markets, have become a national obsession.The widening economic crisis now presents the president’s Justice and Development Party, or A.K.P., with one of the stiffest challenges yet to its important base of support in small towns and cities as the local elections approach.Mr. Erdogan, who remains popular, has led his party’s campaign. But while he may be able to whip some members into line, the economy is unlikely to be so easily moved.The president’s formula of deflecting blame for economic troubles is now being combined with other, more drastic measures — in particular, trying to suppress prices at fruit and vegetable markets as he attempts to maintain his party’s support.Already in election mode, Mr. Erdogan has resorted to well-tested tactics on the campaign trail. He blames rising costs on a foreign conspiracy. He accuses money-grubbing middlemen of extorting customers. He lashes out at opposition politicians for whipping up a fake campaign of economic hardships.“Tomatoes, potatoes, aubergine, green peppers, et cetera,’’ Mr. Erdogan told party election officials this month. ‘‘My siblings, all of this is just a gimmick.”The government had sent out inspectors to keep prices down at the wholesale markets, he said.When the inspectors encountered a hostile reception from the wholesalers, Mr. Erdogan compared their attackers to terrorists.“They attempted to beat up our inspectors. Why? Because they kicked the hornet’s nest,” he said.“If there are those who think they are stronger than the state, they should know that we will finish those who terrorized the wholesale market as soon as possible, as the state finished the terrorists in Cudi, in Gabar, in Tendurek, inside the caves,” he said, in a reference to Turkey’s counterterrorism operations against Kurdish insurgents in southeastern Turkey.“Can we allow our nation to be exploited? We will join hands and God willing will finish this exploitation,” he said.Mr. Erdogan, who won elections last year to a newly powerful presidency, is personally secure. No Turkish politician comes close to matching his popularity.But the municipalities are the base of A.K.P.’s support and are critical to its hold on power and its reputation for being able to provide services, mainly for the urban working class and conservative communities.There, at the local level, indicators show its support to be slipping. The party failed to win a majority in parliamentary elections last year, forcing it to go into a coalition with the Nationalist Movement Party, and it faces a similar test in local elections March 21.Some polls show the party’s popularity hovering just around 30 percent. Even pro-government columnists and insiders are warning that it is losing popularity, blaming corrupt or incompetent local officials.Cevdet Yilmaz, deputy chairman of the A.K.P., denied the party was slipping in the polls at a news briefing last month but admitted that opinion polls showed an exceptionally high number of undecided voters.Nevertheless, Mr. Yilmaz said he was confident that the party would deliver a result equal to the parliamentary election last year.“The A.K. party has strong leadership, political stability in Turkey, and if there are hardships in the economy the right answer is the A.K. party rather than other smaller parties,” he said. “People make realistic assessments of the situation, and I believe the effect of the economy will be marginal in that sense in voter preferences.”Yet there is no doubt that prices — which escalated sharply after the Turkish lira lost more than 25 percent on its value in 2018 — are uppermost in Turks’ minds.Shoppers and traders in Istanbul’s neighborhood markets were reluctant to voice criticism of the government, but the tension over prices was evident. One shopper said her hands were trembling as she handled peppers that have tripled in price in recent weeks.And most interviewed were cleareyed about where the problem of rising prices lay. Storms destroyed greenhouses, ruining much of the green pepper crop this year and causing a shortage.But even before this year, farmers have been struggling as a result of economic policies that neglected agriculture in favor of infrastructure and housing development.“Turkey’s fundamental problem about food prices is the agricultural policy,” said Ahmet Atalik, the head of the Istanbul branch of the Chamber of Agricultural Engineers.The government turned to importing foodstuffs, and as a result, farmers could no longer earn a living, and have steadily abandoned their fields. “They move to the cities, they just quit,” Mr. Atalik said.In the 17 years of Mr. Erdogan’s rule more than 7.4 million acres of farmland, an area roughly the size of Belgium, has been taken out of cultivation. The number of registered farmers has dropped from 2.8 million to 2.1 million in the last 10 years, he said.In a sign of their concern at rising prices, Mr. Erdogan and his cabinet have been swift to intervene to contain the political fallout.“Of course, it even attracted the attention of our president,” Commerce Minister Ruhsar Pekcan said, announcing on television that her ministry had ordered price controls in all 81 provinces. “What is important is that the people at the first level feel it. And we are taking measures about that.”Mr. Erdogan has announced a raft of measures himself, including discounts of 10 percent on household electricity and natural gas bills, which have increased several times in recent months, and similar breaks for small and medium businesses.The government raised the minimum wage a startling 26 percent at the beginning of the year, and floated a new law to remove state commissioners who act as middlemen between farmers and the market.As the election campaign opened, the government set up temporary municipal market stalls to sell fruit and vegetables at cost, rapidly drawing lines of customers. But the approach may entail certain risks.If the government is breaking a monopoly in the markets and introducing competition, then it is doing the right thing and could bring prices down, said Selva Demiralp, professor of economics at Koc University in Istanbul.But if the government is purchasing the vegetables at the same wholesale market and subsidizing the low prices, it will harm the market structure.“The answer is probably somewhere in between,” she said.For now, the subsidized vegetable stalls have eased some of the tension but none of the steps has been enough so far to offset the widespread economic pain.Gulcan Guler, 60, was selling bunches of nettles that she gathered herself in her neighborhood of Fatih. Married to a retired factory worker, she said she had raised five children with her sales of nettles.She said she loved Mr. Erdogan’s party, the A.K.P., but she wanted to ask the president a question.“Now a retired person, or let’s say a worker on the minimum wage, 2,200 lira’’ — or about $413 a month — ‘‘How can he pay his rent, how can they make their living?” she asked.[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]The Jersey Shore, a storied summer vacation spot, has become the newest national battleground over regulating and taxing the internet economy.New Jersey is one of the first big states to adopt a surcharge on short-term rentals — a so-called Airbnb tax. It kicked in Oct. 1 and is causing vacationers to rethink their summer travels and stirring anxiety among the homeowners who rely on them.The fallout over the 11.6 percent tax has inserted New Jersey into a broader debate as states and communities grapple with the explosive growth of the online home-sharing economy. A patchwork framework of local ordinances has failed to keep pace with the rapid rise of Airbnb, the largest home-sharing site, which was valued at $31 billion two years ago and has upended the rental market around the world.Much like Uber’s dominance has caused a regulatory challenge for cities and Amazon’s ascent has prompted states to adopt internet sales taxes, the popularity of Airbnb has begun to push lawmakers to impose new rules even as they find ways to tap the enormous revenue it generates.Massachusetts also recently passed a statewide tax on short-term rentals aimed at Airbnb and other home-sharing sites; a proposal to increase the sales tax on similar rentals has been introduced in Colorado.In New York City, Airbnb and local officials have been at war over efforts to crack down on the industry. A federal judge blocked a law in January that would have required Airbnb to provide detailed information about listings and hosts, and the city recently filed a lawsuit against a group of real estate brokers, accusing them of using Airbnb to illegally rent out dozens of apartments.State and local governments that have moved to rein in Airbnb and other home-sharing sites have set off alarm bells among those whose economic survival is tied to the short-term rental market and who are angry that they are being ensnared by new taxes and regulations.In Massachusetts, critics warn that the new tax will wreak havoc on the state’s vital summer tourism season in places like Cape Cod. The same arguments are being put forth in New Jersey.Vacationers are abandoning long-held traditions and heading elsewhere. Homeowners complain they are having a hard time filling properties when they should be well on their way to being fully booked for summer. And businesses that rely on free-spending summer visitors fear that the rental tax threatens their most important time of year.Susan Hiller said she was heartbroken to be heading to Palm Beach, Fla., with her four daughters and extended family for their annual summer vacation.While the groomed white sand and glassy teal waters of the exclusive locale are a siren song for vacationers, beckoning even President Trump, Ms. Hiller said it is just not the same as the Jersey Shore.“I’ve been going to Ocean City since I was 5 years old and I’m 51,” said Ms. Hiller, who lives outside Philadelphia. “It is truly my most favorite place on earth.”George Triebenbacher, 56, grew up on Long Beach Island in New Jersey and now owns seven properties there that he’s been renting out since 2010. His weekly rates vary — three homes rent for $1,650, three go for $5,500 and a larger home fetches $10,000.In past years, by this point in March, all his homes had typically been reserved for the summer. But this year, about one-fourth of his rental weeks are still available, he said, and some people who had initially reserved are backing out.“People are actually canceling and forgoing deposits to get away from the taxes,” he said. “There’s no question that there’s all kind of upheaval being created by this tax.’’Debbie Mozer, 60, who owns a souvenir shop in Beach Haven, said summertime sales are crucial to her bottom line. “Everything depends on our sales for the summer,” Ms. Mozer said. “This is how we make our living.”The 130-mile long New Jersey coastline is one of the state’s most prized resources. The four Jersey Shore counties accounted for more than $20 billion of the $43 billion spent in New Jersey on tourism in 2017, the most recently available data, according to state officials. When the Trump administration unveiled a plan to drill for oil off the New Jersey coast, opposition to the proposal unified politicians of all stripes, from the progressive Democratic governor, Philip D. Murphy, to a conservative Republican representative, Chris Smith.Passage of the short-term rental tax flew largely under the radar last summer, overshadowed by the battle between Mr. Murphy and Democratic legislative leaders over a different tax — on the wealthy — that nearly shut down the state’s government.But now many along the shore say the rental tax places one of the state’s main summer economic engines in its cross hairs. The 11.6 percent tax applies to all rentals fewer than 90 days, including those made on home-sharing sites or directly between a renter and an owner. The only exceptions are rentals arranged through a Realtor, which are not subject to the tax.John Brennan owns a home on Long Beach Island that he is listing on Airbnb for $2,200 a week. By late winter he said he typically has 70 percent of the season booked. But so far, nothing has been rented. “They can’t just keep taxing us,” he said.Though it has frustrated renters and homeowners, Airbnb frames the tax as official recognition of its legitimacy, putting the company on equal footing with the hotel industry.“Home sharing is bringing economic opportunity to families and businesses in every corner of the Garden State,” Josh Meltzer, who oversees public policy for Airbnb in the Northeast, said in a statement. “We are excited to be able to support core state and local services from Jersey City to the Jersey Shore.’’The controversy over the tax underscores how New Jersey and other states are struggling to ensure that newer e-commerce companies abide by the same rules that apply to more established businesses, said Kim Rueben, a senior fellow at the Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan research group based in Washington.“As person-to-person rental has become a larger part of economy, states and localities are trying to figure out, ‘How do you go about collecting the taxes that are equivalent to what hotels collect?’” Ms. Rueben said. “This is probably something that people were always supposed to pay and they just weren’t collected.”Some homeowners and others on the Jersey Shore are fighting back, forming a group, the NJ Shore Rentals Coalition, to lobby lawmakers and Mr. Murphy to exclude shore rentals from the tax. A bill that would do that has been unveiled in Trenton, though it is unclear if it has enough support to pass.“The vast majority of the Jersey Shore are homes that were rented out long before the sharing culture that’s developed with Airbnb,” said Duane Watlington, vice president of the coalition. “We believe that if the unintended tax is not corrected, there will be less money spent on vacations, further exacerbating the need for tax revenues.”The Murphy administration has signaled that it would consider revising the tax to ease the burden on the Jersey Shore.“The administration stands ready to work with the Legislature to amend the law to more closely mirror the intent of our original budget proposal,” said Jennifer Sciortino, a spokeswoman for the state Treasury Department.Much of the anger around the new tax has come from the Jersey coast, but many short-term rentals are concentrated in northern New Jersey, where visitors to New York City can find cheaper lodging.Of the $133 million earned by Airbnb hosts in the state in 2018, more than half came from the three northern counties closest to New York. The four shore counties accounted for $48 million, though the majority of rentals there are condensed around the three-month summer season.Maria Vitale, who has rented out her home in Lavallette for nearly 10 years, is charging the same weekly price, $2,400, as last year, but said many would-be renters had been turned off by the additional $280 in taxes.“New Jersey people, we’ve been taxed enough,” she said.The tax is taking hold at a time when the coast is still not fully recovered from Hurricane Sandy, Ms. Vitale noted. Still, there are signs of optimism: Her kitchen is being used less, she said, as renters seek out restaurants that have begun to reopen after the devastating 2012 storm.“Knowing what the Jersey Shore went through six-plus years ago,” she said, “I don’t think this is the opportune time to tax them even more.”PUERTO ORDAZ, Venezuela — President Nicolás Maduro of Venezuela drove himself to an ailing iron plant this month to tout its export capacity amid tightening American sanctions.“No one is going to stop us,” he said with his wife by his side as they watched a conveyor belt of iron briquettes at the Guayana Steel Complex. “These are the days of victory!”Two days later, the plant was out of business. It was paralyzed by the crippling national blackout that lasted almost five days and wiped out what little was left of Venezuela’s heavy industry. The blackout, coupled with new American sanctions on Venezuela’s critical oil sector, have pushed the country even closer to total economic collapse.Venezuela’s better-off citizens have tucked into dollar savings to buy portable power generators, imported canned foods and taken respite in hotels and steakhouses. The less fortunate saw a signal of possible respite on Friday with word that the Red Cross would soon undertake an emergency relief campaign in Venezuela.For many people, however, the only palliative to the ever-growing hardships is the hope that the worsening conditions will topple Mr. Maduro.The blackout drained about $1 billion from Venezuela’s gross domestic product, or about 1 percent, according to investment bank Torino Capital. It left a wake of more than 500 looted businesses, at least 40 hospital patients who died and at least a half dozen shuttered factories.Oil production equivalent to the entire output of a small petrostate like Brunei was irretrievably lost to the damage caused to oil fields by the sudden loss of power, according to IPD Latin America, a consultancy.The blackout followed the United States ban in January on any purchases of Venezuelan oil, which only compounded years of mismanagement and corruption under Mr. Maduro and his predecessor, Hugo Chávez.“The sanctions make it almost impossible for the government to buy and import the things they need to run a country,” said Francisco Rodríguez, Torino Capital’s chief economist.Many opposition supporters see the economic pain as a bitter medicine required to get rid of Mr. Maduro. But to the president’s supporters, the sanctions provide a much-needed foil to deflect blame for the economic ills.Still few Venezuelans say they are prepared for the collapse of already dire living conditions if Mr. Maduro survives the onslaught from the new American sanctions, which are just beginning to filter through to the Venezuelan streets.“The crisis will get worse,” said Maria Altagracia Perozo, a pensioner from the working class neighborhood of Caucagüita in Caracas, the capital. “We are told to search for candles, matches and kerosene because there won’t be light.”Faced with shrinking oil revenue and an exodus of technicians, Mr. Maduro has struggled to reestablish basic services since the March 7 blackout, the worst ever. Water supply has been intermittent in most cities and students and state workers have stayed home this week after a fire at an electrical substation led to another blackout.Less than half of Venezuelans said they were against President Trump’s sanctions against the Venezuelan oil industry, according to a survey by the country’s leading pollster, Datanalisis, in early March. It was a surprisingly low share given the direct impact of the sanctions on living standards.“If I have to sacrifice a month to live without power or water, I will do it because I know it’s the only way of improving this country,” said Valdemar Álvarez, a lab analyst at the Sidor steel plant in Puerto Ordaz, who opposes Mr. Maduro.Venezuela’s economy is set to lose more than a quarter of its size this year, according to Mr. Rodriguez, one of the few Wall Street economists who still tries to forecast the scale of the country’s decline. According to Torino Capital, inflation is on track to reach 51 million percent by year’s end, rendering the national currency virtually worthless.The magnitude of the country’s collapse has been surpassed only by Zimbabwe in modern history, according to the Institute of International Finance.Venezuela’s crude oil production, which used to provide more than 90 percent of the country’s hard currency, fell 13 percent in February — the steepest decline in a decade — according to the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.It was the first month since the United States Treasury banned American companies from any dealings with the national oil producer, Petróleos de Venezuela SA, or Pdvsa. And the decline has only accelerated since.Sanctions, power cuts and an accelerating brain drain could wipe out 60 percent Venezuela’s oil production this year, according to consultants at IPD. Its analysts sees the country’s output falling from 1.36 million barrels a day in February to a mere 550,000 barrels a day by the end of December, roughly on par with tiny Ecuador.The United States, once Pdvsa’s biggest customer, bought no Venezuelan oil in March for the first time since the 1970s, according to Department of Energy. And the ban does not officially come into force until April.Mr. Maduro has struggled to shift exports elsewhere.India, which Pdvsa had counted on as a substitute buyer, reduced its Venezuelan oil purchases in March under American pressure. Oil-trading firms ranging from Russia’s Lukoil to Swiss-based Trafigura stopped supplying Venezuela with the oil products Pdvsa needs to keep operating.The sanctions have accelerated Venezuela’s vicious economic cycle, where declining oil exports leave Mr. Maduro with less money to invest in basic services. That, in turn, further degrades oil production, according to Siobhan Morden, an emerging markets strategist at the Nomura investment bank in New York.“This multiplier feedback effect is very powerful and affects almost everyone” in Venezuela, she said. “The impact is going to be horrific.”The sanctions have made it difficult for the government to import the diesel fuel needed to run its thermal power plants. Pdvsa’s dilapidated refineries, once some of the world’s biggest, have long ceased to cover national needs for products like gasoline and diesel fuel.Poor supply and maintenance of thermal power plants meant Venezuela was left without backup electrical supply when a wildfire under a transmission line brought down the country’s main hydropower plant on March 7.When the lights came back, entire Venezuelan industries had ceased to exist.The blackout erased the last remnants of Venezuelan steel, aluminum and iron production, which Mr. Maduro had touted as alternatives to oil exports for income generation.More than 10,000 workers had been reporting for shifts at the moribund plants to get free meals at the canteens, which had become the main source of food for many. Hyperinflation has long slashed their wages to a few dollars a month.“It’s like working in a coma,” said Rona Figueredo, union leader at the Briquetera del Orinoco iron plant in Puerto Ordaz, which shut down its last production line during the blackout.At least half a dozen other state-run metals plants have ceased operating following the blackout, including the flagship Sidor steel plant, Alcasa and Venalum aluminum plants and three iron smelters, according to workers.It was the “final nail in the coffin” for the industries that had been operating at single-digit capacities after years of mismanagement, said Damian Prat, a veteran Puerto Ordaz labor activist and author of a book on Venezuelan heavy industries.The government has blamed electrical problems on what it has described as sabotage directed from the United States, without providing evidence. Government officials also said state-run heavy industries maintained production despite the blackout.“Without these industries, there can’t be economic recuperation in Venezuela,” said the author Mr. Prat.BEIJING — Factory workers across China are staging sit-ins demanding unpaid wages for “blood and sweat.” Taxi drivers are surrounding government offices to call for better treatment. Construction workers are threatening to jump from buildings if they don’t get paid.With economic growth in China weakening to its slowest pace in nearly three decades, thousands of Chinese workers are holding small-scale protests and strikes to fight efforts by businesses to withhold compensation and cut hours. The authorities have responded with a sustained campaign to rein in the protests, and most recently detained several prominent activists in the southern city of Shenzhen late last month.Such protests are a glaring example of the challenges the sharp economic slowdown poses to China’s top leader, Xi Jinping, who has aggressively promoted the “Chinese dream,” his signature vision of greater wealth and a fairer society.As Chinese families gather this week to celebrate the Lunar New Year, the most important holiday of the year in China, many workers say they are struggling to pay basic expenses like food and rent.“Nobody cares about us anymore,” said Zhou Liang, 46, who took part in a protest last month in Shenzhen outside an electronics factory that he says owes him more than $3,000.“I sacrificed my health for the company,” he said, “and now I can’t afford to buy even a bag of rice.”China Labour Bulletin, an advocacy group in Hong Kong that tracks protests, recorded at least 1,700 labor disputes last year, up from about 1,200 the year before. Those figures represent only a fraction of disputes across China, since many conflicts go unreported and Mr. Xi has intensified censorship.The authorities have detained more than 150 people since August, a sharp increase from previous years, including teachers, taxi drivers, construction workers and leftist students leading a campaign against factory abuses.The unrest puts the ruling Communist Party in an uncomfortable position. Since the days of Mao Zedong, the party has staked its reputation on protecting everyday workers, but increasingly many are blaming party officials for not doing more to defend their rights.As protests have multiplied, Mr. Xi, China’s most powerful leader since Mao, has sought to reassure workers that he understands their plight.“You are the most diligent, like diligent bees, traveling here and there and being exposed to the sun and rain,” he said on Friday as he ventured into the streets of Beijing to wish a happy new year to delivery workers, a photo opportunity that was heavily featured in the state-run media. “It’s not easy.”But experts warn that public trust in the party and Mr. Xi’s “Chinese dream” could suffer if he does not do more to help workers.“If teachers refuse to work, truck drivers stop delivering goods, construction workers stop building infrastructure, it will be hard to chase dreams,” said Diana Fu, an assistant professor of Asian politics at the University of Toronto.The unrest has also affected newer industries, including companies that provide food delivery and ride-sharing services, as workers complain of backbreaking schedules and low pay.Mr. Xi, who rose to power in 2012, faces a variety of headwinds that are complicating his efforts to manage a smooth transition to a high-tech economy. Consumer and business confidence is falling, the housing market is sputtering and a trade dispute with the United States is dragging on.The government says the economy grew by 6.6 percent last year, the weakest pace of growth since 1990. Many experts, noting problems like declining property sales and sluggish factory activity, say the actual rate may be even lower.As economic forecasts have turned more sober, Mr. Xi has sought to defuse tensions by urging companies to pay salaries for low-income workers on time. The State Council, China’s cabinet, says it wants to eliminate wage arrears by next year.Labor protests in China are common, and to avoid protracted conflicts, local officials often put pressure on businesses to settle disputes. But companies may be more unwilling — or unable — to do so now as they struggle to find money.Mr. Xi has expanded the party’s oversight of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions, the party-controlled organ that is supposed to mediate disputes for its more than 300 million members but often sides with management. He has also dismantled nonprofit labor advocacy groups, which in the past provided advice to workers and helped with collective bargaining.In a crackdown in Shenzhen in late January, the authorities detained five veteran labor rights advocates and accused them of “disturbing public order,” a vague charge the party often uses against its critics.Now, with no independent unions, courts or news outlets to turn to, some workers are resorting to extreme measures to settle disputes.Wang Xiao, 33, a construction worker, grew tired of lobbying his bosses for more than $2,000 in unpaid wages for a project in the eastern province of Shandong. So last week he turned to social media, threatening to jump off the headquarters of the company overseeing the project.“If I get to the roof of the building and make a scene, then the money will be given to me more quickly,” he said in an interview. (Mr. Wang did not carry out his threat.)Despite the restrictions, activists have had some success in organizing protests across provincial lines, often with the help of social media. Crane operators across China coordinated a Labor Day strike last year that involved tens of thousands of workers from at least 10 provinces.But at a time of economic uncertainty and rising tensions with the West, Mr. Xi has emphasized social stability above all else. At a meeting on “risk prevention” last month, he called on provincial leaders and senior officials to redouble efforts to expand ideological and social control.Geoffrey Crothall, the communications director for China Labour Bulletin, said the country’s leaders were “taking a much more stringent approach to making sure that large-scale protests don’t happen again.”Chinese leaders see labor unrest as a potential political threat and are particularly sensitive to demonstrations because this year is the 30th anniversary of the military crackdown on pro-democracy protesters on Tiananmen Square.Mr. Xi has particularly sought to suppress a resurgence of labor activism on college campuses, including a high-profile campaign for workers’ rights led by young communists at elite universities.The activists have used the teachings of Mao and Marx to argue that China’s embrace of capitalism has exploited workers. Last summer, they tried to help workers in southern China organize an independent labor union, saying that corrupt local officials were colluding with managers to abuse workers.The authorities have repeatedly tried to quash the protests, leading to the disappearances and detentions of more than 50 people associated with the campaign.The authorities have responded so forcefully to the young communists in part because their demands are ideological, not material, said Professor Fu, who has studied unrest in China.“To the government, calling out the party for not being Marxist is like children openly denouncing their birth parents,” she said. “It is seen as outright defiance and rejection of the state-led socialism.”But most workers are less focused on challenging the party than they are on trying to make ends meet.Song Zuhe, 50, who packages ceramic tile at a ceramic tile factory in southern China, says he is owed $1,500 in back pay and has not received a paycheck in three months.Mr. Song worries that he will not be able to pay medical bills for his wife or support his son. He recently posted on social media a poem he had written about his predicament:Work is hard and work is exhausting,I don’t have money to pay my way home,My life as a laborer is bitter.This year, when Mr. Song returned to his hometown in southwestern China to celebrate Lunar New Year with his family, they sat down to a small dinner of chicken and vegetables.“My burden is heavy,” he said. “It’s very tough.”[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]President Trump this week added another wrinkle to his long complicated relationship with his home state, when he encouraged residents of upstate New York who are unhappy with the region’s economy to “go to another state.”Mr. Trump’s comments, which came during an interview with reporters at the White House on Wednesday, were his latest critical remarks of the region, which has lost thousands of residents in recent years amid a sluggish economy.“If New York isn’t going to treat them better, I would recommend they go to another state where they can get a great job,” Mr. Trump said, according to The Buffalo News.Mr. Trump, who lived in New York City for most of his life, has routinely put down upstate New York despite finding widespread support there. In the 2016 election, he flipped 14 upstate counties that Barack Obama won in 2012. Yet during the campaign, he singled out the area as a “ghost town,” and in 2017 suggested to The Wall Street Journal that residents leave the region. “It’s O.K., don’t worry about your house,” he said.Despite Mr. Trump’s cynical advice, New York Republicans said they were not offended by the comments. Rather, they agreed with the president’s assessment.“He was stating the obvious, and the obvious is that New York has been in a death spiral for 50 years,” said Chris Collins, the congressman who represents the Buffalo area and was the first member of Congress to endorse Mr. Trump’s campaign. “All of the problems in New York State are driven by policy out of Albany that is now 100 percent controlled by downstate interests.”Carl Paladino, a political ally of Mr. Trump and a former Republican nominee for New York governor, echoed the president’s sentiments, saying he has also advised young people to leave the state.“Trump is hitting it right on the nose,” he said. “New York has become another super liberal state like California, and we have a governor who is so vain that it’s all about him, and the way people view him nationally, because he has his heart set on being drafted to be president of the United States. He has little regard for the problems of upstate New York.”Mr. Paladino added: “If you’re from upstate New York, you don’t have any future. It’s just an economic nightmare.”But for Craig Yunker, a farmer in western New York, President Trump’s comments, while they may be realistic, are not helpful.Mr. Yunker said it has become increasingly difficult to operate a business in New York, but “it’s very difficult to leave New York.”“That’s not a solution,” said Mr. Yunker, a Republican who does not support Mr. Trump. “If there are issues that can be addressed, let’s address them.”Mr. Trump’s comments came the same week New York reported a $2.3 billion budget gap, which Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo blamed on Mr. Trump, whose 2017 tax bill put a cap on the so-called SALT deduction for state and local property taxes. Mr. Cuomo said this has created “an economic civil war” between blue and red states.“The economic incentive to move out of New York is higher than it has ever been,” Mr. Cuomo said Thursday at a speech in Manhattan. “SALT put that problem on steroids. Our tax collections are down about 50 percent.”But in his Wednesday interview, Mr. Trump seemingly did not understand the full extent of his tax bill, saying it would not hurt upstate New York because it only “affects wealthy people.”When reporters clarified its effects, Mr. Trump said he was “open to thinking about” revisiting the issue.“I love those people,” he said about upstate residents. “Those people are my voters. They’ve been treated very badly.”Mr. Trump, who has had a fraught relationship with New York’s political leaders, placed the blame for the residents’ struggles squarely on the state government, which he said has been “poorly run.”Though it acknowledged the population decline in upstate New York, Cuomo’s administration dismissed the president’s critiques as untruthful and devoid of any solutions to the budget shortfall.“We provide for New Yorkers, and I’d put that record against any Trump company any day of the week,” Richard Azzopardi, a senior adviser to Mr. Cuomo, said.Mr. Azzopardi also pointed to the dropping unemployment rate in upstate New York. Excluding New York City and Long Island, the unemployment rate was 3.8 percent as of December 2018, down from 8 percent in December 2010, he said.TEHRAN — Iran, squeezed by punishing American sanctions, is confronting its most severe economic challenge in 40 years, President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday, arguing that the Iranian government “should not be blamed” for the crisis.The Trump administration reimposed sanctions on Iran last year after President Trump decided to withdraw from the international nuclear accord reached with Tehran in 2015, calling it a “horrible one-sided deal.” Under the pact, Iran agreed to essentially freeze its nuclear program for at least 15 years in exchange for relief from oil and financial sanctions.Under American pressure, dozens of European companies have abandoned operations in Iran that they had started after the signing of the nuclear agreement, leaving thousands of Iranians jobless. Reimposed banking sanctions have sharply curtailed foreign investment and access to international credit, and oil sanctions have more than halved Iran’s crude exports, its main source of income.“Today the country is facing the biggest pressure and economic sanctions in the past 40 years,” since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, Mr. Rouhani said in a speech commemorating the anniversary that was broadcast on state television.Ordinary Iranians are feeling the pinch. There have been sporadic protests by laborers, retirees, truck drivers and teachers that have occasionally led to clashes with security forces. In a year, the national currency, the rial, has lost 70 percent of its value compared to the dollar. Inflation is over 35 percent.Iranian state television has been reporting shortages and rationing of red meat in recent days, showing consumers complaining about prices that have risen by 75 percent in the last year, according to government statistics. Officials blame illegal exports of Iranian livestock to neighboring countries, as well as fluctuations in the exchange rate that have hampered imports from Brazil.Mr. Trump said on Twitter on Wednesday that Iran’s “economy is now crashing,” arguing that the hardship “is the only thing holding” the country back from expanding its malign influence in the Middle East.Iran’s leaders put the blame squarely on the American sanctions for the economic strain. “Today our problems are primarily because of pressure from America and its followers,” Mr. Rouhani said. “And the dutiful government and Islamic system should not be blamed.”Mr. Rouhani did not refer to corruption and mismanagement, two other factors that analysts have cited in Iran’s economic free-fall. He instead said that the “people’s resistance, efforts and sacrifices” would help Iran defeat the United States.AMSTERDAM — If anyone in the Netherlands is happy about Britain jilting the European Union, they keep that sentiment to themselves. The country has been built on trade, with huge volumes of goods flowing from its ports across the English Channel. Brexit, as the divorce is known, has proved disruptive.But if Brexit is going to happen, the graceful, canal-lined city of Amsterdam is intent on exploiting what opportunities present themselves. The deputy mayor has been leading a team that is courting global companies abandoning Britain.“I’m very sad about Brexit, but I’m happy about how things are going for Amsterdam,” said the deputy mayor, Udo Kock, adding that at least 30 companies had already chosen to relocate. “It is such a nice city to live in. Who wouldn’t want to live in Amsterdam for a few years?”As Britain slides toward a tumultuous exit from the European bloc, cities on the Continent are looking on with a mixture of opportunism and dread. From Amsterdam to Paris to Frankfurt, officials have been wooing companies seeking refuge from an increasingly uncertain United Kingdom. Yet many are bracing for Brexit-related chaos at ports.Communities on both sides of the channel are already contending with economic weakness as the prospect of a no-deal Brexit discourages investment. Britain’s economy expanded just 1.4 percent last year — the slowest pace since 2012 — and actually contracted in December, according to data released on Monday.Above all, a sense of resignation has taken hold that even before Brexit begins, it has delivered changes that are almost certainly permanent. Companies have moved jobs from Britain to the Continent while applying for local licenses to prevent ruptures to their businesses. The European Medicines Agency, which regulates pharmaceuticals, is in the final stages of closing its London headquarters and moving to Amsterdam. Bankers and traders have shifted parts of their operations.Whatever happens next, none of that is going back.[Where Europe would be hurt most by a no-deal Brexit.]Amsterdam has largely struck out in attracting global banks, most of which have picked cities where they already have offices, especially Frankfurt. Bankers have taken umbrage at Dutch laws that limit the size of bonus payments.But the city has landed other elements of the financial industry, including asset managers and traders. Last month, Japan’s Norinchukin Bank selected Amsterdam as the site of its European branch. A trading platform for Bloomberg and Turquoise, a unit of the London Stock Exchange, both picked Amsterdam.“We had about 100 institutions that came to see us,” said Gerben Everts, a member of the executive board at the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets, which regulates financial services companies. “At least 30” had submitted applications for licenses to operate in the Netherlands, he added.Ever since the June 2016 referendum that set Brexit in motion, the Netherlands has looked on with alarm. Britain is its third-largest trading partner, after Germany and Belgium. The port at Rotterdam is the largest in Europe. Amsterdam’s Schiphol airport is a major corridor for air cargo, and a crucial transit point for the Dutch flower industry.Throw a wrench into any of that and large numbers of people are going to wind up poorer.Mr. Kock, Amsterdam’s deputy mayor, is an economist by trade who once worked for the International Monetary Fund. The economy of Amsterdam’s metropolitan area is about 160 billion euros, about $181 billion, a year, he said. Brexit appears likely to shave about €1 billion off that total.“That’s two or three thousand jobs,” he said.In pursuit of compensation, the city’s economic affairs agency has been trying to attract new jobs.Landing the European Medicines Agency was significant. The regulator employs 900 people. It is building an office tower that will be its new headquarters on the southern reaches of Amsterdam, across a highway from a futuristic hotel designed by the Dutch architect Rem Koolhaas.With the regulator shifting here, Mr. Kock and his team have focused on attracting companies within its orbit, including drugmakers, law firms and insurance companies that serve the pharmaceutical industry.The group conducts tours of Amsterdam, talking up the city’s attributes: swift internet links; a creative work force; an easily accessible airport with more than 300 direct connections to points around the globe.“We have taken a very Dutch approach — modest, but solid and persuasive,” Mr. Kock said. “We didn’t go around London like vultures seeking companies, or lavish them in the palace with seven-course dinners. We offer them coffee with a cookie.”Is that a dig at Paris, where officials have deployed French culinary prowess toward luring investment banking jobs? Mr. Kock grins mischievously.Bringing the medicine regulator has already helped one industry: the relocation business.Ten years ago, Roz Fremder moved to Amsterdam from Boston with her husband, who had taken a job in the chemical industry. She started her own company, Expat Help, which guides newly arriving families as they look for housing, schools and health providers. Early last year, the company secured its largest contract, a deal to help workers with the medicines agency relocate from London.On a recent afternoon, Ms. Fremder walked the eerily devoid corridors of the medicines agency’s former headquarters in the Canary Wharf section of London. About 120 employees had already moved to the Netherlands. An additional 530 were set to complete the trip in 2019, with many of them working from home in the interim. The building will be closed at the end of February.Inside, Ms. Fremder’s team ran a help center for relocating employees. The walls were decorated with drawings of Dutch clogs, windmills and tulips along with a color map of the Netherlands.“There’s so many things people haven’t thought of when you get down to these last days,” Ms. Fremder said. “Like whether their Netflix and Spotify accounts will work when they get there. Whether their appliances will work. I had one lady send me a photo of her phone jack.”Expat Help has doubled in size, to 20 employees from 10. It is about to open a London office in the Shoreditch neighborhood to serve other companies moving to Amsterdam.Which makes Ms. Fremder a clear beneficiary of Brexit. “It has been an opportunity for us,” she said.Political leaders in Britain could still conceivably call off Brexit before the March 29 deadline, or they could perhaps opt for another referendum. Even then, the movements across the channel appear irreversible.“What I hear from the institutions that opted for a license,” Mr. Everts, of the Dutch financial regulator, said, is: “‘Irrespective of how hard the Brexit would be, we are going to move anyway because there’s no way back. We have changed our I.T. We have hired or bought offices here. We have our people.’ They need to have the certainty that this is going to start.”Elmer de Bruin spends much of his day taking phone calls from businesspeople anxious about Brexit. He is the head of international affairs for the Dutch Association for Transport and Logistics, a trade association that represents 5,200 companies. Many of them transport Dutch wares — from garden plants to machinery — across the English Channel.Mr. de Bruin dispenses a standard tool kit of advice. Companies should apply for permits that allow them to ship goods from the Netherlands to Britain after Brexit. Now, shipments proceed without bureaucratic hindrance, because both countries are members of the European single market. After Brexit, Britain will become a foreign country separated by a border.But Mr. de Bruin acknowledged that options were limited, because no one knows what is about to happen.In London, Parliament has rejected an unpopular deal  negotiated by Prime Minister Theresa May that would separate Britain from the bloc but leave it subject to European rules as a way of avoiding a hard border across Ireland. Lawmakers have failed to muster a majority for a version of Brexit that can win favor in Brussels.That Britain will crash out of Europe absent a deal, unleashing chaos on world markets, is an increasingly imaginable possibility.“We say prepare for the worst and hope for the best, but we don’t know what the worst is,” Mr. de Bruin lamented. “It’s out of our reach.”He assumes that the Dutch authorities will do what they can to avoid hindering trade, including coordinating customs and immigration checks.“Our worry is the other side,” he said. “They don’t have the infrastructure and the technology. They will never be able to cope with the enormous flow.”At the English port of Dover, 10,000 trucks proceed every day without fuss bearing cargo between Britain and the Continent. An additional 500 trucks pass through Dover from countries outside the European bloc. They sit there for as long as a half-hour, submitting to inspections and customs procedures.Brexit could turn much of the fast lane into a profit-killing purgatory. Cargo like fresh meat and fish would be vulnerable to spoiling.“It’s really going to hit us,” said Paul Smit, a sales manager at Windhorst, a trucking company. “All the Dutch people are extremely worried.”His company hauls garden plants and trees from Dutch nurseries, with 70 percent of the cargo bound for Britain via ferry. With 100 trucks in its fleet, the company has delayed plans to buy 20 or 30 more, given worries over Brexit.Reimposing customs checks after a quarter-century of unimpeded trade will eliminate flexibility, Mr. Smit complained. Now, Windhorst loads as many trees as can fit into a trailer. Once a customs regimen is in place, it will need to enumerate precisely what it plans to carry — say, 300 fir trees — and then cease loading even if more space remains.“I’m getting so fed up with this Brexit,” Mr. Smit said. “You’re not doing anything else other than talking about this.”MAID Hard Work, Low Pay and a Mother’s Will to Survive By Stephanie Land“I’m not your maid,” goes the outraged refrain of the mother; “I’m not your mother,” the outraged refrain of the girlfriend or wife. The declarations are pleas for respect, consideration; they invoke roles in which women can’t necessarily expect either. What indignities are you subject to when you are both mother and maid?When Stephanie Land was 28, she accidentally got pregnant with a man she’d been dating for four months, a cook in Port Townsend, Wash. This man yelled at her regularly, but she stayed with him until he punched a hole in the door during a fight. Her daughter was 7 months old. Land moved in with her father, but he got violent too, and she left for a homeless shelter. From there, she secured federally subsidized Section 8 housing. Eventually, she began dating someone who had a farm, moved in with him, and started cleaning houses for $9 an hour, a job that offered “no sick pay, no vacation days, no foreseeable increase in wage.” At least one of these $9 hours went to making gas money for the commute. When the farmer broke up with her, she collected money for a deposit on an apartment of her own by appealing to her connections on Facebook. On moving into a studio, she learned it was infected by black mold.Cleaning, which soon became the main source of Land’s income (she also did yardwork), proved grueling and tedious labor. To every house, she lugged “two spray bottles, one container of powdered Comet, two sponges, one pair of yellow gloves, 50 white rags, two dusters, one Oreck vacuum, two mop handles.” As a rule, she started in the upper left corner of the building or room and worked her way across and down until she was done — not unlike a reader. Her boss referred to her as the business’s best cleaner. Clients who had found fault with other employees did not complain about her.Meanwhile, the mold in her apartment made her and her daughter sick, and the cleaning made her body hurt: a “constant burn,” “shooting pain,” “tingling sensations” down her limbs. Nerve damage prevented her from gripping with her dominant right hand, so she was forced to use her left. She got in a car accident and lost her car. She had no time to cultivate new friends, and those she already had weren’t always kind about her plight. She was ashamed to be on public assistance. With nobody around to give her the comfort or reassurance she needed, she tried giving it to herself. “I love you,” she whispered piteously when she was overcome with pain or panic. “I’m here for you.”  She fantasized about moving to Missoula, Mont., for college; about owning a house like the ones she cleaned; about finding a lasting partner. All her hopes seemed implausible. If she were ever in a position to hire a cleaner herself, she vowed, she’d tip them, offer them food, leave them small gifts. She’d treat them “like a guest, not a ghost.” Sometimes, she cried while she cleaned.ImageThe strain of caring for a child in insecure circumstances shadowed the pleasures of motherhood. Land followed a strict bedtime routine with her daughter, hoping that rigid structures would increase the girl’s sense of stability, knowing any foundation was being eroded by her shared custody agreement and frequent changes to their living arrangements. After her relationship with the farmer ended, Land regretted the loss on her daughter’s behalf more than her own. She encountered no personal obstacle that wasn’t magnified in some way by being a single parent, no problem of parenthood that wasn’t intensified by her financial predicament.For a while, as Land recounts in “Maid,” her memoir of her time as a cleaner, she was on seven kinds of government assistance, and still hardly surviving. The paperwork she was forced to complete in order to qualify for help was interminable: applications with questions about her plans for the years to come, detailed proof of income that included documentation of her schedule and letters from clients verifying that she did indeed work for them, and continual updates to account for any change in status. When, at one point, she submitted a handwritten pay stub, an official from the Department of Health and Human Services threatened to rescind her child care grant. To be eligible for a program that subsidized her rent, Land was required to attend a class about how to approach landlords, because they tend to resist renting to those on public assistance.[ Read an excerpt from “Maid.” ]Rent plus groceries plus utilities plus laundry plus insurance plus gas plus clothing minus an hourly paycheck of barely more than minimum wage and the scant assistance parceled out by the government with spectacular reluctance — the brute poetry of home economics recurs throughout Land’s book. When Land is faced with any kind of irregular expense, she must check the budget pinned to her wall, next to her notes about when each bill will be withdrawn and for how much. Math like this isn’t complicated, it’s merely endless. Calculated and recalculated as if the sums will improve with repetition, the figures overwhelm the mind.As Lizzie Feidelson wrote in a 2016 essay for n+1 about her work as a housecleaner, an ambivalent pleasure of the job is that it gives you singularly novelistic insight into the people who dirty the spaces you clean. Details emerge “unbidden, without warning, like smells.” Documents spread on a table, receipts pinned to the fridge, a sound clip emanating from a laptop — the plot points of her clients’ lives, Feidelson observes, “connected in an instant.”Land finds the intimate knowledge she acquires of her mostly absent clients to be similarly evocative. She names the houses she cleans according to whichever possession or habit of the occupants is most conspicuous to her: The Plant House, crowded with large pots on wheeled stands; The Porn House, where a stack of romance novels sits next to a twin bed and a stack of Hustlers near an armchair; The Sad House, whose walls are lined with pictures of the owner’s dead wife and son. She glimpses receipts for rugs that cost as much as her car, a dry-cleaning bill so large she could replace half her wardrobe with the same amount of money. One woman fills her freezer with cartons of cigarettes and her bathroom with jars of anti-wrinkle cream.How well the underclass are forced to know their overseers. This state of affairs is so ordinary, so unremarkable, people hardly mention it. That the poor must grow adept in the customs and quirks of the rich, must attune themselves to their desires and peeves, that this attention is forever and fatally one-sided, is understood merely as the basis for good customer service. Land’s memoir is not particularly artful. The narration advances with some circularity; the language is often stale. But her book has the needed quality of reversing the direction of the gaze. Some people who employ domestic labor will read her account. Will they see themselves in her descriptions of her clients? Will they offer their employees the meager respect Land fantasizes about? Land survived the hardship of her years as a maid, her body exhausted and her brain filled with bleak arithmetic, to offer her testimony. It’s worth listening to.TOKYO — The Nidec Corporation likes to say it makes everything that “spins and moves,” from the intricate motors that whir in hard drives to the hulking ones used on oil rigs. In recent years, things had been going well for the company. Global demand for precision engineering, especially from China, increased sales for Nidec and other Japanese companies, helping to lift long-sluggish Japan out of its economic doldrums. Then sales to China plunged in November and December as the country’s economy slowed. Nidec, which counts on China for about 40 percent of its revenue, slashed its profit projections by more than 25 percent. “I’ve been in management for 46 years,” the company’s founder and chief executive, Shigenobu Nagamori, told reporters in January, “and seeing our monthly orders plummet like this is a first.”Japan’s economic rebirth is in trouble, and China shares part of the blame. Exports have slumped, and companies that depend on Japan’s fast-growing neighbor are slashing profit forecasts and considering idling factories. Combined with other problems — including lackluster spending at home and an aging society — China’s slowdown presents a major challenge to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his namesake economic program, Abenomics, as he prepares for an important national election this summer. Specifically, it raises questions about how Mr. Abe, who took office in 2012, can fix problems at home without the boost from China’s powerful growth engine.Japan’s economy continues to grow for now, and the fate of Abenomics is far from certain. Still, Mr. Abe’s political opponents are sharpening their knives. “It’s the beginning of the end for Abenomics,” Yuichiro Tamaki of the opposition Democratic Party for the People told reporters in mid-March.The Abe administration points to signs that Japan’s economy is still on track. “We continue to see an increase in consumer spending and capital investment, which are pillars of demand,” Yoshihide Suga, chief cabinet secretary, said at a March news conference. “There has been no change in the moderate recovery of the economy."But even the government is wondering how much longer the expansion can continue. Exports plummeted starting in December. Industrial output fell for three months straight before rising slightly in February. The annual salary negotiations between Japan Inc. and unions ended with only modest gains after the government softened a pressure campaign on companies to raise wages.In mid-March, the government downgraded its economic assessment for the first time in three years, pointing to China’s economy as a major factor.Mr. Abe’s economic proposals were supposed to lift Japan out of a slump that had begun in the early 1990s. They included what he called the “three arrows” of Abenomics: increasing Japan’s money supply, raising government spending and proposing fixes to longstanding problems that discouraged companies from hiring and investing.Pumping money into Japan’s economy provided the quickest fix. Under Mr. Abe’s influence, the central bank began printing more yen in 2013. The value of the currency dropped, making Japanese exports more appealing to foreign buyers. The strategy added gas to Japan’s export machine. Except for a brief downshift in 2015 when a Chinese slowdown hit global growth, Japanese sales abroad picked up speed. Nidec and many other companies like Renesas, which makes semiconductors, and Fanuc, which makes high-end robots, enjoyed steadily rising sales. The easy money policy did little to help other parts of the economy, however. Longstanding problems like deflation, bureaucracy and a shrinking population added friction to the country’s growth.As deflation pushed down prices, companies struggled to increase profits. Deflation generally discourages consumers from making major purchases as they wait for lower prices and better deals. An entrenched and backward-looking corporate culture made it difficult for Japan to keep up with the times. Many companies have resisted government efforts to improve corporate governance and introduce more women into the work force, leading to mixed results for Mr. Abe’s initiatives. As a result, corporate oversight remains weak. And although more women are working than ever, the quality of jobs available to them is still low. Increasing government spending has also proved tricky. Japan has the highest level of debt in the industrialized world, so finding money to spend can be difficult. Mr. Abe has long pushed for an increase in the country’s consumption tax to 10 percent to help finance public spending. But after a first increase in 2014, to 8 percent from 5 percent, shook the economy, the government has twice delayed the politically unpopular second round.Should Japan’s economy continue to weaken, a tax increase could do even more damage. Nonetheless, Mr. Abe has committed to the move. Economists say he has few other options. “There’s no space left for thinking up some additional policies,” said Shinichiro Kobayashi, a senior economist at the research arm of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group.That means Japan’s future growth may heavily depend on China.As Japan’s population has aged and demand has weakened, Japanese companies have increasingly looked to China to expand revenue. Growth in the Chinese middle class and the increasing sophistication of its manufacturing base have whetted the country’s appetite for high-end consumer and industrial goods, all underwritten by a cheap yen.But in the short term at least, that demand, too, is weakening. In January, Japan’s exports to China across a wide range of industries — from consumer electronics to the machines that make them — fell more than 17 percent from a year earlier, after a drop of over 6 percent in December. Although exports to the country rebounded in February, the gains did not make up for lost ground.The sudden shift in the Chinese market has forced many Japanese companies to revise their earnings forecasts down. Consumer electronics companies and automakers in particular have expressed pessimism about market conditions, with flagship brands like Nissan, Nikon and Sony moving to temper investors' expectations for sales in the country.It isn’t clear when Chinese demand may bounce back. Beijing has pledged to focus on job creation, made more money available for its state-controlled banks to lend out and promised to make business-friendly moves like cutting taxes and red tape. However, the government reduced its growth target for 2019, saying it is seeking an economic expansion that emphasizes quality over quantity.The picture has been further complicated by trade frictions between the United States and China, as President Trump’s decision to slap tariffs on the country has squeezed Japanese companies with manufacturing there.The trade war is “the biggest risk to Japan’s economy,” Mr. Kobayashi of Mitsubishi UFJ said.Nidec is hanging its hopes for a turnaround on China’s government. Beijing “understands the current critical situation well” Mr. Nagamori said, addressing questions about the future of his company’s business in China, “and we’re sure they’ll use every possible strategy to quickly work out a solution.”In the meantime, he said, the company can’t dwell on its present difficulties. If it does, “we won’t be able to respond when demand comes rushing back,” Mr. Nagamori said. He added, “We’ll lose a big opportunity.”Hisako Ueno contributed research.WASHINGTON — President Trump said on Thursday that he planned to nominate Herman Cain, who abandoned his 2012 presidential bid in the face of escalating accusations of sexual misconduct, for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board.Mr. Trump, speaking from the Oval Office, called Mr. Cain, the former chief executive of Godfather’s Pizza, “a truly outstanding individual” and said, “I’ve told my folks that’s the man.”The decision to consider Mr. Cain is the second time in weeks that the president has floated candidates with deeply held political views and past ethical issues to fill a seat on the Fed, signaling his intent to put allies on a traditionally independent body. It comes as Mr. Trump has continued to attack the Fed and his handpicked chairman, Jerome H. Powell, for raising interest rates in 2018, saying those moves slowed economic growth.Last month, Mr. Trump said he planned to nominate Stephen Moore, a conservative economist who advised his presidential campaign and has become a vocal critic of the central bank’s recent rate increases, as a Fed governor.Mr. Trump has staked his presidency on a booming economy and his re-election could hinge on whether it continues to surge or falter. The Fed, which has the ability to stimulate the economy by lowering interest rates and using other tools at its disposal, will play a crucial role in the economy’s trajectory.While presidents have long stocked regulatory agencies with partisan appointees in pursuit of ideological goals, the Fed’s seven-member board of governors has largely been an exception given the role it plays in the United States economy. The Fed’s primary job is to guide the economy, typically by adjusting interest rates. It aims for sustainable growth, maximum employment and stable prices. It also regulates banks and oversees the plumbing of the financial system.Most developed nations have granted their central banks considerable autonomy over policymaking precisely because of concerns that politicians would seek to increase short-term growth at the expense of inflation and instability. Some modern presidents have opined openly about what the Fed should do, including President George Bush, who declared in a State of the Union address that the central bank should keep rates low.But in recent decades, the volume of public commentary greatly diminished as politicians concluded that pressuring the Fed was counterproductive.The president has largely abandoned that tradition. Last year, as interest rates rose and the stock market declined, Mr. Trump repeatedly attacked Fed policy as “crazy,” “wild” and “loco.” He asked aides whether he could replace the chairman and lamented privately that Mr. Powell’s appointment was one of his biggest regrets.The Fed, which raised rates for five consecutive quarters amid a roaring economy with the lowest unemployment rate in nearly two decades, has since paused its campaign. Mr. Powell has repeatedly rebuffed any suggestion that the central bank is being influenced by Mr. Trump’s broadsides, saying it is adopting a more “patient” approach to interest rates given signs of economic weakness in the United States and abroad.With two open seats on the seven-member Fed, Mr. Trump has the ability to drastically shape the central bank for the foreseeable future. The president has already appointed four of the Fed’s current governors, who carry 14-year terms. One governor, Lael Brainard, is a holdover from the Obama administration.The appointment and confirmation of Mr. Moore and Mr. Cain could put the Fed in uncharted territory. While the institution has strongly rooted values around technical competence and apolitical debate, Mr. Trump’s latest choices have been political actors rather than in-the-weeds experts in any of the main areas in which the Fed makes policy.Two governors alone cannot entirely shape Fed policy, but they can have an effect on decisions. The Federal Open Market Committee, which sets interest rates, consists of 12 voting members, including the seven governors, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and four regional Federal Reserve Bank presidents, who serve one-year terms on a rotating basis. Changes to interest rates must be approved by a majority of the voting members.Both Mr. Moore and Mr. Cain are undergoing background checks, and if nominated, must be confirmed by the Senate.The choice of such candidates to fill two of the most powerful jobs in economic policy is raising fears among some Fed veterans that the president is installing political allies at the central bank to do his bidding.“It’s one thing to put cronies into the executive branch, but I think the central bank is another kind of institution that it’s so critical in that it holds the reins solely to monetary policy,” said Sarah Bloom Raskin, who served on the Fed’s board of governors from 2010 to 2014. “It has the potential to undermine the credibility of monetary policy.”Mr. Cain’s nomination is being supported by Larry Kudlow, who heads the National Economic Council and also recommended Mr. Moore for a Fed seat, according to a person familiar with the discussions.While he heaped praise on his “friend” Mr. Cain, Mr. Trump earlier in the day continued his assault on the “destructive actions” taken by the Fed and said on Twitter that the economy was very strong despite the central bank’s efforts.The selection of Mr. Moore and Mr. Cain appeared to be a counterweight to Mr. Powell. But while Mr. Moore has been publicly critical of the Fed and called for Mr. Powell to resign, Mr. Cain’s views are less clear.As a presidential candidate, Mr. Cain rode a brief surge in popularity to the top of the polls on the back of his “9-9-9” economic plan. The proposal called for scrapping the existing tax code and replacing it with a flat 9 percent income tax, a 9 percent business tax and a 9 percent national retail sales tax. The concept was hailed by some for its simplicity, but it ultimately fizzled with his campaign.On monetary policy, his views are equally unorthodox. In a 2012 op-ed in The Wall Street Journal, Mr. Cain accused the central bank of manipulating the value of the dollar by raising and lowering interest rates by whim and called for a return to the gold standard, which was abandoned in 1971.“For the last 40 years in Washington, regulate has meant manipulate, with the Federal Reserve raising and lowering interest rates and buying and selling assets at its own discretion,” Mr. Cain wrote, arguing that a complex society needs fixed standards. “A dollar should be defined — as it was prior to 1971 under the postwar Bretton Woods system — as a fixed quantity of gold.”Mr. Cain is also a former chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, a role that is often given to local business leaders. In a 2011 interview with The Atlantic, Drue Jennings, who served with Mr. Cain on the board, said that Mr. Cain was an “inflation hawk” when it came to monetary policy, a moniker attributed to those who view rising prices as a threat to economic growth and favor higher interest rates to keep inflation in check.Mr. Trump has made clear he has no interest in a Fed governor who wants to raise rates but, more recently, Mr. Cain has shown that he has evolved on the subject.“If I were offered the job, I would try to encourage the Fed not to make inflation a fear factor because deflation, as Stephen Moore had pointed out in a great article that he wrote along with another economist, deflation is more of a fear factor than inflation,” Mr. Cain said in a February interview with the Fox Business Network.Perhaps most important to Mr. Trump, Mr. Cain has shown that he is loyal to the president. In September, Mr. Cain formed the America Fighting Back PAC, which has a mission of publicly rebutting what he believes is misinformation about Mr. Trump.“We’re offering a compelling, solid refutation to what you hear from the media and the rest of the left about President Trump and conservative ideas,” Mr. Cain said at the time.It is unclear whether Mr. Cain will clear the background check. His presidential campaign came to a screeching halt after several women came forward with accusations of sexual harassment or improper behavior.The selection of Mr. Cain drew backlash on Thursday from some of those women.Ginger White, who publicly said in 2011 that she and Mr. Cain had had an affair, said that he should not be rewarded for such actions. Ms. White said that the affair was on and off for 13 years and that Mr. Cain denied it because he was seeking the Republican nomination for president.“We need honesty and integrity in those who are appointed to public office,” Ms. White said in a statement released by her lawyer, Gloria Allred. “Herman Cain should not be rewarded for his bad behavior. In my opinion, he lacks what should be required for appointment to the Federal Reserve or any public office.”Sharon Bialek, who is also represented by Ms. Allred, came forward in 2011 and accused Mr. Cain of grabbing her in a sexually aggressive way when she sought his help after losing her job at the National Restaurant Association in the late 1990s. Ms. Bialek said in a statement on Thursday evening that Mr. Cain sexually harassed her and that he was not fit for public service.“I did not think that he was a man of character then, and I do not think he is now,” Ms. Bialek said. “Anyone who uses their position of power to take advantage of a woman does not possess the character, integrity or values required to serve on the Federal Reserve Board.”In some ways, Mr. Cain, who preferred news interviews to intensive retail campaigning, presaged Mr. Trump’s own outsider campaign four years later. But unlike the president’s presidential bid, Mr. Cain’s was fatally wounded when he faced charges of sexual misconduct.In October 2011, Politico reported that Mr. Cain, as head of the National Restaurant Association, had been accused of sexually harassing two women, who left the trade group after receiving financial payouts and signing nondisclosure agreements. One of the women, who was from Chicago, said that Mr. Cain made an unwanted and rough physical advance.Confronted with the claims, Mr. Cain initially did not deny them. He later proclaimed his innocence and sought to cast blame on political rivals and the news media for what he called a smear campaign.Other women emerged soon after to say that they, too, had been sexually harassed by Mr. Cain. By that December, he dropped out of the presidential race.WASHINGTON — It was almost lunchtime at a food court downtown and Yonas A. Seyoum, the manager of the Esprinto Café, marched over to the cash register and printed out the morning’s sales.“It’s crazy,” he said, holding up a drooping receipt.He had done $52.71 of business in five hours, miserable even for January.“Not even enough to pay her,” Mr. Seyoum said, motioning to the cashier, a young woman leaning on the counter and playing gin rummy on her phone.He added: “It’s like a ghost city — totally dead.”As the country nears the end of its third week of a government shutdown, the consequences of Washington’s political dysfunction are landing right on the city’s doorstep. The Washington metro area is home to the largest number of federal workers in the country, and as their paychecks begin to stop, the negative effects threaten to spread across the region.This is an unusual problem for a region that boasts one of the country’s richest, strongest economies, powered by government spending and a large, stable federal work force.It is a place that lives on the legions of lobbyists and lawyers who knock on the doors of government. At the core is a federal work force divided between those at the upper echelons of the Civil Service making six-figure salaries, and those making less pay in lower-ranking jobs. The Washington area’s African-American population has traditionally been one of the chief beneficiaries of the government’s large pool of middle-class jobs.And those who are the most affected are people at the lower end of the income ladder with no savings and no way to make up the loss.The metro area has about 360,000 federal workers, representing 11.5 percent of the region’s full-time work force, according to Stephen Fuller, an economist at George Mason University who focuses on the Washington area. Of that group, about 145,000 have been furloughed, he said. This does not account for the many federal contractors whose pay is dependent on the government and who, unlike those in the Civil Service, do not expect any back pay.Mr. Fuller said that as long as the shutdown ended before February, the economic effect on the overall region would be minimal — about 2.8 percent of the region’s economic daily output. Still, the longer the shutdown went on, the higher chance it would cause more lasting damage, he said.When other parts of the country suffered during the Great Recession, the area around the nation’s capital boomed. Over the last decade, a wave of new restaurants, bars and retailers have opened, catering to young professionals. But some of the small businesses that have sprung up in recent years are now feeling the brunt of the shutdown.Abu Ahamed, a Bangladeshi-American food truck owner parked near the National Portrait Gallery, said that his sales had plummeted and that he had taken the emergency step of offering passers-by free samples.“Sample?” he shouted, holding a piece of lamb kebab on a toothpick toward a woman walking by, who smiled but did not stop.He said he had made about $50 on Saturday and $172 on Sunday, tiny fractions of what he usually earned, and was worried he would not be able to pay his rent if the shutdown kept going. He applied for a job with his old employer, CVS, and was told he would hear back in two weeks.“I said, ‘I need the job right now!’” he said, his head poking out the window of his green truck.At home, when he explained the family’s situation to his 10-year-old daughter, he could tell she was troubled.“I said, ‘Do you have enough for the lunch?’ and she told me, ‘But Daddy, you don’t have any money!’” he said. “I think she feels hunger but she doesn’t tell us. As a father, this is very painful.”The shutdown is already beginning to test the operations of the city of Washington itself, which has historically never had full autonomy from Congress and depends on the federal government for basic functions like its local court system. Large sections of the city’s public spaces — from the National Mall to the 1,700-acre Rock Creek Park — are on federal land.The District has had to add garbage crews to collect trash from 640 federal trash bins. The agency that supervises residents on parole and probation is without a director because Congress is not around to confirm him. On Tuesday, the City Council gave the mayor emergency authority to issue marriage licenses, because the Marriage Bureau, funded by the federal government, is closed.“It seems pretty ridiculous,” said Mayor Muriel Bowser of the closing. She noted in a telephone interview that the city was spending around $70,000 a week to pick up federal trash and had added overtime hours for the department that processes unemployment claims, but was powerless against the bigger problem.“We can do nothing about people’s anxiety,” she said, noting that for many federal workers, Friday would be the first day without a paycheck.With federal workers at home, and the closing of the Smithsonian museums resulting in fewer tourists, the streets had the lonely feel of a public holiday. Lunch places had no lines. The area’s Metro transit system had plenty of seats.For Dick Lehimdjian, who owns a salon on F Street NW whose sales had not dipped, the empty city meant one thing: His 45-minute commute from Virginia was now just 15 minutes.“It is wonderful to come to work,” he said, smiling.But Trang Mai, who was setting up her ice cream and hot dog truck across from the Department of Commerce on Tuesday morning, had seen a plunge in her sales. Ms. Mai said she was so distracted that she initially forgot her son’s 10th birthday.“I’m tired, really I’m tired,” she said. She tried to sell her truck online, but so far has had no bidders. She said she told her husband to sell their house in Annandale, Va., because they could no longer afford the payments.“You want it?” she asked, hopefully.The area’s counties, including Loudoun, Fairfax and Arlington in Virginia, rank among the country’s wealthiest by median income. In Arlington County, where 21 percent of the residents are federal workers, Ari Valdez, general manager of The Liberty Tavern, said that when the shutdown first began, there was a spike in sales.“People were happy they didn’t have to go back to work for a while,” he said.But since then, sales have slowed, with one exception: Happy hour. People are coming in earlier and staying longer, but often not having dinner.“It’s increasing happy hour and decreasing dinner,” he said.He said he had moved happy hour earlier to 3 p.m. from 4 p.m. for anyone showing government identification, and that people were coming in as early as 2 p.m.On Tuesday, one of those was Nina Prasad, a federal contractor who was sitting with her laptop at the bar, a manhattan cocktail to her right and an octopus salad to her left. She said she was still working and being paid, but that many of her calls had been canceled and her office was closed.“It puts a stop on things,” said Ms. Prasad, 38, adding, “I’m starting to lose track of the days. Time is passing so slowly.”Many federal workers said they had savings and could manage, at least for now. Ken Kero-Mentz, a Foreign Service officer with the State Department who has been posted in Iraq, Germany, Brazil and Sri Lanka, said his first day without pay would be next Wednesday.“That’s when it will really be like, ‘Whoa,’” he said.Mr. Kero-Mentz, 48, said he had been taking care of tasks he never had time for. He posted pictures of furniture in his attic he has long wanted to get rid of, and now has a bit of extra cash from selling two end tables. Tomorrow, someone is coming to look at a desk.He wasn’t worried about his finances, yet.“I’m fortunate — I’ve been able to save some money,” Mr. Kero-Mentz said. “I’m not suffering. But I know people who are.”The package of eccentric ideas known as modern monetary theory — for example, that annual deficits are too small, and that the United States can essentially print money to pay off its debt — has been on the receiving end of a remarkable level of vitriol.In policy circles, heavyweight economists have churned out scathing attacks. In the business arena, titans like Laurence D. Fink and Bill Gates have labeled it “garbage” and “crazy talk.” And in academia, when the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business asked top scholars about a couple of its claims, they split between the 28 percent who disagreed and the 72 percent who strongly disagreed.But M.M.T., as it’s known, is attracting a conspicuous number of fans in an unexpected place: Wall Street. Money managers, chief executives and business analysts maintain that the approach offers several important and overlooked insights, and far from finding it fanciful or deranged, they are using M.M.T. to build economic forecasts and even trading strategies.“I don’t look at labels in terms of what’s on the left and the right,” said Jan Hatzius, the chief economist at Goldman Sachs. “I try to look at what makes me have a better chance of getting the forecast right, and I do find some of the ideas useful.”So does Paul A. McCulley, a former chief economist at the behemoth asset firm Pimco. Ideas like M.M.T. that rub against the grain of conventional economics, he said, have “for all of my career been a very useful framework for analysis.”That framework helped produce billion-dollar gains for the company after the 2008 financial crisis. Dismissing alarms about outsize government debt and white-knuckle interest rates, Pimco instead bet successfully that rates would remain low. When it came to decision-making during this period, Mr. McCulley said, M.M.T. and other unorthodox approaches helped him “get it right.”Richard C. Koo, chief economist at the Nomura Research Institute in Tokyo, said he had been telling his clients for years that “even with huge budget deficits in the U.S., interest rates would actually come down, not go up.”Wall Street is not immune to the herd mentality, but Mr. Koo and several other analysts argued that academic economists had a vested interest in certain theories and were, therefore, more likely to suffer from groupthink.In an article posted on Wednesday on the website of Grantham, Mayo, Van Otterloo & Company, known as GMO, the strategist James Montier wrote: “For me an economic approach must help me understand the world, and provide me with some useful insights (preferably about my day job — investing). On those measures, let me assure you that M.M.T. thrashes neoclassical economics, hands down.”And Daniel Alpert, a managing partner of the investment bank Westwood Capital, credited the theory with preventing him from panicking that rates would soar when the Federal Reserve set off a brief “taper tantrum” in 2013 and announced it was easing its stimulus program.Over the past couple of years, he said, the Fed tried everything — “it did a belly dance to get long-term interest rates up” — and it didn’t work.M.M.T., Mr. Alpert said, “successfully debunks 40 years of misassumptions of how markets and public credit work.”Explaining M.M.T.’s AppealProgressive politicians like Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York are among the most vocal supporters of M.M.T., but the theory’s appeal crosses political lines in part because it offers a narrative for a series of events that the established wisdom failed to anticipate or explain.Big government deficits, for instance, were supposed to mop up available pools of capital and drive up interest rates, which would, in turn, elbow out private investors, damage growth and feed inflation.But the last decade was different. When deficits soared after the recession, interest rates fell and savings rates climbed. Investors are awash in capital. The economy has been expanding, slowly, for 10 years, with unemployment and inflation rates ensconced at record-low levels.One reason for the misjudgments may be that the economic models that confidently strode down the mainstream were hammered out in the decades after World War II, when American companies had an enormous appetite for capital investment. “We don’t live in that world anymore,” said Mr. Koo of Nomura. Today, vast fortunes shift across oceans in an instant, currencies are untethered from gold, and your local coffee shop may no longer accept cash.Technological advances, demographic shifts and persistently lower interest rates have further altered the global economy. Mohamed A. El-Erian, chief economic adviser at the financial firm Allianz, wrote in an email that “modern monetary theory has merit in stimulating debate” on whether those changes provide “for governments to run larger economically sustainable deficits than was previously thought possible.”Besides the risk of government deficits, M.M.T. throws out a drawerful of other venerable assumptions with Marie Kondo-esque ruthlessness. To start, it instructs you to erase that textbook drawing of a white-haired Uncle Sam collecting tax dollars from the public and then using them to pay for military weapons, highway repairs, federal workers’ wages and more.Tax revenues are not what finance the government’s expenditures, argues Stephanie Kelton, an economist at Stony Brook University and one of the most influential modern monetary theorists. What actually happens in a country that controls its own currency, she says, is that the government first decides what it’s going to spend. In the United States, Congress agrees on a budget. Then government agencies start handing out dollars to the public to pay for those tanks, earth movers and salaries. Afterward, it takes a portion back in the form of taxes. If the government takes back less than it gave out, there will be a deficit.“The national debt is nothing more than a historical record of all of the dollars that were spent into the economy and not taxed back, and are currently being saved in the form of Treasury securities,” Ms. Kelton said.Ms. Kelton, a frequent speaker at business and financial conferences and the chief economic adviser to Mr. Sanders during his 2016 presidential campaign, points out that every dollar the government spends translates into a dollar of income for someone else. So a deficit in the public sector simultaneously produces a surplus outside the government.The reverse is also true, Ms. Kelton maintains, and that can lead to trouble. The seven biggest American depressions or downturns going back 200 years, she said, were all preceded by government surpluses.Ms. Kelton complains that modern monetary theorists are often incorrectly described as contending that “deficits don’t matter.” Of course they matter, she said.What she disagrees with is the reason given. In her view, deficits are not a sign of excessive spending or necessarily a forerunner of inflation. They can be too big, especially if they are not used to increase the nation’s productive capacity, or if there is a shortage of labor, raw materials and factories.“If Congress authorizes too much spending and businesses are not nimble enough” to absorb it, there can be bottlenecks and price pressure, she acknowledged.But she argues that it is much more likely that deficits are too small, depriving the economy of critical investments. The best way to stabilize the economy and ensure full employment and a humming economy, she said, is to have the federal government guarantee every American a job.The notion that surpluses could cause economic downturns flips conventional thinking. Yet the idea of sectoral balances — that government or nongovernment deficits are offset by surpluses on the other side — is what some financial economists find so illuminating, even if they stop short of endorsing all of the theory’s tenets.“It is a great way of summarizing whether households and firms are living beyond their means,” said Mr. Hatzius of Goldman Sachs. “It is a great indicator of potential financial crises.”In his view, giant private-sector deficits are much more alarming than public-sector ones because households and companies are at much greater risk of losing access to credit in a downturn. Unlike the Treasury, they can’t print money — or issue bonds — when they run out.Mr. McCulley, now retired from Pimco, used the same kind of analysis to guide his investing decisions after the financial crisis. He figured the only way that private borrowers could shrink their vast storehouse of debt was to have the government buy up those assets. He was unconcerned that the federal deficit would balloon as a result.Pimco’s view during the crisis, he said, was “shake hands with the government,” because it had the largest checkbook. That is why the firm invested heavily, for example, in the federally guaranteed mortgage-backed securities that most other firms were shedding.Mr. Koo of Nomura has further developed the idea of sectoral balances to explain the most recent wave of recessions and argue for larger government deficits. The problem that major economies in Japan, Europe and the United States have today, he said, is that despite low interest rates, investment opportunities in domestic markets don’t offer sufficient returns to lure borrowers to go into debt, using the vast pools of available savings.That means “the government has to spend money to keep the economy going,” he said. And as long as the government invests in projects that produce an economic return greater than the yield on 10-year Treasury notes — currently about 2.5 percent — “this will never be a burden on taxpayers.”Ray Dalio, the founder of Bridgewater Associates, one of the world’s largest hedge funds, made a similar point in a paper he released recently about saving capitalism. Without any specific reference to M.M.T., he noted that “policymakers pay too much attention to budgets relative to returns on investments.”The View From St. CroixA couple of M.M.T.’s academic strongholds are the University of Missouri-Kansas City and the Levy Economics Institute at Bard College. And there, too, Wall Street’s attraction to the theory has played a role.Warren Mosler, a hedge-fund mogul who resides in low-tax St. Croix, helped bankroll some of the work at those schools, donating money for student scholarships and conferences.Mr. Mosler developed some of the ideas underlying M.M.T. from his own observations of financial operations, and has written a couple of short treatises.He is used to doubters. “It’s astounding,” he said. How could the Fed chairman be wrong, he mused, and “somebody sitting in St. Croix in a pair of shorts be right?”Ron Biscardi, chief executive of the investment firm Context Capital Partners, was one of those persuaded by the guy in shorts. When he read Mr. Mosler’s book, the ideas struck him as both revolution and revelation.Mr. Biscardi’s company also runs conferences for the hedge-fund industry to which he has invited Ms. Kelton as a speaker. He had recently returned from one at the Fontainebleau Hotel in Miami Beach that featured tête-à-têtes between hundreds of investors and alternative asset managers and a keynote speech by Gary Cohn, the former director of the Trump administration’s National Economic Council.Mr. Biscardi described himself as a libertarian and conservative. To him, modern monetary theory means not only more government spending on infrastructure, but also lower taxes on the wealthy. After all, if government deficits can grow larger, there’s no need to raise as much revenue.To many mainstream economists, though, M.M.T. is a confused mishmash that proponents use to support their political objectives, whether big government programs like “Medicare for all” and the Green New Deal or smaller taxes. Think of the Mirror of Erised in the Harry Potter saga, which shows the heart’s desire — a tantalizing prospect that ultimately brings ruin.From this perspective, M.M.T. is a version of free-lunchonomics, leaving the next generation to pay for this generation’s profligacy.Although several prominent mainstream economists have recently revised their thinking about the risks of large government debt, they continue to reject other tenets of M.M.T.At some point, they insist, if the government just creates money to pay the bills, hyperinflation will kick in.“The idea that deficits don’t matter for countries that can borrow in their own currency I think is just wrong,” the Federal Reserve chairman, Jerome H. Powell, testified before the Senate Banking Committee in February.Reckoning With KeynesNarayana Kocherlakota, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis from 2009 to 2015, is aware of the conflicts between M.M.T. and the traditional framework developed by John Maynard Keynes, in which it is rooted.But he is more struck by their similarities rather than their differences. Both recommend that government should spend when the private sector isn’t doing enough to employ the nation’s work force, raw materials and factories to prompt growth. Both deem inflation to be insidious.The inflationary threat looms particularly large for economists of his generation, Mr. Kocherlakota, 55, said. For them, the seminal experience was the scarring inflation of the 1970s. “The big lesson was that resources are always scarce,” he said.But over the past decade, he said, his thinking has evolved. Now Mr. Kocherlakota is more inclined to believe that scarcity is not the overriding problem and that the federal government could spend more without risk of excessive inflation.If you put aside the theoretical disputations, Mr. Kocherlakota said, the important question is: How far is the United States from reaching the limits of its capacity?Even with a jobless rate under 4 percent, he believes there is room to maneuver.Mr. Kocherlakota said that compared to those within the Fed, chief executives, financiers and analysts who operate internationally tend to be more open to modern monetary theory in their analyses of government deficits and inflation.“Folks who take a global perspective are much more likely to see a lot of unused capacity,” he said. They realize “inflation is not built at home anymore, it’s built through global pressures.”Mr. McCulley, the Pimco alumnus, would put his money on that. Increasing the deficit so that the government could invest in infrastructure and the labor force “would not make me bearish on the stock market at all,” he said.“At all,” he repeated. “If anything, it would make me bullish.”The economy’s remarkably steady job-creation machine sputtered in February and produced a mere 20,000 jobs. It was the smallest gain in well over a year and came on top of other signs that the economy was off to a sluggish start in 2019. For months, the labor market could be counted on for an upbeat counterpoint to negative developments, including a fragile global economy weighed down by trade tensions. In the United States, growth for the first quarter is expected to dance around the 1 percent bar, as the shot of adrenaline delivered by last year’s tax cuts fades. Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust in Chicago, said Friday’s news from the Labor Department was worrisome. “This is a disappointing report,” he said. “I don’t think there’s any way to sugarcoat it.”But the longer-term trend is what matters, and there were competing interpretations of whether the report was a troubling omen or a fluke.Beyond the month’s payroll figure, the report offered some unambiguously good news, including 3.4 percent year-over-year wage growth, the strongest in a decade.  Revisions to previous months’ estimates added 12,000 jobs, bringing the average gains for December, January and February to 186,000. The official jobless rate fell to 3.8 percent, from 4 percent in January. A broader measure of employment that includes part-timers who would prefer full-time work and those too discouraged to search fell to 7.3 percent from 8.1 percent. “That’s a year’s worth of improvement in one month,” said G. Scott Clemons, chief investment strategist at the private bank Brown Brothers Harriman. Aftereffects of the government shutdown and wretched weather may have contributed to anomalies in the report. “This is the strangest jobs report I’ve seen in a long time,” Mr. Clemons said. “It’s bizarre. I can’t help but think there is noise in there.” During the decade-long expansion, the economy has churned out 20 million jobs. The anemic job creation and rising wages could indicate that the pool of available workers was drying up, and employers were having trouble filling openings.“The real challenge is the shortage of people,” said Tom Gimbel, chief executive of LaSalle Network, a staffing firm in Chicago. He said he speaks to roughly two dozen hiring managers and chief executives every week, and everyone is bullish. “I haven’t had anybody in 2019 tell me that they’re not going to be adding head count,” he said. But the combination of the payroll news with the prospect of torpid first-quarter growth and stubborn trade disputes cannot be brushed off, said Mr. Tannenbaum, the Northern Trust economist. “It’s a signal we need to be cautious with the U.S. economic outlook,” he added.  On Wall Street, the S&P 500 was down roughly 0.2 percent on Friday. It was the fifth straight decline for the index, a marked slowdown after the first two months of the year. The fallout from the government shutdownThe labor report could reflect some of the confusion and delays prompted by the 35-day partial government shutdown, which extended through most of January. Furloughed federal workers and affected contractors had to scrounge for part-time work when their paychecks were halted. Those circumstances were reflected in January’s report, which showed that the number of workers who snagged part-time jobs for economic reasons jumped by nearly half a million and those temporarily unemployed rose by roughly 175,000.“They now have paychecks and don’t need to drive Uber to make ends meet,” said Diane Swonk, chief economist at the accounting firm Grant Thornton. The shutdown also postponed hiring both within the government and in the private sector, in part because the federal electronic service that verifies the employment eligibility of prospective workers — E-Verify — was not operating. Some of those hires, particularly in the public sector, may be in the pipeline. Government payrolls — federal, state and local — were down by 5,000.Delays in income-tax refunds may also have had an impact, if people held off with discretionary purchases, Ms. Swonk said. The leisure and hospitality showed no growth. Some of the layoffs that big retailers like Gap, JCPenney, Sears, Dollar Tree and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced may be starting to trickle through as well, with a drop of 6,100 in the retail sector.In addition, the construction industry, which is closely linked to weather conditions, shed 31,000 jobs last month.More broadly, optimism continues Outside of the government’s report, signs of employer confidence were still evident. “I’ve been in this business over 40 years, and February always presents kind of a pause,” said William H. Stoller, chairman and chief executive of Express Employment Professionals, which is based in Oklahoma City. He compared it to taking a breath during a marathon, before a second wind kicks in. “I don’t see it hitting the wall at all at this point,” he said.Other recruiting and employment professionals also expect the labor market to regain its momentum. Bill Ravenscroft, a senior vice president at the staffing firm Adecco, pointed to a growing willingness to convert temporary workers into full-time staff members. The high rate of conversion, he said, shows there is little concern that layoffs will be needed down the road.With job postings outpacing applicants, Adecco has started to offer daily pay to lure more people into the pool of potential workers. Many job seekers can’t wait two weeks for the paychecks, Mr. Ravenscroft said. Now, “if you log eight hours that day, you get paid for it.”Sanford Health’s weight-loss and lifestyle program, Profile, has been on a hiring binge, said Nate Malloy, Profile’s chief executive. He said he expected 100 new locations, many of them franchises, to open this year. “We’re adding around 50 to 100 employees a month” across locations, he said. Most are health coaches, with starting wages of $15 to $20 an hour. As has been the case throughout the recovery, job opportunities can vary widely by region. Hard-pressed rural areas have experienced the slowest growth in employment, yet residents are often unable or unwilling to abandon their homes and move to other areas. The job growth reflected in the monthly reports is spread relatively evenly across large urban areas, but the Brookings Institution’s Hamilton Project found that “rural counties — the majority of which were already struggling — seem to be increasingly left behind with employment barely growing over the last five years.”Nationwide, though, employers talked about their hiring plans. Ace Hardware, a cooperative of independently owned and operated hardware stores, expects an additional 160 stores will open this year, creating 2,500 jobs, said Kane Calamari, the company’s personnel chief. Of the 681 employers surveyed last month by Vistage, an association of small-business owners and executives, nearly 60 percent said they planned to increase their total staff over the next 12 months. That share is down from last year, said Joe Galvin, Vistage’s chief research officer, but is still strong.And on Twitter, President Trump continued to be an enthusiastic cheerleader for the economy. Shortly after the report’s release Friday morning, he cited a Fox News commentator’s observation that United States has “the strongest economy in the world,” writing, “So true!”Matt Phillips contributed reporting.With more than a year and a half to go before the 2020 elections, Republicans can take comfort in a number of factors.The result of the Mueller investigation has set back Democratic hopes for an easy victory; the history of presidents running for a second term favors incumbents; and the economy under Trump is booming.Trump, however, has stepped on his own re-election prospects. His 2020 budget proposal calls for a $845 billion cut over 10 years in Medicare, a $25 billion cut in Social Security and a $1.5 trillion cut in Medicaid — programs that benefit the old, the disabled and the poor.More recently, the Department of Justice announced its support for a suit brought by a group of Republican attorneys general seeking to have the entire Affordable Care Act — which currently provides medical care for 8.5 million Americans — declared invalid. This foreshadows Trump’s gamble on his continuing ability to sell the dark issues of racial resentment and cultural alienation that dominated the 2016 campaign.But what is the current state of play in the American electorate?Two major studies released this month, the General Social Survey and the Cooperative Congressional Election Study, reveal some generally positive trends for Democrats: defections in the Midwest among Trump voters, as well as a shift to the left among all voters on issues of race, immigration and spending on the poor.G. Elliott Morris, a political analyst for The Economist, examined state-by-state data in the Cooperative Congressional Election Study. In an email, Morris wrote that the 2018 results make it clearthat the president has lost a significant amount of support across the nation, both among his “core" or “base” supporters and the rest. While millions of suburban whites who voted for Trump in 2016 cast ballots in 2018 for Democratic House and Senate candidates, “the defection runs much deeper than that,” Morris said. Not only did better-off suburbanites defect, “but more important so did working class whites.”“My analysis of the 2018 C.C.E.S. data,” Morris continued, “finds that 7 percent of white voters without a college education left Trump’s side.” These non-college whites were crucial to Trump’s Electoral College victory, and “small numbers of defections could make a big difference,” especially in the Midwest, where, according to Morris, they make up 57 percent of the voters, compared with 47 percent nationwide.In 2016, Trump capitalized on hostility to immigrants and minorities. Tom Wood, a political scientist at Ohio State, examined the General Social Survey data and found a noticeable, albeit modest, increase in social and cultural tolerance in 2018 among all voters. That a rise in tolerance is a negative for Republicans speaks for itself.“Quite contrary to popular concerns,” Wood wrote in an email, “it seems that the American public has only grown more tolerant and inclusive over recent decades,” before adding, “There’s been meaningful improvement, or stability, in each of these measures of tolerance since the early 1990s.”The General Social Survey found, for example, growing numbers in favor of federal spending for the poor. Among all those surveyed, the percentage saying that too little is spent on the poor rose from 70 percent in 2014 to 86 percent in 2018 among Democrats and from 38 to 56 percent among Republicans.“I’d be reluctant to infer too much about this for the electoral stakes for 2020,” Wood wrote,but it does suggest that much anguishing about the U.S. electorate — that it’s growing more adverse to minorities, and is becoming scientifically uniformed on issues of high political charge — is basically wrong.In another development with substantial political consequences, the national religious landscape is changing in a direction favorable to the left: Americans with no religious affiliation — a disproportionately Democratic constituency — have now become the largest religious group, edging past evangelical Americans and Catholics by the slimmest of margins, as the accompanying graphic shows.The rise of nonbelievers is even more politically significant if white evangelicals are considered separately from their heavily Democratic black, Hispanic and other minority counterparts.White evangelicals, according to Ryan Burge, a political scientist at Eastern Illinois University, now make up 18.6 percent of the population, 4.4 percentage points less than the 23 percent of the population who profess no religious commitment.Among white evangelicals, Republicans outnumber Democrats 61.1 percent to 21.7 percent, according to Burge. Among those without religious affiliation, Democrats outnumber Republicans 53 percent to 21.5 percent.Robert Jones, the C.E.O. of the Public Religion Research Institute, and Paul Djupe, a political scientist at Denison University, observe that the edging out of white evangelicals by the nonreligious — known to pollsters as “Nones” — is almost certain to drive remaining white evangelicals further into the ranks of the Republican Party.Jones wrote in an email that, according to the new General Society Survey data, “today, the religiously unaffiliated outnumber white evangelical Protestants” by nearly 7 percentage points.The decrease in the percentage of white evangelicals began, Jones continued, during President Barack Obama’s eight years in power. According to Jones, the anxieties that produced about a changing country and white evangelicals’ place in it were actually integral to pushing white evangelical Protestants toward support for Donald Trump in 2016. So these changes are not just now upon us; they’ve been an engine driving the political dynamics for some time. But the new G.S.S. data shows them continuing unabated.In other words, in the short term, as they feel they are being eclipsed, white evangelicals become more politically engaged, more assertive — and more dangerous to their opponents.Burge claims, however, that the long-term future of the conservative evangelical movement could be in doubt:It’s going to run into a demographic brick wall going forward. 81 percent of evangelicals in 2018 were white, compared to 72.4 percent of the overall population. Among younger voters 18 to 25, “only 60 percent are white,” according to Burge.Ultimately, Burge argued,hitching their wagon to Trump may stave off some losses now, but it may be a fatal strategy in ten or twenty years.While the trends highlighted in the Cooperative Congressional Election Study and General Social Survey are generally favorable to the Democratic Party, they also point to obstacles Democrats face.Stephen Ansolabehere, a political scientist at Harvard, noted that more than two thirds of sitting presidents have been re-elected. He went on to point out that “presidential second term elections are driven strongly by the economy.” Ansolabehere maintains thatif the economy is steaming along Trump will have the wind in his sails. The presidents who faltered in recent memory are Carter and Bush senior, both of whom faced weak economies.Brian Schaffner, a political scientist at Tufts, raised another issue. “There is certainly some good news for Democrats,” he wrote, but “the caveat seems to be that opinion is mostly moving for the people who were already inclined to support Democrats,” before adding: “What we don’t see is much movement among Republicans.”Schaffner, who serves along with Ansolabehere as a principal investigator at the Cooperative Congressional Election Study, also cautioned in an email against putting too much stock in the data showing that some voters who had cast ballots for Trump switched to Democratic House candidates in 2018.“The C.C.E.S. data do show that about twice as many Trump voters flipped to supporting Democrats in 2018 as Clinton voters switched to Republicans,” Schaffner wrote, “which suggests that a lot of those ‘blue wall’ states from 2016 may be leaning against Trump slightly as we head to 2020.”He warned, however, “that all of these shifts are relatively small in the aggregate, which means we aren’t necessarily too far from where we were in November, 2016.” While Trump in 2016 benefited from “a decent amount of luck” in losing the popular vote but winning the Electoral College, “it is certainly possible that it could happen again absent some larger shift in opinion.”“On paper, the election is the Democrats' to lose,” Zach Goldberg, a political scientist at Georgia State University, contended in an email. The problem for Democrats, in Goldberg’s view, is that the party and its candidatelack a coherent immigration policy or message that addresses the reasonable concerns of non-cosmopolitan voters. They’ve yet to grapple with the serious tension between supporting chain-based immigration and advocating for the enlargement of the welfare state. Moral appeals (“we’re a nation of immigrants”) will only take them so far, and often backfires.Goldberg has developed his own tolerance measure that points to a significant internal conflict among Democrats. What Goldberg found is that among whites, young liberals between the ages of 18 and 29 had the lowest levels of tolerance for racist speech, with a 1.31 score. In contrast, those with the highest tolerance scores were white liberals over the age of 50 (1.84) and young white conservatives (1.94).The 2018 Cooperative Congressional Election Study raises another question about the validity of pro-Democratic predictions based on these large-scale surveys.Alexander Agadjanian, a senior research associate in the political science department at M.I.T., pointed out that Democrats make up the largest share of those moving in a liberal direction on racial issues, while independent voters showed much smaller movement in a liberal direction.“Wow,” Agadjanian declared on Twitter, “white Democrats continue huge movement left on issues of race into 2018,” as the accompanying chart shows.These findings suggest that there are two reasons Democratic strategists should be wary of overreliance on rising levels of racial liberalism.First, most of the shift is among voters who are already loyal Democrats and therefore it does not represent major additional support for the party. Second, the shift is as much or more a response to Trump’s racism as it is a genuine shift in opinion.An article of faith among political professionals is that incumbents are helped by a strong economy. It is, however, not clear that this will apply to Trump, whose appeal in 2016 was strongest in sections of the country suffering economic distress.Another unknown is whether support for Trump’s re-election by the members of the white working class will be diminished — and turnout constrained — by any success the administration has in ameliorating their economic suffering. Put another way, insofar as anger over economic conditions motivated high turnout and approval among a key segment of Trump voters in 2016, it may be less of a motivating force in 2020.Jed Kolko, chief economist at Indeed, an online job site, produced graphics from the G.S.S. survey suggesting that unless the economy goes south, Trump’s white base will be far less discontented in 2020 than it was in 2016. Kolko found that in 2016, 31 percent of white Republicans said they did not expect their standard of living to improve; in 2018, only 8 percent were that pessimistic. Pessimism about future living standards declined only slightly for Democrats, from 24 to 21 percent.Trump’s explosive persona, the investigations underway in the House and by state and federal prosecutors, not to mention the quality of the Democratic nominee, will all play a crucial role in 2020 — along with much we cannot yet imagine.While many political analysts believe that the presidential contest favors the Democrats, Republicans have some advantages. Most important, at this point none of the Democratic presidential candidates has developed an authoritative and credible strategy to turn out loyal constituencies in large numbers while attracting persuadable but less liberal voters torn between left and right. Furthermore, the very diversity and heterogeneity of the Democratic coalition — one of its core strengths — has attracted an extraordinary range of candidates, which in and of itself breeds a diffusion of focus — what The Atlantic’s Ron Brownstein calls tough competition for “almost every group of voters imaginable.”Along those lines, Democrats have demonstrated a spectacular talent for tripping themselves up over the years, for losing when victory is in reach.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Federal Reserve officials decided in late January to pause their steady campaign to raise interest rates as the global economic outlook became less certain and financial markets failed to appreciate the Fed’s willingness to shift if the economy weakened, according to the minutes of that meeting released on Wednesday.Fed officials concluded that a pause posed “few risks” for a strong economy in which prices continued to increase at a subdued rate, the minutes show. The Fed did not see any immediate threats to America’s economic expansion, but officials indicated they were worried enough about potential risks — including slowing growth in China and Europe, trade tensions, a volatile stock market and a prolonged government shutdown — to postpone rate increases.Whether the Fed will raise rates at all in 2019 remains unclear. The minutes show a divergence among Fed officials, with “several” saying they believed it would be appropriate to raise rates again later this year “if the economy evolved as they expected.” Others were less eager to resume the increases, particularly if inflation remained below the Fed’s 2 percent target.James Bullard, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, suggested to reporters this month that the Fed had gone too far with rate increases last year. Other officials have said in recent days they expect rate increases to resume, a view the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland president, Loretta J. Mester, expressed in a speech this week.Markets found little new information in the minutes. The S&P 500, which had been negative earlier in the day, rose slightly. Treasury bond yields barely budged.The January meeting was a departure by the Fed from what had been a slow and steady march toward higher rates and less stimulative monetary policy amid a strengthening economy. After five consecutive quarters of raising rates, Fed officials left them unchanged in January, as expected. But they surprised markets in the policy statement released after the meeting, which dropped previous language that said “some further gradual increases” in interest rates would be warranted in the months to come.That shift appears to have been, in part, a corrective note to financial markets, which officials believed had turned volatile in December on the belief that Fed officials were not sufficiently worried about economic uncertainty at home and abroad — or willing to adopt more stimulative policy measures if those uncertainties turned into economic drags.The Fed’s communication after its December meeting, when officials raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point, “were reportedly perceived by market participants as not fully appreciating the tightening of financial conditions and the associated downside risks to the U.S. economic outlook that had emerged since the fall,” the minutes said.Officials worried in particular that investors did not have a clear picture of how the Fed planned to deal with the slimming of the bond portfolio it amassed in the wake of the financial crisis. In addition to lowering interest rates to near zero, the Fed tried to goose the economy by purchasing large quantities of mortgage bonds and Treasury securities, as a way to encourage investors to buy riskier assets, like stocks.The Fed has slowly been winnowing that $4 trillion portfolio by allowing up to $50 billion in bonds to mature each month, but officials appeared to agree in January that the balance sheet runoff should end this year.Officials agreed that “it would be desirable to announce before too long a plan to stop reducing the Federal Reserve’s asset holdings later this year” and said the announcement “would provide more certainty about the process for completing the normalization of the size of the Federal Reserve’s balance sheet.”The minutes also highlighted just how hard it is for the Fed, which does not traffic in plain language, to always effectively communicate its plans. At the January meeting, Fed officials noted that investors were perceiving the central bank to be “insufficiently flexible” in both its rate increase campaign and its balance sheet runoff.Fed officials tried to change those perceptions after both the December and January meetings. The Fed chairman, Jerome H. Powell, said in a news conference on Jan. 30 that officials had concluded that recent economic developments — including slowing global growth, turmoil in financial markets and uncertainty over trade negotiations — had pushed the central bank to “a patient, wait-and-see approach regarding future policy changes.”“We are now facing a somewhat contradictory picture of generally strong U.S. macroeconomic performance, alongside growing evidence of crosscurrents,” Mr. Powell said. “At such times, common sense risk management suggests patiently awaiting greater clarity.”Curt Long, the chief economist at the National Association of Federally-Insured Credit Unions, said the minutes revealing the shift to a more “patient” stance were “certainly a nod to jittery markets.”Greg McBride, the chief financial analyst for Bankrate.com, was more blunt: “It’s evident the Fed was rattled by the markets and caved,” he wrote on Wednesday.The minutes show Fed officials saw little downside to the shift. They show officials “pointed to a variety of considerations that supported a patient approach to monetary policy,” including the need for additional economic data, which would help policymakers better gauge business and consumer sentiment.The Fed also believed that being patient would allow more time to determine the effect of President Trump’s trade war with China and other countries and the economic damage from the prolonged government shutdown, which had not been resolved at the time of the January meeting.“Information arriving in coming months could also shed light on the effects of the recent partial federal government shutdown on the U.S. economy and on the results of the budget negotiations occurring in the wake of the shutdown, including the possible implications for the path of fiscal policy,” the minutes said.The pause had its desired effect with investors, as markets celebrated that news with a rally that has since continued.Other critics of the Fed’s interest rate campaign also appear to have been pleased. Mr. Trump — who has repeatedly criticized the Fed for raising interest rates — dined with Mr. Powell soon after the meeting. Many liberal economists also cheered the move to slow rate increases, saying it would help workers by continuing to buoy the labor market and potentially raise wages.PHOENIX — It’s hard to miss the dogged technological ambition pervading this sprawling desert metropolis.There’s Intel’s $7 billion, seven-nanometer chip plant going up in Chandler. In Scottsdale, Axon, the maker of the Taser, is hungrily snatching talent from Silicon Valley as it embraces automation to keep up with growing demand. Start-ups in fields as varied as autonomous drones and blockchain are flocking to the area, drawn in large part by light regulation and tax incentives. Arizona State University is furiously churning out engineers. And yet for all its success in drawing and nurturing firms on the technological frontier, Phoenix cannot escape the uncomfortable pattern taking shape across the American economy: Despite all its shiny new high-tech businesses, the vast majority of new jobs are in workaday service industries, like health care, hospitality, retail and building services, where pay is mediocre.The forecast of an America where robots do all the work while humans live off some yet-to-be-invented welfare program may be a Silicon Valley pipe dream. But automation is changing the nature of work, flushing workers without a college degree out of productive industries, like manufacturing and high-tech services, and into tasks with meager wages and no prospect for advancement.Automation is splitting the American labor force into two worlds. There is a small island of highly educated professionals making good wages at corporations like Intel or Boeing, which reap hundreds of thousands of dollars in profit per employee. That island sits in the middle of a sea of less educated workers who are stuck at businesses like hotels, restaurants and nursing homes that generate much smaller profits per employee and stay viable primarily by keeping wages low.Even economists are reassessing their belief that technological progress lifts all boats, and are beginning to worry about the new configuration of work. Recent research has concluded that robots are reducing the demand for workers and weighing down wages, which have been rising more slowly than the productivity of workers. Some economists have concluded that the use of robots explains the decline in the share of national income going into workers’ paychecks over the last three decades.Because it pushes workers to the less productive parts of the economy, automation also helps explain one of the economy’s thorniest paradoxes: Despite the spread of information technology, robots and artificial intelligence breakthroughs, overall productivity growth remains sluggish.“The view that we should not worry about any of these things and follow technology to wherever it will go is insane,” said Daron Acemoglu, an economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.Semiconductor companies like Intel or NXP are among the most successful in the Phoenix area. From 2010 to 2017, the productivity of workers in such firms — a measure of the dollar value of their production — grew by about 2.1 percent per year, according to an analysis by Mark Muro and Jacob Whiton of the Brookings Institution. Pay is great: $2,790 a week, on average, according to government statistics.But the industry doesn’t generate that many jobs. In 2017, the semiconductor and related devices industry employed 16,600 people in the Phoenix area, about 10,000 fewer than three decades ago. “We automate the pieces that can be automated,” said Paul Hart, a senior vice president running the radio-frequency power business at NXP’s plant in Chandler. “The work force grows but we need A.I. and automation to increase the throughput.”Axon, which makes the Taser as well as body cameras used by police forces, is also automating whatever it can. Today, robots make four times as many Taser cartridges as 80 workers once did less than 10 years ago, said Bill Denzer, Axon’s vice president for manufacturing. Workers’ jobs were saved because the company brought other manufacturing work back from Mexico.The same is true across the high-tech landscape. Aircraft manufacturing employed 4,234 people in 2017, compared to 4,028 in 2010. Computer systems design services employed 11,000 people in 2017, up from 7,000 in 2010.To find the bulk of jobs in Phoenix, you have to look on the other side of the economy: where productivity is low. Building services, like janitors and gardeners, employed nearly 35,000 people in the area in 2017, and health care and social services accounted for 254,000 workers. Restaurants and other eateries employed 136,000 workers, 24,000 more than at the trough of the recession in 2010. They made less than $450 a week.The biggest single employer in town is Banner Health, which has about 50,000 workers throughout a vast network that includes hospitals, outpatient clinics and home health aides. Though it employs high-paid doctors, it relies on an army of lower paid orderlies and technicians. A nursing assistant in Phoenix makes $31,000 a year, on average. A home health aide makes $24,000. While Banner invests heavily in technology, the machines do not generally reduce demand for workers. “There are not huge opportunities to increase productivity, but technology has a significant impact on quality,” said Banner’s chief operating officer, Becky Kuhn.The 58 most productive industries in Phoenix — where productivity ranges from $210,000 to $30 million per worker, according to Mr. Muro’s and Mr. Whiton’s analysis — employed only 162,000 people in 2017, 14,000 more than in 2010. Employment in the 58 industries with the lowest productivity, where it tops out at $65,000 per worker, grew 10 times as much over the period, to 673,000.The same is true across the national economy. Jobs grow in health care, social assistance, accommodation, food services, building administration and waste services. Not only are some of the tasks tough to automate, employers have little financial incentive to replace low-wage workers with machines.On the other end of the spectrum, the employment footprint of highly productive industries, like finance, manufacturing, information services and wholesale trade, has shrunk over the last 30 years.Economists have a hard time getting their heads around this. Steeped in the belief that technology inevitably leads to better jobs and higher pay, they long resisted the notion that the Luddites of the 19th century, who famously thrashed the weaving machines that were taking their jobs, might have had a point. “In the standard economic canon, the proposition that you can increase productivity and harm labor is bunkum,” Mr. Acemoglu said.By reducing prices and improving quality, technology was expected to raise demand, which would require more jobs. What’s more, economists thought, more productive workers would have higher incomes. This would create demand for new, unheard-of things that somebody would have to make.To prove their case, economists pointed confidently to one of the greatest technological leaps of the last few hundred years, when the rural economy gave way to the industrial era.In 1900, agriculture employed 12 million Americans. By 2014, tractors, combines and other equipment had flushed 10 million people out of the sector. But as farm labor declined, the industrial economy added jobs even faster. What happened? As the new farm machines boosted food production and made produce cheaper, demand for agricultural products grew. And farmers used their higher incomes to purchase newfangled industrial goods.The new industries were highly productive and also subject to furious technological advancement. Weavers lost their jobs to automated looms; secretaries lost their jobs to Microsoft Windows. But each new spin of the technological wheel, from plastic toys to televisions to computers, yielded higher incomes for workers and more sophisticated products and services for them to buy.Something different is going on in our current technological revolution. In a new study, David Autor of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Anna Salomons of Utrecht University found that over the last 40 years, jobs have fallen in every single industry that introduced technologies to enhance productivity. The only reason employment didn’t fall across the entire economy is that other industries, with less productivity growth, picked up the slack. “The challenge is not the quantity of jobs,” they wrote. “The challenge is the quality of jobs available to low- and medium-skill workers.”Adair Turner, a senior fellow at the Institute for New Economic Thinking in London, argues that the economy today resembles what would have happened if farmers had spent their extra income from the use of tractors and combines on domestic servants. Productivity in domestic work doesn’t grow quickly. As more and more workers were bumped out of agriculture into servitude, productivity growth across the economy would have stagnated.“Until a few years ago, I didn’t think this was a very complicated subject; The Luddites were wrong and the believers in technology and technological progress were right,” Lawrence Summers, a former Treasury secretary and presidential economic adviser, said in a lecture at the National Bureau of Economic Research five years ago. “I’m not so completely certain now.”The growing awareness of robots’ impact on the working class raises anew a very old question: Could automation go too far? Mr. Acemoglu and Pascual Restrepo of Boston University argue that businesses are not even reaping large rewards for the money they are spending to replace their workers with machines.But the cost of automation to workers and society could be substantial. “It may well be that,” Mr. Summers said, “some categories of labor will not be able to earn a subsistence income.” And this could exacerbate social ills, from workers dropping out of jobs and getting hooked on painkillers, to mass incarceration and families falling apart.Silicon Valley’s dream of an economy without workers may be implausible. But an economy where most people toil exclusively in the lowliest of jobs might be little better.When President Trump signed a large package of tax cuts into law in 2017, the Internal Revenue Service moved to make sure the savings showed up quickly in paychecks. Doing so probably lifted consumer spending last year, but it may have hurt Republicans politically, new polling suggests.Administration officials, it appears, underestimated Americans’ love of tax refunds.Nearly four in five people say they would rather overpay their federal income taxes and get a refund every spring — effectively making an interest-free loan to the government — than underpay and owe money come tax season, according to a poll for The New York Times by the online research firm SurveyMonkey. That preference appears to be influencing how Americans view Mr. Trump’s signature cuts: Among people who have already filed their tax returns, those who said they received a bigger refund  this year are far more likely than others to approve of the law. But many people are reporting that their tax refunds are smaller this tax season, or that they owe money. In addition to being more likely than other Americans to say they oppose the law, those people feel worse about the economy over all. They are also significantly more likely to disapprove of Mr. Trump’s performance in office.The findings suggest that the administration’s decisions on withholding may have hurt the law politically.“I was hopeful that the rhetoric for once was going to match expectations and it did not,” said Tony Mendes, a 61-year-old federal employee in Denver. “I got back less than I would have anticipated.”Bigger paychecks for most — but smaller refunds for someIndependent analyses consistently show that the 2017 law gave most Americans a tax cut, and few families will end up paying more than under the previous rules.Federal officials faced a choice about how to pass those savings on to taxpayers. One option would have been to make most people wait until they filed tax returns this spring, delivering a tax-season windfall but essentially delaying the cut by a year. Instead, the I.R.S. chose to begin withholding less from workers’ paychecks early last year. That put more money in workers’ pockets right away, but made the effects of the tax cut harder to see, since the savings amounted to just a few dollars per pay period for many people.The new law made numerous changes to the tax code — eliminating and capping some deductions and credits while increasing others — and the revised withholding rules did not account for every situation. As a result, government auditors warned last year that the withholding changes would reduce refunds for several million Americans.Treasury officials acknowledged on Friday that some people had struggled to navigate the new withholding setup, leading them to underpay their taxes. The department will not charge a penalty to those who paid at least 80 percent of their total tax liability during the year, the officials said. Previously, the penalty threshold was 85 percent.As of last week, I.R.S. statistics showed that the average refund had not changed for those who had filed. But total filings were down, and the share of returns producing a refund had declined by 0.5 percentage points, or about 300,000 filers. (Experts caution against reading too much into tax statistics before the April filing deadline.)“You can see people potentially being frustrated if the tax season isn’t playing out the way they expected,” said Michelle Meyer, chief United States economist for Bank of America Merrill Lynch. “Other people might be quite pleased. It is quite split how people are being impacted by the tax cut.”Democrats have accused the Trump administration of political gamesmanship.“The Treasury Department under-withheld taxes from millions of families’ paychecks to make the benefits of the tax law appear greater before the 2018 election, and the bill is now coming due,” Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrat on the Finance Committee, said in an emailed statement. “Families who depend on annual tax refunds to pay down debt, cover medical expenses and afford car repairs are discovering their refunds are smaller or they owe money.”Smaller refunds could be hurting supportAmong people who have already filed tax returns, 32 percent said their refunds had shrunk from a year ago, compared with 22 percent who said their refunds had grown, according to the Times survey. Another 11 percent said they owed money this year.Tax refunds reflect the difference between what taxpayers had withheld during the year and what they actually owed. They reveal next to nothing about whether a given household got a tax cut under the 2017 law.Still, it is not always easy for taxpayers to figure out how they are affected by policy changes, and many people may draw conclusions based on the size of their refunds.Among survey respondents who said their refunds were smaller or that they owed money, just 35 percent believed they had gotten a tax cut as a result of the law. Among those whose refunds grew or stayed the same, on the other hand, 49 percent said they had gotten a tax cut.Cause and effect is not always straightforward in public opinion surveys. It is possible that people who already approved of Mr. Trump and his policies are more likely to believe their refunds had grown, or are at least more likely to report that to pollsters. Surveys in recent years have revealed growing partisan splits on views of the economy and other issues.Laura Wronski, a researcher for SurveyMonkey, noted that Republicans were more likely to say their refunds had gotten bigger. “It’s just unlikely that it aligns that perfectly along partisan lines,” she said. “It’s more likely that people are going to stick to the side they’re on.”Still, partisanship is not the whole story. Even among Republicans, those who said their refunds had shrunk were significantly less likely to believe they had received a tax cut.Will this year’s spending be affected?By adjusting workers’ paychecks right away, the I.R.S. may have helped pump up economic growth last year. People are more likely to spend small, incremental increases to their paychecks, economists said, whereas they often try to save larger  lump sums. Consumer spending surged in the middle of last year, helping the economy to one of its best years of the past decade.The uncertainty over tax refunds could now be dragging spending down. Low-income consumers, in particular, often rely on tax refunds to finance major purchases. Data from Bank of America showed a dip in spending among low-income households in February, which could reflect a delay in tax refunds.“If you’re used to getting a nice refund and then you discover you owe, that’s a big shock,” Ms. Meyer said.Low earners are not the only ones affected. Alan Abraham, who works in medical research in Pittsburgh, said he used his tax refund every year to buy season tickets to the Penguins. This year his refund was much smaller, and he has not decided whether to renew.Mr. Abraham said he paid more under the new tax law because of its cap on the deduction for state and local taxes, which hit him particularly hard because he owns two homes. A political independent who supports a flat tax, Mr. Abraham said he mistrusted politicians of both parties and did not vote in 2016. But he said the tax law had made him less likely to support Mr. Trump, whom he did not vote for in 2016, next year.“At the beginning I was, like, ‘Well, let’s see how he does,’” Mr. Abraham said. “Based on the fact that my tax bill has gone up, I actually wouldn’t vote for him.” The tax law has gotten more popularDespite the skepticism of people like Mr. Abraham, the tax law has gained support in recent months. Half of the survey’s respondents said they approved of the law, up from 45 percent in September and the highest share since February 2018. (The Times has not asked about the tax law every month.)There are signs that as more people file returns, they are discovering that they benefited from the law. Among those who had filed before completing the survey, 43 percent said they definitely or probably received a tax cut, compared with 35 percent of those who had not yet filed. “It seems like people are realizing as they’re going through the process of doing their taxes that, ‘Oh, things did improve for me, and I wasn’t expecting that,’” Ms. Wronski, the SurveyMonkey researcher, said.About the survey: The data in this article came from an online survey of 10,046 adults conducted by the polling firm SurveyMonkey from March 4 to March 10. The company selected respondents at random from the nearly three million people who take surveys on its platform each day. Responses were weighted to match the demographic profile of the population of the United States. The survey has a modeled error estimate (similar to a margin of error in a standard telephone poll) of plus or minus 1.5 percentage points, so differences of less than that amount are statistically insignificant.WASHINGTON — As President Trump dangles the possibility of extending a March deadline to reach a trade deal with China, his advisers are trying to secure firm commitments from Beijing to purchase more American products, prevent currency manipulation and end its practice of forcing American companies to hand over valuable technology.Negotiators from both countries, who are meeting in Washington over the next two days, are expected to trade memos and haggle over phrasing as they try to make progress toward a deal. But American officials are increasingly focused on ensuring that China, which has often reneged on promises to past administrations, actually adheres to any agreement.Whether a substantive deal can be reached in the coming days remains unclear. So far, the Chinese have largely reiterated promises to allow foreign car companies and banks freer access to the Chinese market and to increase purchases of American goods, including soybeans and semiconductors.In recent meetings, the Chinese made only vague commitments on structural issues, including protecting intellectual property and paring back heavy subsidies to state-owned enterprises, said William Reinsch, a former United States trade official and now a senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.“The Chinese have not yet put forward anything close to what we’re asking on the so-called structural issues,” Mr. Reinsch said. “There are differences of opinion on whether they will.”Complicating matters is Mr. Trump, who in recent days has appeared to undercut his advisers by saying that talks might outlast a March deadline that the president himself set in an effort to pressure China to cut a deal.“I can’t tell you exactly the timing,” Mr. Trump said on Tuesday, adding that the deadline he had set of midnight on March 1 “is not a magical date. A lot of things can happen.”On Thursday morning, Robert Lighthizer, the United States trade representative, flanked by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and the economic advisers Larry Kudlow and Peter Navarro, met with Liu He, China’s vice premier, and a team of Chinese advisers in the executive office building next to the White House. The meeting kicked off two days of top-level talks in which Mr. Lighthizer, a longtime China critic, hopes to secure promises from Beijing to make lasting structural changes to its economy.Mr. Trump plans to meet with Mr. Liu, the top trade adviser to President Xi Jinping of China, in the Oval Office on Friday afternoon. It will be the second such meeting between the two men in a matter of weeks.Much of the recent discussion has centered on deadlines and enforcement mechanisms to ensure that China keeps any promises for economic reforms. Mr. Lighthizer, Mr. Navarro and other trade advisers have often called out China for promising changes to American officials in the past, but then failing to follow through. The administration is considering a process that would allow tariffs to kick back in if the Chinese are found to have reneged on a commitment.In recent weeks, Mr. Trump has signaled that he is growing tired of the grinding pace of the negotiations, the infighting among his economic advisers and the increasing calls from rich Republican donors to wind down the trade dispute with China, according to a person familiar with the negotiations. Despite his desire to cut a deal quickly, increasing criticism from Democrats about being soft on China has pushed Mr. Trump to consider extending the talks in hopes of getting more concessions.The tone of the negotiations between the two nations has grown more stern, this person said. In recent meetings, Chinese officials have pushed back more aggressively against the administration’s accusations that China has engaged in a pattern of illegally obtaining American technology and information and that it has failed to make any changes the United States has called for.American officials have come to realize that China has been repackaging promised reforms and trying to sell them as concessions to Mr. Trump. This has caused deep frustration among the administration’s China hard-liners, including Mr. Navarro and Mr. Lighthizer, who have been skeptical that China will actually agree to new, substantive commitments.In the run-up to this week’s meeting, both sides have tried to begin formalizing the framework of an agreement around six memorandums of understanding. However, a detailed draft text of an agreement has not yet been written.“The Chinese are playing for an extension,” said Michael Pillsbury, a Hudson Institute scholar who advises the Trump administration and speaks regularly with Chinese officials. “That’s one of their top goals right now.”Mr. Pillsbury said that despite Mr. Trump’s hints about extending the deadline, they are expecting he will follow through on his “tariff man” instincts and raise levies on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods on March 2. He said he believes that China has prepared a package of structural concessions to offer the United States after those tariffs are increased in an effort to get all the tariffs rolled back.The administration has been searching for concrete, commercially based criteria for performance outcomes — not just superficial legal changes that leave no impact on the ground. For example, even though China has changed laws to allow foreign companies greater access to its markets, a variety of regulatory barriers and licensing requirements continue to prevent foreign companies from operating freely, said Scott Kennedy, a China scholar at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.“Even if they could agree to some sort of standards on structural reforms, having them come to agreement on what enforcement would look like, that’s even further of a stretch,” Mr. Kennedy said of the talks.Both countries have also floated measures that could undermine years of efforts aimed at making China’s economy more market oriented. The offers include large state-directed purchases of technological goods, natural gas and soybeans, as well as closer management of China’s currency. Those measures would violate Chinese promises to the World Trade Organization and the International Monetary Fund.But that may matter little to Mr. Trump, who has been largely focused on narrowing the trade gap between the two countries by getting China to buy more American products. The United States’ trade deficit with China is likely to increase in 2019, said Derek Scissors, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, increasing pressure on Mr. Trump to reach a deal that involves more American products flowing East.“It’s coming from, how do we close the bilateral goods deficit really fast,” Mr. Scissors said. “We need large, quick purchases from the Chinese so the president isn’t ripped to pieces for violating the metric he ran on in 2016.”China’s recent offers have included buying $200 billion of American semiconductors over the next six years, in addition to purchases of soybeans and natural gas. The eye-popping figure would help to reduce the $382 billion trade deficit in goods that the United States ran up with China last year, a metric that Mr. Trump often sees as evidence of a failed economic relationship.In return for buying more American products, the Chinese have asked Mr. Trump not to follow through on his threat to increase tariffs to 25 percent from 10 percent — and to hopefully remove the tariffs entirely. They have also pushed the United States to remove restrictions on exports of high-tech products to China as well as constraints on Chinese investments in the United States.Many analysts caution that China’s offer to buy large quantities of semiconductors is largely unrealistic, and would encourage the Chinese state to interfere in its economy to accomplish political goals, a practice past American administrations have tried to discourage.And it would also deliver further economic benefit to China in the long run. In order to increase the dollar value of shipments to China, the Chinese proposal would have American semiconductor companies move finishing and testing facilities from third countries like Vietnam and Malaysia into China, inflating the value of shipments directly from the United States to China while bolstering Chinese industry.John Neuffer, the president and chief executive of the Semiconductor Industry Association, said the offer raised numerous questions and threatened to sidetrack negotiations away from more important discussions surrounding China’s infringement on intellectual property and state subsidies.“The numbers simply don’t add up,” Mr. Neuffer said, “and we are concerned the offer would do little more than rearrange U.S. supply chains and artificially drive them deeper into China.”Mr. Trump’s advisers have also pressed China to refrain from further devaluing its currency to lift its economy as American tariffs bite. A drop in the value of the Chinese currency in the past year has already neutralized much of the economic effect of the 10 percent tariffs that Mr. Trump placed on roughly $200 billion of Chinese exports to the United States, said Eswar Prasad, a professor of international trade at Cornell University.Yet requiring China to manage its currency and keep it above a certain level would be a striking shift from the policy of past administrations, which have tried to encourage China to let the value of its currency rise and fall with market forces.“It’s a very odd way to approach this,” Mr. Prasad said, “to tell China, after having told them for all these years, ‘Let your currency be determined by market forces,’ to say, ‘Let your currency be determined by market forces only if it is appreciating.’”The final terms of the deal are likely to be worked out in a meeting or phone call between Mr. Xi and Mr. Trump himself. If so, Mr. Lighthizer’s job this week will be to narrow the suite of disagreements down to just a handful of remaining issues for the president to negotiate.A blockbuster jobs report and reassuring comments from the Federal Reserve chairman reminded investors Friday to relish, at least for now, the economy’s undeniable strengths.Markets reacted buoyantly, after lurching for weeks over a faltering outlook at home and signs of a global slowdown.The Labor Department report showed one of the strongest months of job gains in the last decade, with employers adding 312,000 to payrolls in December. Wages, which had been lagging until recently, showed impressive gains.Jerome H. Powell, the Fed chief, cheered the report, while offering assurances that policymakers would not move quickly to raise interest rates. Investors had been concerned that additional rate increases would weigh on growth. “2018, by so many measures, was a good year for the United States economy,” he said at an economic conference in Atlanta.He also sought to ease concerns about the stability of the central bank. When asked whether he would resign if President Trump asked him to, Mr. Powell simply said, “No.”Wall Street’s enthusiastic response to the jobs numbers was magnified by Mr. Powell’s comments. The S&P 500 index closed up more than 3 percent.“It’s an unequivocally phenomenal report all the way around,” said Ellen Zentner, chief United States economist at Morgan Stanley. “Anyone that finds something negative in this report is simply cherry picking.”Economists offered raves that could appear on a movie poster or a book jacket — “Extraordinary!” “Blowout,” “Wow!” The figures, they said, offer a resounding response to the question of whether a recession is imminent: “Never mind!” said David Berson, chief economist of Nationwide. “The fears of the economy tipping into a recession now have clearly been overstated.”Mr. Trump welcomed the stellar showing in televised remarks delivered in the White House Rose Garden. “312,000 jobs was a tremendous number and obviously having a big impact on the stock market today,” he said, adding that the pickup in wage growth was “beautiful to watch.”But the latest report comes in the context of flashing yellow lights elsewhere, which Mr. Powell acknowledged on Friday. There is an unresolved trade war with China, a nation already contending with an economic downturn that could dampen global demand. In the United States, there is a slump in the housing sector, with hints that the auto industry could be next.This week, Apple cut its revenue forecast for the first time in 16 years, citing flagging iPhone sales in China. Kevin Hassett, the chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers, said on CNN that Apple would not be the only victim of tensions with Beijing.“There are a heck of a lot of U.S. companies that have a lot of sales in China that are basically going to be watching their earnings be downgraded next year until we get a deal with China,” Mr. Hassett said.And on Thursday, the Institute for Supply Management released a survey showing the biggest drop in manufacturing activity since 2008. Many manufacturers blamed rising costs related to tariffs. (The index reading of 54.1 still showed an economy in expansion.) Measures of consumer confidence have also weakened recently.The stock market has been in the midst of its worst decline since the financial crisis.“We’re listening sensitively to the messages markets are sending,” Mr. Powell said Friday. But investors, he said, “are way ahead of the data.”Indeed, economists insist that there is more to celebrate than to fret over. In recent months, the unemployment rate has been hovering near a 50-year nadir. (The jobless rate rose last month, to 3.9 percent, but largely because new workers barreled into the labor force, suggesting that companies are luring stragglers back.) Job openings have hit record highs, and a growing number of workers are quitting, indicating confidence in their ability to find jobs.Wages, which for months only inched up, have begun to pick up more quickly. December’s year-over-year increase hit 3.2 percent, tying October for the biggest surge since 2009. The recovery has gone on for so long that it has finally begun to benefit the lowest-paid workers, who have seen the biggest pay gains.The competition for employees has become excruciating for people like Michael Haith, the chief executive of Teriyaki Madness, a fast-casual Japanese food chain. The restaurant needs to staff 50 new locations next year, which means hiring up to 1,000 workers. That’s not an easy feat in “a brutal market” for employers, Mr. Haith said.He vies for workers with big brands like Burger King. Rival businesses have sent recruiters into Teriyaki Madness stores to poach his employees with offers of higher salaries. In Colorado, where the chain is based, he’s also fending off marijuana farmers, who pay trimmers up to $17 an hour.“Good employees can pretty much go wherever they want,” Mr. Haith said. “It’s really an arms race.” His shops have increased wages by $1 or $2 an hour in the last year, just to keep up. He’s not alone. Food-service workers nationwide got particularly big pay bumps last year, according to the latest federal data.Moves like that are part of what made 2018 “a banner year for the labor market,” said Julia Pollak, a labor economist at the employment site ZipRecruiter. And the 99-month streak of job gains could get even longer. There are still Americans who do not have jobs or are not clocking as many hours as they would like. The share of people who have part-time positions but would prefer to work full time is higher today than it was in 2007.And a far smaller share of the American population is working today than before the recession. That decline is partly because of the aging of the baby boom generation. But even among people in their prime working years, employment is down from before the recession, and far below its peak at the height of the dot-com boom.“We are not yet at maximum employment,” Ms. Pollak said.Over all, employers added more jobs in 2018 than they did in 2017, at a monthly average of 220,000. But last year was unique, because Congress passed a big corporate tax cut that essentially bathed a sizzling economy in lighter fluid.“People got used to these eye-popping job-growth numbers,” said Martha Gimbel, director of research for the job-search site Indeed. Even if hiring slows in the coming months, she said, “it doesn’t mean that anything’s wrong, it just means we are heading back to normal.”But investors have to weigh that interpretation — that the economy is peacefully drifting toward less exciting times — against the possibility that it is reeling toward calamity. It hasn’t helped their mood (or Mr. Trump’s) that the Fed decided to raise its target lending rate four times in 2018.And even Friday’s stellar jobs numbers come with caveats. Each month’s figures are revised twice, and provide snapshots of the past, not the future. December’s report does not account for workers furloughed during the government shutdown, which began after last month’s surveys were conducted.Wall Street, of course, has the potential to create the bad news it seems to be anticipating. Concern over withering retirement funds could prompt Americans to tamp down on spending. And business owners might start to pull back on investments. That unholy feedback loop can begin to chip away at economic growth.“When market sentiment has gotten this negative, investors aren’t going to take one single data point and say: ‘Oh, we were wrong! Things are just fine,’” Ms. Zentner said. She added that people might hesitate to put their full faith in the forecasts of economists. “Look how right we were leading up to the financial crisis.”WASHINGTON — President Trump said the United States and China were moving closer toward a trade agreement and suggested that the fate of Huawei, the Chinese telecom giant facing criminal charges along with its chief financial officer, could be resolved as part of a final trade deal with Beijing.Ringed by his top advisers and a visiting Chinese delegation on Friday in the Oval Office, Mr. Trump said talks would continue through the weekend and that there was a “very, very good chance” of a deal with China being reached. He said he expected to meet personally with President Xi Jinping of China to “work out the final points,” most likely in March at Mar-a-Lago, the president’s resort in Palm Beach, Fla.The talks have been aimed at resolving the Trump administration’s concerns about China’s trade barriers and its treatment of American companies, including forcing firms to hand over valuable technology as a condition of doing business there. But Mr. Trump again indicated that he might intertwine a national security case with the trade talks, despite concerns from his own law enforcement and intelligence officials about doing so.Asked by a reporter if criminal charges against Huawei — which has been accused by the Justice Department of stealing trade secrets — could be dropped as part of the trade pact, the president said: “We’ll be talking to the U.S. attorneys and the attorney general. We’ll be making that decision.”In January, the United States unveiled sweeping charges against Huawei and its chief financial officer, Meng Wanzhou, outlining a decade-long attempt by the company to steal trade secrets, obstruct a criminal investigation and evade economic sanctions on Iran. After Ms. Meng was arrested last year in Canada at the behest of American law enforcement, Mr. Trump told Reuters that he “would certainly intervene” in her case “if I thought it was necessary” for a trade deal.Offering a reprieve to Huawei would come at an awkward time for the administration, which has been engaged in a global push to persuade other countries to ban the company’s equipment from the next generation of wireless networks, saying it is a security threat.The Trump administration has been preparing an executive order for Mr. Trump to sign that would prevent American companies from using equipment manufactured by Chinese companies, including Huawei. But on Friday, Mr. Trump appeared to be wavering on whether to follow through with that effort, which has been criticized by the Chinese government.“We may or may not put that in the trade agreement,” the president said, quickly adding, “But we would only do that in conjunction with the attorney general of the United States.”“I don’t want to block out anybody if we can help it,” he said.Administration officials provided varying degrees of optimism about the chances of actually reaching a trade deal with China. Mr. Trump said American and Chinese negotiators had reached several areas of agreement in a series of meetings this week in Washington, and he indicated that would most likely forestall a planned increase in tariffs the United States levied on China last year. The two countries have been racing toward a March 1 deadline, when Mr. Trump had threatened to increase tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese imports to 25 percent from 10 percent.“We have a one time shot at making a great deal for both countries,” Mr. Trump said, adding, “I would say that it’s more likely that a deal will happen.”Mr. Trump’s advisers were more cautious, with Robert Lighthizer, Mr. Trump’s top trade negotiator, warning that the United States and China still have “very big hurdles” to overcome. Wilbur Ross, the commerce secretary, said it was “a little early for champagne.”While significant obstacles persist, the two sides agreed to extend negotiations by 48 hours, and American officials said both had reached what Mr. Trump termed a “final agreement” to stabilize China’s currency, though the specifics of the agreement were not immediately clear.The United States has been concerned that China could mitigate the effect of tariffs by weakening its currency, which would make Chinese products cheaper to purchase. Some international finance experts found the idea of such an agreement ironic, as the United States for years urged China to allow its currency to float more freely.Tony Sayegh, a Treasury Department spokesman, did not respond to a request for comment on details of the currency deal.The Chinese delegation also presented Mr. Trump with a letter from Mr. Xi, as it did last month, which called on both sides to continue their efforts to reach a deal that benefits both countries. Liu He, who has been appointed Mr. Xi’s special envoy and is leading negotiations, concurred that he believed a deal was likely.Mr. Trump, who has focused for years on how unfair competition from China has hollowed out American manufacturing, has set the bar for his signature trade deal extremely high. His advisers have pressured China to reduce the subsidies that are powering its high-tech industries and to loosen the state’s grip on its economy — moves that would run counter to Mr. Xi’s desire to strengthen China and his control of it.Despite Mr. Trump’s optimism, China does not appear poised to offer the kind of commitments that would ensure the economic transformation his administration has sought, people with knowledge of the talks said. Instead, China has wooed American officials with eye-catching purchases of American products and vague commitments on opening its economy that critics say may never come to fruition.“This is really the last, best chance,” said Michael R. Wessel, a member of the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission.“The real question is whether the president wants a deal that requires real change in China or just a series of press talking points and some high-profile sales that add up to little in the long term,” he added.Significant gaps remain between the United States and China on structural issues, such as forced technology transfer, digital trade and data flows, said Myron Brilliant, an executive vice president and the head of international affairs at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.“If this agreement comes together, it needs to be sustainable, it needs to have strong enforcement mechanisms,” he said. “We want to go back to business, but not business as usual.”That the two sides were even putting pen to paper was a sign of progress for an increasingly rocky relationship between the world’s two largest economies. In meetings on Thursday and Friday, negotiators drafted a handful of memorandums of understanding, or M.O.U.s, covering protections for intellectual property, expanded access for foreign companies in China, Chinese purchases of American goods and other issues.However, a person briefed on the negotiations said that the memorandums had been written by the American side and that China had not yet formally agreed to anything in writing.The one thing that was settled on Friday was that a final agreement would not be referred to as an M.O.U.“I don’t like M.O.U.s because to me they don’t mean anything,” Mr. Trump said during the Oval Office meeting.In a remarkable exchange, Mr. Lighthizer tried to explain to the president that the memorandums would actually be binding contracts that both countries would have to honor.Unconvinced, Mr. Trump corrected Mr. Lighthizer, one of the administration’s most ardent hard-liners, in front of senior American and Chinese officials, saying that he wants a robust trade agreement.“I disagree,” he said. “I think that a memorandum of understanding is not a contract to the extent that we want.”Mr. Lighthizer agreed that the term M.O.U. would not be used again.WASHINGTON — A pair of influential Federal Reserve officials said Wednesday that the central bank should pause to assess economic conditions before considering additional interest rate increases, reinforcing the message delivered last week by the Fed chairman, Jerome H. Powell.The Fed on Wednesday also published an account of its most recent meeting, in December, which showed that most Fed officials had already reached a similar conclusion at that time.Taken together, the speeches and the meeting minutes signal that the Fed will not raise its benchmark interest rate at its January meeting and that it is unlikely to do so at the following meeting, in mid-March.But most Fed officials still expect that economic growth will be strong enough to justify rate increases later in the year.Eric Rosengren, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, told a Boston audience that the Fed was puzzling through the recent divergence between strong economic data and faltering financial markets.“At this juncture, with two very different scenarios — economic slowdown implied by financial markets; or growth somewhat above potential G.D.P. growth, consistent with economic forecasts — I believe we can wait for greater clarity before adjusting policy,” he said.Charles Evans, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, delivered a similar message in a speech Wednesday in Riverwoods, Ill. “I feel we have good capacity to wait and carefully take stock of the incoming data and other developments,” he said.The remarks were significant because both men spoke in favor of the Fed’s rate increases last year, and both hold rotating votes on the Fed’s policy committee.James Bullard, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, who opposed the rate increases last year, told The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday that he, too, favored a pause.The Fed is “bordering on going too far and possibly tipping the economy into recession,” Mr. Bullard said. He added that other Fed officials were coming around to his position that the Fed should pause.The Fed at its December meeting raised its benchmark rate into a range between 2.25 and 2.5 percent. It was the fifth consecutive quarterly increase. Mr. Powell said the rate now stood near the lower end of the range that the Fed regards as neutral territory — neither encouraging nor discouraging borrowing and economic growth.At a news conference after the December meeting, Mr. Powell emphasized that economic growth remained strong, and that the Fed expected to continue raising rates in 2019. Investors registered their disapproval by driving down asset prices, exacerbating a market slump.Since then, Mr. Powell and other Fed officials have sought to deliver a more nuanced message, emphasizing that they are paying attention to investors’ concerns, and that the absence of inflationary pressure means the Fed can afford to postpone judgment.The account of the December meeting reinforced that message.The Fed, according to the minutes, said that “participants expressed that recent developments, including the volatility in financial markets and the increased concerns about global growth, made the appropriate extent and timing of future policy firming less clear than earlier.”The Fed’s own economic outlook remains upbeat. The minutes described economic data in the final months of 2018 as even stronger than the Fed had expected. Mr. Rosengren said consumers remained “willing to spend,” and he expected unemployment would continue to fall.Mr. Evans said he was still forecasting “another good year in 2019.”But uncertainties have piled up in recent months. The minutes said investors were particularly concerned about trade tensions between the United States and China, and about global growth.The minutes did not mention that investors also fear that the Fed will make a mistake by raising interest rates too quickly, snuffing out the economic expansion.The recent downturn in financial markets is both a symptom of these worries and a potential problem in its own right. Declines in invested wealth, or reductions in lending, can infect the broader economy.The message from Fed officials is that the Fed will wait to see who is correct.“If the pessimism evident in financial markets eventually shows through to economic outcomes, there would be less need (and perhaps no need) for further increases in interest rates,” Mr. Rosengren said. “However, my current expectation is that the more optimistic view will prevail.”To reinforce that policy decisions will depend on the latest economic data, the minutes said that the officials discussed changes in the Fed’s communications. Since the 2008 crisis, the Fed has leaned heavily on “forward guidance” to manage market expectations about its plans. In recent months, it has sought to reduce that guidance, encouraging investors to focus instead on the latest economic data.At the December meeting, Fed officials also continued to discuss the Fed’s gradual reduction of its holdings of Treasuries and mortgage bonds, which were acquired during and after the financial crisis as part of the central bank’s campaign to stimulate economic growth.The Fed, which is reducing the holdings at a regular pace, has said that it does not want to adjust that pace in response to changes in economic conditions, preferring to adjust interest rates instead. But the minutes said that Fed officials discussed the possibility of adjusting the pace for technical reasons, as part of the process of determining how large a portfolio the Fed should maintain in the longer term.WASHINGTON — President Trump lauded his new trade agreement with Canada and Mexico in his State of the Union address on Tuesday and urged Congress to pass the revised pact. The deal, he argued, will help American farmers and workers and ensure “that more cars are proudly stamped with the four beautiful words: Made in the U.S.A.”But the pact, which replaces the North American Free Trade Agreement, is currently imperiled in Congress, and both Democrats and Republicans say it has little chance of passing without significant changes. Democrats say the deal does not go far enough to protect workers and the environment, while Republicans say it goes too far in restricting trade, particularly in the auto sector.The stalemate has some business leaders increasingly worried that the administration lacks a winning strategy to move the revised deal through a divided Congress, in a year when a prolonged government shutdown has further eroded what little inclination Democrats and Republicans had to work together on large pieces of legislation.“Partisan rancor has made it more difficult to see any kind of major legislation move forward, including on trade,” said John Murphy, senior vice president for international policy at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.Senator Patrick J. Toomey, Republican of Pennsylvania, said late last week that he was “doubtful” that the deal, also known as the U.S.M.C.A., would pass Congress given the concerns from both sides of the aisle.“It’s hard for me to see how it’s a priority for Nancy Pelosi to give Donald Trump what would be his biggest economic policy victory, certainly since tax reform,” Mr. Toomey, one of Mr. Trump’s most vocal critics on trade, said in an interview.Privately, some congressional Democrats remain hopeful that the agreement can pass, particularly if negotiations with the administration continue to fly under the radar. Mr. Trump must still submit the agreement — along with legislation laying out how it would be put in place — to Congress.And administration officials continue to insist that the deal will ultimately get approved. “We are confident that Congress will approve U.S.M.C.A.,” a spokesman for the United States trade representative said in an email. “It was negotiated in close consultation with Democrats and Republicans, and enjoys overwhelming support from the business community and farm groups.”But big hurdles remain to achieving bipartisan consensus that would allow the pact to move through Congress. Mr. Toomey said he could not support the deal without “significant” changes in the implementing legislation. The new agreement inhibits free trade, he said, citing new wage requirements on automobile manufacturing as a particular concern.And many Republicans, including Mr. Toomey and Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, the chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, say they want the White House to remove steel and aluminum tariffs on Canada and Mexico because Mr. Trump had reached a deal with the two countries.Mr. Trump has so far refused to budge on the metal tariffs and has instead threatened to withdraw from Nafta to try to force Congress to vote on the new trade deal. A formal notice of withdrawal would give Congress six months to pass the pact or potentially return to a pre-Nafta trading system with higher tariffs and more restrictive trade barriers.Republicans are warning that such a move most likely falls outside Mr. Trump’s authority and would only reduce the chances of Congress passing the U.S.M.C.A.“I imagine you’d have a huge sell-off in equities and have very, very disrupted financial markets,” Mr. Toomey said. “I sure hope the president does not go down that road.”Republican strategists say that unless Mr. Trump agrees to compromise, he will most likely face defeat.“The president has two options on this trade deal: the honey or the hammer,” said Antonia Ferrier, a Republican strategist with Definers Public Affairs and a former aide to the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky. Mr. Trump, she said, could bargain with Ms. Pelosi or withdraw from Nafta. “Neither are great options,” she said, “which is why there’s so much skepticism that U.S.M.C.A. will even happen.”Democrats — including populists who tend to side more with Mr. Trump than Mr. Toomey on trade issues — say they are open to working with the administration to improve and pass the agreement. Party leaders have had productive discussions with Robert Lighthizer, the United States trade representative, to reinforce the need for negotiators to secure additional labor and environmental protections before any floor vote.“I’ve talked to Lighthizer. I’ve told him, unless there’s strong enforcement, Nafta’s not going to pass the Senate,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader. “He’s aware of that and says there are things they can do.”The Trump administration spent more than a year negotiating with Canada and Mexico to try to salvage Nafta, a 25-year-old pact that has become critical to the North American economy, particularly the automobile and agriculture sectors. The agreement expanded the flow of goods and capital between the three countries, and prompted multinational corporations to stretch their supply chains up and down the continent.While Mr. Trump had long threatened to rip up Nafta, the business community and many Republican lawmakers pushed to keep it intact, insisting that doing away with the pact would ultimately hurt the United States economy. The new deal, which was agreed to in September, primarily updates Nafta but contains some new provisions, including requiring higher wages at automakers and greater ability to sell dairy products in Canada.Mr. Toomey said he remained deeply concerned that the administration had not rolled back the steel and aluminum tariffs that it had imposed on Canada and Mexico after the trilateral trade agreement was reached last year.He is working on bipartisan legislation that would curtail Mr. Trump’s ability to impose tariffs on the basis of national security — which the president used to justify the steel and aluminum tariffs — without congressional approval. The president would almost certainly veto such a measure.It was a potentially sweeping proposal from a Texas regulator: Companies that use a “digital network” to dispatch workers the way Uber does could label them contractors rather than employees.The proposal, made in December, was a turning point in a campaign that has played out in legislatures and courts in numerous states, and even in Washington, as Uber and other gig-economy companies have risen to prominence in recent years.Lobbyists involved in this state-by-state effort have worked behind the scenes to provide rule makers with a template. Hanging in the balance could be billions of dollars in costs, and even fundamental business models, as more gig companies move toward public stock offerings.When such companies are able to classify workers as contractors, they don’t have to contribute to unemployment insurance or workers’ compensation, or heed minimum-wage and overtime laws. Industry officials estimate that a work force of employees costs companies 20 to 30 percent more than a work force of contractors — a sum worth many hundreds of millions of dollars per year to Uber.Worker advocacy groups say the goal is to chip away at classification rules in enough places to create pressure for a broad exemption nationally.What is notable about the Texas initiative, which would apply only to unemployment insurance, is that it emerged not from a democratically elected body but from an opaque bureaucracy. There were no hearings where outsiders were questioned, no meaningful floor debates — just a few perfunctory statements at public meetings and a 30-day comment period before the agency could issue a final proposal.“This whole thing caught us by surprise,” said Jose Garza, executive director of the Workers Defense Project, a nonprofit group in Texas that helps workers fight wage theft and misclassification.For weeks, the impetus for the rule was unclear. A spokeswoman for the agency, the Texas Workforce Commission, publicly denied that it relied on “outside sources” when drafting proposals.But that narrative abruptly changed in early March when Mr. Garza’s group obtained a set of emails from the commission through a public records request. The documents, which The Texas Observer has also reported on, suggest an ambitious new phase of the campaign by gig-economy companies to solve their worker-classification problem.Emails involving one commissioner and her staff show extensive communications with lobbyists working with Tusk Ventures, a venture-capital and political-strategy firm. Tusk, in turn, was retained by Handy, a company that dispatches workers, Uber-style, to perform household chores like cleaning and repairs. The strategy firm’s founder, Bradley Tusk, was once a top political consultant for Uber and remains a large shareholder who could cash out millions in equity when Uber goes public this year.Tusk Ventures appears to have been the primary author of the Texas proposal. Large portions of the draft released by the Workforce Commission mirrored a proposal that the lobbyist forwarded to the agency one year earlier. Lisa Givens, the agency spokeswoman, said she had been unaware of the correspondence when she previously commented.And Texas is not the only place where Tusk has appealed to regulatory agencies rather than legislatures to cement gig workers’ status as contractors. According to the emails, the firm has pursued similar efforts in other states, like Illinois.Asked in an interview about the strategy of working through regulators, Mr. Tusk said, “If we believe this is the right policy, our job is to get it through, and that can be the most efficient venue.”He foreshadowed the plan in a book he published in September. “We’re working multiple angles to get this done federally,” he wrote. “And we’re working on legislation and rules in 13 more states, too.”What makes a worker a contractor?Different state and federal laws define employment somewhat differently, but most focus on factors like whether managers exert significant control over workers, and whether the work is central to a company’s business.Uber, Lyft and Handy argue that their workers should be considered contractors because the workers decide when, where and how long they work. The companies say they are experimenting with ideas, like benefits, to improve workers’ economic security.But skeptics argue that the companies exert control through ratings that elicit certain behavior, like treating passengers courteously, and by barring drivers who cancel too many rides. Uber and Lyft also determine pay rates for drivers, something independent contractors typically decide.In recent years, courts and state and federal agencies have disagreed on this question. But there’s little debate that if courts and regulators classified large numbers of gig workers as employees, the move would be highly disruptive to companies that depend on them. Lyft, in its recent filing for an initial public offering, told prospective investors that being forced to classify drivers as employees “may require us to significantly alter our existing business model” and warned of potential “monetary exposure.”About five years ago, the gig companies began to head off this prospect. In the legislation that Uber and Lyft backed to legalize their business, they often sought provisions indicating that ride-hailing drivers are contractors. About 25 states have enacted such provisions, known as carve-outs.In other states, Uber and Lyft worked with a broader group of companies to have most gig workers who are dispatched through digital platforms, not just drivers, classified as contractors.“Let me be clear,” an Uber lobbyist announced in 2016, before an Arizona Senate committee considering such a bill. “Companies like GrubHub, Handy, Lyft, Postmates, Thumbtack, YourMechanic, TaskRabbit,” she said, were all “involved with drafting this legislation and putting it forward in over 10 states.” The measure passed soon after.Some legislatures are easier targets than othersOne consequence of these industrywide measures is that they could affect far more than current gig workers. According to Maya Pinto of the National Employment Law Project, a nonprofit worker-advocacy group that has just published a report on the topic, the broader measures encourage companies to reclassify employees as contractors. Any business that dispatches employees — such as plumbers or electricians or nannies — could deem them contractors by using a digital interface to coordinate the work and meeting a few other criteria, Ms. Pinto said.Marla Kanemitsu of Tusk Ventures, who has helped to write such measures, said the motivation for the bills wasn’t just to preserve the contractor status of Handy’s workers, but also to allow companies to provide benefits, like health care and retirement-savings vehicles, that might otherwise suggest an employment relationship.“Providing benefits was always the driving force for this,” Ms. Kanemitsu said.In the first six months of 2018, six states passed bills broadly carving out gig workers from employment laws and effectively classifying them as contractors. Mr. Tusk’s book referred to these states as the “low-hanging fruit of Kentucky, Iowa, Tennessee, Indiana and Utah (and medium-hanging fruit like Florida).”But in other states, the fruit stood at a considerably higher altitude: The efforts came up short in Colorado, Georgia, North Carolina and California.Colorado, with a large technology sector, was perhaps the most instructive example. The state was the first to pass legislation legalizing ride-hailing companies like Uber, and a local lobbying firm involved in that effort helped spearhead this one, too. It received more than $80,000 in 2018 from Uber and Handy, according to lobbying disclosures compiled by the National Employment Law Project. The carve-out bill glided through the Republican-led Senate on a bipartisan vote last March, but it ran into resistance in the Democratic-controlled House.Legislatures, it was becoming clear, could be a political quagmire, even in states that appeared welcoming. And the urgency was increasing. Handy would be acquired by a public company in the fall of 2018. Uber planned to go public in 2019. The status of its drivers remained unresolved in all four states where the broader legislation had failed.Around the same time, however, Mr. Tusk’s firm was field-testing an alternative approach.Drawing verbatim from a lobbyist’s draftIn December 2017, Jerry Valdez, an Austin lobbyist working for Handy, contacted an assistant to one of the three commissioners on the Texas Workforce Commission.Like most lobbyists, Mr. Valdez and his colleagues assumed a posture of extreme solicitousness. They provided detailed responses to questions from the commissioner, Ruth Hughs, and her staff — like how such proposals might comport with federal law.“I am sure it will be informative regarding the matters discussed,” Ms. Hughs’s senior legal counsel replied in one email.Rarely were the lobbyists more helpful than in devising the rule itself, which would effectively expand to all gig workers an exemption that the state had already passed for ride-hailing drivers.Mr. Valdez forwarded Ms. Hughs’s assistant a draft, with the subject line “Handy proposal,” one year before the commission released its own proposal.Of the nine criteria that the Handy draft laid out for classifying gig workers as contractors, the commission adopted seven almost verbatim, then added two. The commission also hewed closely to Handy’s definition of a “marketplace platform” and “marketplace contractor,” terms of art for “company” and “worker.”Mr. Tusk, whose firm stopped working for Handy after Handy was acquired last year, said there were many advantages to lobbying state agencies for a rule change: “You’re not tied to the legislative calendar. If the head of a committee in the State Assembly doesn’t like it because they have some business owner in their district, you don’t have as much of a problem anymore.”A Handy spokesman said: “Our work in all states — including Texas — has always been conducted through appropriate channels and motivated by a desire for constructive solutions.”The process behind the Texas regulation, the final version of which will be discussed at a public meeting before the commission can approve it, appeared to stand in marked contrast to the very public debate in Colorado. Advocates on all sides there continued discussing ways to address the employment status of gig workers long after the legislation failed last spring.Labor officials, policy experts and even a representative from Uber attended a meeting hosted by a Denver think tank on how to protect gig workers from being exploited.“There’s been a commitment to figure out a true stakeholder process,” said Dennis Dougherty, executive director of the state’s labor federation.But not everybody appeared interested in an open debate. In June, when an aide to Commissioner Hughs asked the Tusk lobbyists if there were other states where regulators, rather than elected legislators, were addressing the contractor issue, one state they listed was particularly intriguing.“We are also in discussions,” a Tusk official wrote, “with Colorado.”A year ago, in the wake of President Trump’s tax cut, euphoric investors pushed the Dow Jones industrial average past 25,000, a record. The Dow had just gained 25 percent in 2017, and the Nasdaq had leapt 28 percent. Volatility was so low that there wasn’t a single day in 2017 when the S&P 500 fluctuated more than 2 percent.Not everyone was celebrating.“If there are any certainties, one will be that this party will eventually come to an end,” James Stack, president of InvesTech Research, told me a year ago. “And when it ends, it will end badly, and with high volatility.”Mr. Stack turned out to be right. He lowered his recommended asset allocation for United States stocks from 82 percent last January to 72 percent in September, when stocks hit new all-time highs. He urged investors to raise cash in October, and at the end of November he recommended an even more defensive posture — including putting money in a fund whose value would rise when stock prices dropped. That brought his recommended net exposure to stocks to just 55 percent, the lowest since the depths of the last bear market in early 2009.Stocks plunged in December, posting their worst monthly loss since the financial crisis and the worst December since 1931 and the Great Depression.Yet most economic indicators are benign. Unemployment is an exceptionally low 3.7 percent. Wages are rising. Inflation remains below the Federal Reserve’s 2 percent target. The Fed raised rates a quarter point in December, citing “a very healthy economy.”Given Mr. Stack’s track record last year, I reached out to him this week for his current views. Even though valuations have come down and macroeconomic indicators “have remained remarkably strong,” he said, he’s still defensive and hasn’t changed his bearish allocation. He believes that the worst isn’t over and that the Dow and S&P 500 will soon be down 20 percent from their peaks, retreating into a bear market. (The Nasdaq Composite and the Wilshire 2000 index of small-cap stocks are already there.)And that was before a revenue warning from Apple sent markets into another steep fall on Thursday.“A lesson from history is that the market leads the economy by a lot longer than investors realize,” Mr. Stack said. If the economy is headed toward recession, as the latest stock market declines suggest it may be, “we won’t see the first economic warning signs until the first three to five months” of 2019. Among the leading indicators he’s watching for signs of weakness are consumer confidence, housing starts and unemployment claims.On Thursday, the Institute for Supply Management manufacturing index, a leading indicator of industrial activity, fell sharply. That suggests that “serious cracks” are starting to appear in the economy, Mr. Stack said.Mr. Stack is right that bear markets typically precede recessions by many months: CNBC calculated in 2016 that bear markets since World War II had begun on average about eight months before a recession. That means that if a bear market did begin after major indexes peaked last fall, a recession might not start until June or even later. Even then, recessions are often over before economic data confirms their existence.That’s when bear markets are, in fact, followed by recessions, which often isn’t the case. As the economist Paul Samuelson famously said, “The stock market has forecast nine of the last five recessions.”Since World War II, there have been 13 bear markets. They were followed within a year by a recession just seven times. As a predictor of recessions with just 54 percent accuracy, bear markets are little better than flipping a coin.Indeed, Mr. Stack’s data show that two or more down years in a row are quite rare: There have been only four instances since 1928, suggesting that stocks may well be in positive territory by the end of 2019, even if a bear market does materialize in the meantime.Which is one reason the Wharton economist Jeremy Siegel told me that he’s bullish on the stock market this year. He predicts it could rise between 5 percent and 15 percent, even if there is an economic slowdown.Stocks are much cheaper now than they were before the December sell-off. The ratio between stock prices and projected earnings for companies in the S&P 500 is about 17, down from over 19 a year ago and the lowest in the past five years.[Stocks rose Friday after the release of a strong December jobs report and comments by the chairman of the Federal Reserve that the central bank would be flexible on raising interest rates this year.]Mr. Stack, however, argued that in the event of an economic downturn — or even a significant slowdown — “those projected earnings will go out the window.”“I would not call today’s market undervalued,” he added.Mr. Siegel bases his forecast of a market rally on the belief that the Fed will stop raising short-term interest rates. “I think the Fed got the message from the markets that it should not have hiked in December,” he said.Mr. Stack, too, said he was surprised the Fed raised rates in December. “I think the Fed will stand down and put future rate increases on hold,” he said, “which could stabilize the market, at least for the time being.”But Mr. Stack’s technical indicators are still pointing toward a bear market. He’s also worried about the shaky housing market, with price drops and slowing sales showing up in major cities.“We’re not trying to time the market, but we’re very comfortable with our defensive allocation,” he said. Although he predicted higher volatility a year ago, he was nonetheless surprised by the extremes reached in December, without even “a single hard warning sign of recession on the horizon.”“Can you imagine,” he asked, “how volatile it will be when we do have those warnings?”President Trump stopped short of announcing a final trade deal with China on Thursday, saying in an Oval Office meeting with the Chinese delegation that it may take another four weeks or more to secure an “epic” trade agreement.Negotiators had originally aimed to secure a deal this week during a visit from Liu He, the Chinese vice premier and special trade envoy, and announce a presidential summit meeting between Mr. Trump and Xi Jinping of China. But after more than a year of tit-for-tat tariffs, on-and-off negotiations and threats of additional punishment, the United States and China continue to haggle over some remaining issues, including how many of the American tariffs on Chinese goods will be removed, and when.“We’re talking intellectual property protection and theft. We’re talking about certain tariffs,” Mr. Trump said, referring to issues that remain unresolved.People familiar with the negotiations had said that the president was poised to announce a summit meeting with China. But those plans spurred a backlash among some of the president’s trade advisers, who argued that announcing a meeting before the deal was struck would weaken the United States’ hand and give it less leverage to force changes it is seeking.In remarks at the White House, Mr. Trump said that the deal was “very complete” and that the two sides had “agreed to far more than we have left to agree to.”“I think I can say some of the toughest things have been agreed to,” he continued.But he said there would be no summit meeting until a final deal was made. “If we have a deal then we’ll have a summit,” the president said.The date and location of a summit meeting have also proved controversial. The United States had initially proposed holding one at Mar-a-Lago, Mr. Trump’s Florida resort, but China has been pushing for an official state visit in Washington or a neutral location in a third country, people familiar with the matter said.Lawmakers had publicly fretted about announcing a summit meeting before the deal was inked, suggesting that Mr. Trump was surrendering his leverage in his eagerness to sign an agreement.Both Republicans and Democrats have urged Mr. Trump to hold out for a tough deal to combat Chinese practices that American businesses have long seen as problematic, including the coerced transfer of foreign technology as a condition of doing business in the country and the ample government subsidies for Chinese firms.“Last week @POTUS told us he would not sign a ‘good’ trade deal with #China he would only sign a ‘great’ one,” Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said in a Twitter post on Thursday morning. “I believe him. But to be a ‘great’ deal it must allow us to do in China what they can do in US & it must have real enforcement mechanisms.”The United States has pressed China to make commitments on purchasing American goods, opening markets to foreign business and increasing protections for foreign intellectual property in a bid to rebalance an economic relationship that Mr. Trump says is unfair for American workers. It remains to be seen how sweeping and significant any agreement will be, and whether it will achieve the lofty promises Mr. Trump has made about resetting the economic relationship with Beijing.But the White House is also facing pressure to resolve the trade war, which has begun to hurt American farming, manufacturing and other sectors, and caused wild swings on Wall Street. Industries including automaking, technology manufacturing and farming have anxiously awaited reduced tariffs and details of a new agreement, which will have huge implications for their businesses.The president’s tariffs have been successful at bringing the Chinese to the negotiating table, and his advisers have insisted they will not squander an opportunity to press China for substantial economic reforms that past administrations were unable to secure. Still, the Chinese have balked at making any reforms that could be viewed as infringing on their sovereignty or undercutting the Communist Party’s control of the economy.“If you and I are making a deal, and you have to drag me kicking and screaming the whole way, what are the odds the deal is going to hold?” asked Derek Scissors, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. “I don’t find that the slightest bit convincing.”American negotiators have pushed for an enforcement mechanism that would allow tariffs on Chinese goods to snap back if China violated the terms of the deal, and that would forbid China to retaliate. But Chinese negotiators have resisted such an idea, describing it as a potential infringement on their sovereignty.Myron Brilliant, the executive vice president and head of international affairs at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said foreign stakeholders would be scrutinizing the deal to see whether it contained a strong enforcement mechanism that would hold the Chinese accountable to their obligations.“That is what would separate this agreement from previous agreements,” he said.The two sides spent the past two months drawing up more than 120 pages of an agreement covering issues including forced technology transfer and cybertheft, intellectual property rights, currency and nontariff barriers to trade. The Trump administration has also pressed China to commit to hundreds of billions in purchases of American products, including agricultural products, energy and airplanes.The administration has been eager to front-load China’s purchases of American products to help bolster farm country and other important constituencies and try to bring down the bilateral trade deficit before the 2020 election. Mr. Trump’s advisers would prefer to keep the tariffs in place as long as possible, an arrangement the Chinese oppose.In recent weeks, Beijing has introduced a steady drumbeat of other reforms intended to please American constituencies and win Mr. Trump’s favor. China has resumed purchases of American soybeans and announced it would reclassify fentanyl, which has fueled the American opioid epidemic, as a controlled substance. Beijing also approved a sweeping rewrite of a foreign investment law that may help foreign companies avoid unequal treatment. And it approved a request by JPMorgan Chase to establish a majority owned and controlled securities brokerage firm in the country and floated the idea of expanding access for foreign cloud computing companies.China experts have cautioned that the long-running economic stresses between the countries are unlikely to be entirely put to rest with this round of negotiations.“The negotiations, no matter what anybody says, will not end at the end of this phase,” said David Lampton, a fellow at Stanford University’s Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies. “We’ve got decades of painful negotiating with China ahead.”FAIRFAX, Va. — A Virginia judge on Monday temporarily sealed divorce records for Stephen Moore, President Trump’s presumptive nominee for the Federal Reserve board, adding to the tax and child-support drama surrounding the pending nomination.A Circuit Court judge in Fairfax County issued a temporary injunction sealing the 2011 divorce records at the request of Mr. Moore’s former wife, Allison Moore. The court order does not list Mr. Moore as opposing the request. The judge scheduled a Friday hearing on the merits of keeping the documents under seal.Those records, posted online Monday by The Guardian, which first reported details of the divorce, show that a judge found Mr. Moore in contempt of court in March 2013 for failing to pay more than $330,000 in spousal support, child support, attorney’s fees and a one-time fee to his ex-wife. Mr. Moore had failed to pay six consecutive months of child support — and only a small fraction of the nearly $19,000 a month he had agreed to pay his ex-wife in the divorce settlement — at the time of the ruling.According to the records, Mr. Moore failed to respond to repeated requests from the Virginia court to make payments and did not show up for a deposition in the case. The court ordered him to sell his home to raise money to pay the debt and forced him to set up an automatic bank transfer each month. After Mr. Moore paid $217,000 toward the debt, Ms. Moore asked the court to revoke the order for Mr. Moore to sell his home, which it did.The divorce case is the latest twist in the nomination saga of Mr. Moore, who is in a dispute with the Internal Revenue Service over $75,000 in back taxes, which are related to his child and spousal support payments.Mr. Trump said last month that he would nominate Mr. Moore, a campaign adviser who, like Mr. Trump, was a loud critic of the Fed’s interest rate increases last year. At the time of the announcement, Mr. Moore had not been formally vetted by the White House. The administration has not yet submitted his nomination to the Senate.In her 2010 divorce complaint, Ms. Moore accused Mr. Moore of “emotional and psychological abuse” during their 20-year marriage, and accused him of carrying on an adulterous relationship that he was “neither discreet nor inconspicuous” about. The complaint said Mr. Moore had left receipts for dinners with his mistress around the house and that he purchased a T-shirt for his lover with the words “Doing It.”In his response, Mr. Moore said he did not contest anything in Ms. Moore’s petition.Neither Mr. Moore nor Ms. Moore responded to repeated requests for comment over the weekend or on Monday.Mr. Moore is a longtime champion of tax cuts, deregulation and other conservative economic policies. He is a former editorial board member for The Wall Street Journal and the founder of the Club for Growth, which advocates lower taxes. He has held shifting positions on monetary policy over the years, including endorsing a return to the gold standard and, when President Barack Obama was in office, criticizing the Fed for leaving interest rates low in an effort to stoke economic growth.Since Mr. Trump took office, Mr. Moore has pushed for lower rates. In December, angered by the fourth rate increase of the year, he called for the Fed’s chairman, Jerome H. Powell, to step down or be fired.Mr. Trump has lauded Mr. Moore’s views on the Fed, but it is unclear whether he could win Senate confirmation.Last year, the I.R.S. filed a lien against Mr. Moore related to the $75,000 in back taxes. Mr. Moore, in an interview last week with The New York Times, described that lien as a “huge miscalculation” by the agency.It is unclear whether the $75,000 tax lien relates to the child- and spousal-support-payment delinquencies laid out by The Guardian.Mr. Moore said in an interview on Thursday that, for a single tax year, he had claimed both the value of his alimony, which at the time was deductible for all divorces, and the value of his child support payments, which are not. He said the child support amounted to about $18,000, which, given his tax bracket, worked out to about $6,000 in taxes that he owed but did not pay. He blamed the error on his accountant.But Mr. Moore said he was not simply hit with a back-tax bill. After an audit, he said, the I.R.S. deemed his return for that year “fraudulent” and disallowed other deductions. With penalties and fees, the amount came to more than $75,000, he said.Mr. Moore said he and his current wife had tried for years to resolve the issue with the I.R.S., including dispute resolution, but had not heard from the agency in nearly two years.A prominent critic of Mr. Moore’s nomination, the University of Michigan economist Justin Wolfers, said he was deeply troubled that Mr. Moore had been held in contempt of court given that he could soon hold a seat on the Fed.“For a Fed governor, your credibility is an important asset,” Mr. Wolfers said. “Putting someone in a position of trust who has been in contempt of court could easily create difficult situations, particularly in an institution like the Fed, which at least during the crisis had to invent new responses on the fly while making sure they were legal.”White House officials were adopting a wait-and-see approach on Monday before deciding whether to go through with the nomination, according to two people familiar with the discussions, who requested anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss internal White House conversations.Mr. Trump, these people said, remains personally fond of Mr. Moore and values his loyalty, but has been surprised by the criticism of Mr. Moore and the negative reaction among some Senate Republicans, who were angered by Mr. Moore’s previous comment that the president should fire Mr. Powell for raising interest rates. Mr. Moore has since apologized for that statement.Questions have also arisen over Mr. Moore’s tenure at The Wall Street Journal, including whether he wrote editorials that referred to groups that paid him to give speeches.In May 2013, for example, Mr. Moore spoke at the Civitas Institute, a nonprofit conservative research group in North Carolina. He was paid more than $3,000 for an honorarium and expenses, said Brian Balfour, executive vice president for Civitas. The next month, Mr. Moore wrote an editorial about tax cuts in the state and approvingly quoted Civitas’s former president. In July, in another editorial criticizing liberal protesters at the state’s capital, Mr. Moore cited a Civitas analysis of financial statements from groups supporting the protests.According to a Journal spokesman, editorial board members are “allowed to accept compensation for speeches from nonprofit organizations if they are approved in advance and do not overlap with the member’s coverage area.”Mr. Moore’s predicament did not come up during a round of discussions on Monday at the White House between Mr. Trump and his economic team, according to a person familiar with the discussion, who also requested anonymity. The discussions, this person said, were focused on rebooting a repeal of Obamacare and included a presentation by Kevin Hassett, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, warning against the possible damage to the economy of closing the border with Mexico.Appearing on CNBC on Monday morning, Mr. Hassett was not asked about the records, but called Mr. Moore “a great guy.”Mr. Hassett suggested that Mr. Moore would likely avoid the public spotlight in coming days.“When you’re getting ready for Senate confirmation, you have to focus 100 percent on that,” he said. “I expect that’s what we’ll see from Steve going forward.”Verla Bloomfield has the kind of workplace that seems plucked from a different era. She has a pension, a union, several weeks of vacation and a paycheck that has nearly doubled in 14 years. Her employer? The United States government.“People used to work for companies their whole life and retire and take their pension and move on,” said Ms. Bloomfield, who handles claims for the Social Security Administration in Tulsa, Okla. “That’s not the reality of our work force anymore, but it still is for the federal government.”By many measures, the last couple of decades scorched American workers. Wages crawled up, factory jobs fled to China and benefits collapsed. But those years look less painful if you worked for Uncle Sam.Since 2000, average pay has grown twice as fast for federal employees as it has in the private sector. That’s partly because the federal work force has become more educated and specialized. It is also built into the job. Even without the salaries that top performers can command in the corporate world, government workers who do well are entitled by law to regular pay increases, an increasingly rare guarantee elsewhere.“It has been a really key route to the middle class,” said Heidi Shierholz, an economist with the Economic Policy Institute in Washington. “These are jobs in a highly unionized sector, where people see decent benefits, decent job security, decent wage growth over time.”While raises have slowed in recent years, these jobs are still often the best around. Eight in 10 are outside of the Beltway. And the paychecks — which have stopped arriving during the longest United States government shutdown ever — are increasingly critical to local economies.That is especially true in places that are remote and have high jobless rates, like Pocahontas County, W.Va. “Natural resources abound, but job opportunities don’t,” said Cynthia Sandeno, a district ranger with the United States Forest Service, who oversees hundreds of thousands of acres of woodlands in the area.Ms. Sandeno, 44, manages 25 wildlife ecologists, biologists, engineers and foresters who make anywhere from $28,000 to $100,000 a year, which puts many of them at the top of the local pay scale. Their missing checks will very likely be felt far beyond their own bank accounts.Ms. Sandeno says that since they were furloughed, her staff members stopped eating out at the Dirtbean cafe or Rayetta’s Lunch Box in Marlinton, a town of 1,000. “They are just normal people who don’t want to file for unemployment,” she says. There aren’t a lot of alternatives in the area.“It’s 45 miles to the closest McDonald’s,” she said. The shutdown also derailed Ms. Sandeno’s plan to make two job offers to local residents and promote one of her employees.“Those are three families that would be getting above-average pay,” she said.As globalization has shuttered factories and decimated entire industries, federal employment has been a bastion of stability. It has not grown, and occupies a shrinking share of the overall labor market, but it remains an equalizer for African-Americans and women, who are far more likely to earn high salaries working for the government than they would with a company.The work force includes most of the occupations found in the private sector — as varied as janitors and accountants — with salaries that span the lowest and highest ends of the economy. The ranks include Veterans Health Administration pharmacy technicians in Mississippi earning $43,000 a year, and lawyers for the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington pulling down $200,000.Federal employees on average earn higher salaries than private sector workers, partly because they are far more likely to have advanced degrees, and they’re older. The government has also outsourced many low-paying positions — landscapers and security guards, for example — to contractors, who number in the millions.Unions representing the workers point out that Congress has not lifted federal employees’ pay enough to keep up with inflation in recent years.If you got an entry-level job today processing tax returns at the Internal Revenue Service in Ogden, Utah, for example, you would earn $29,847 in salary. That’s less than you would have made in 2011, after inflation. The decline is partly because of a three-year federal salary freeze under President Barack Obama starting in 2011, followed by 1 percent raises for four years.“People are worse off than they were at the beginning of the decade,” said Jacqueline Simon, the policy director of the American Federation of Government Employees, a union representing 700,000 workers.But the reality is that people who have held onto their government jobs for many years have not languished in the same role at the same pay grade. They have progressed up the ladder and benefited from regular raises at least every few years. They all have pensions and almost all have health insurance, perks that are harder to come by as an employee in corporate America.When Ms. Bloomfield, 55, started at the Social Security office in Tulsa in 2005, she made $40,000. Then, over the next decade or so, she climbed four levels in the ranks of the federal work force. “Those were big pay jumps,” she said. In 2017, Ms. Bloomfield got a promotion that put her salary at $78,000 a year, a comfortable sum in Tulsa.Unions and conservative groups often argue whether people like Ms. Bloomfield are overpaid or undercompensated. Many of those at the high end of the scale could command even bigger salaries on Wall Street or in Silicon Valley — and estimates that break down pay by occupation have shown that the government pays less than companies do for similar work.Ms. Bloomfield would take stability over a six-figure salary in the private sector any day. Her brother earns much more than she does in technical support in Austin, Tex. But he’s had to switch employers multiple times in the last 20 years because of corporate restructuring and layoffs.“Even though he makes a high wage, he has to live with this uncertainty,” she said. “We don’t have that stress.”Steve Fosse, a revenue agent with the I.R.S., isn’t sure whether that trade-off is worth it anymore. The first person in his family to graduate from college, Mr. Fosse, 39, took a job with the government because it offered reliability. “I wanted the benefits and the guaranteed paychecks,” he said.For the most part, that dream panned out. Mr. Fosse earns $90,000 a year, a comfortable sum that helped him buy a four-bedroom home in West Fargo, N.D. He doesn’t exactly indulge in luxuries — his newest car is a used Toyota Sienna that has logged 170,000 miles — but he hasn’t lost much sleep over where his next few paychecks will come from. Until now.Mr. Fosse is furloughed and has begun selling everything he can — an old television, a stationary bicycle, a snow blower — on Craigslist. He’s mulling a move to a public accounting firm in Minneapolis, where his résumé could probably land him a salary above $120,000. He’d miss his pension, and the feeling that he’s doing something that, on balance, helps people.But 14 years into his career, he’s having doubts.“It’s nice to be able to serve the United States,” he said, “but I don’t like feeling like I am getting pushed to a bread line in order to continue doing that.”One clear lesson from the elections of 2016 and 2018 is that President Trump and his fellow Republican candidates win where white voters are losing ground.Take a look at the 2018 congressional results in the upper Midwest and Pennsylvania, states that provided the Electoral College votes crucial to Trump’s capture of the White House.John C. Austin, the director of the Michigan Economic Center and a senior fellow at Brookings, analyzed economic trends in 15 congressional districts that changed hands last year — 12 from Republican to Democrat, three from Democrat to Republican — in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Minnesota and Iowa.Austin found a striking pattern. In the majority of districts that went from Republican to Democrat:Residents had incomes higher than statewide medians, as well as higher educational attainment — in most places by considerable margins. Conversely, in the three districts that moved from blue to red, incomes and educational attainment lagged statewide figures.The accompanying graphic reveals the extent to which economic considerations shaped the outcome in these districts.The same general pattern emerged in state after state in the recent midterms.In September 2018, Siobhan Hughes and Dante Chinni of The Wall Street Journal took the 70 congressional races ranked as most competitive by the Cook Political Report. They then ranked the races on the basis of an “economic-health index created by the Institute of International Finance.”Of the ten districts ranked highest on economic health, eight were categorized “lean Republican” by the Cook Political Report, and two “lean Democrat.” Before the November election, nine of those 10 seats were held by Republicans.On Election Day, Democrats carried eight out of 10 of these districts.Mark Muro and Jacob Whiton, both of Brookings, worked with John Harwood of CNBC to analyze Democratic and Republican-held congressional districts in the aftermath of the 2018 election. Their conclusions reinforce the findings of Austin, Hughes and Chinni.The key result: the 20 most prosperous districts are now held by Democrats, while Republicans represent 16 of the 20 least prosperous, measured by share of G.D.P. The accompanying chart illustrates their analysis.The authors’ calculation of the contribution to the G.D.P. of every congressional district showed that Democratic districts produce $10.2 trillion of the nation’s goods and services and Republican districts $6.2 trillion.This trend creates a significant dilemma for Trump and the Republican Party. Candidates on the right do best during hard times and in recent elections, they have gained the most politically in regions experiencing the sharpest downturn. Electorally speaking, in other words, Republicans profit from economic stagnation and decline.Let’s return to John Austin of the Michigan Economic Center. In an email he describes this unusual situation succinctly: “A rising economic tide tends to sink the Trump tugboat,” adding“Certainly more people and communities that are feeling abandoned, not part of a vibrant economy means more fertile ground for the resentment politics and ‘blaming others’ for people’s woes (like immigrants and people of color) that fuel Trump’s supporters.”In June 2017, Austin demonstrated the importance of struggling white communities to the Republican Party. His study of the 2016 presidential results in the Midwest showed how strong turnout among voters in regions facing economic deterioration can help Republicans. In that earlier report, Austin wrote:The small- and medium-sized factory towns that dot the highways and byways of Michigan, Indiana, Ohio and Wisconsin have lost their anchor employers and are struggling to fill the void. Many of these communities, including once solidly Democratic-voting, union-heavy, blue collar strongholds, flipped to Trump in 2016.This pattern is not limited to the United States. There are numerous studies demonstrating that European and British voters who are falling behind in the global economy, and who were hurt by the 2008 recession and the subsequent cuts to the welfare state, drove Brexit as well as the rise of right-wing populist parties.One paper, “Measuring the Effects of Economic Austerity on Pro-Sociality: Evidence from Greece,” by Nicholas Sambanis, Anna Schultz and Elena Nikolova, political scientists at Penn, Duke and University College London, found, for example,A strong relationship between job loss and decreased generalized solidarity. We find evidence of in-group bias and the bias becomes more pronounced due to exposure to austerity policies.In a July 2018 paper, “Did Austerity Cause Brexit?” Thiemo Fetzer, an economist at the University of Warwick in Coventry, England, argues that austerity policies adopted in the wake of the 2008 financial collapse were crucial both to voter support for the right-wing populist party UKIP in Britain and to voter approval of Brexit.These political movements “are strongly and causally associated with an individual’s or an area’s exposure to austerity since 2010,” Fetzer writes. Examination of economic trends, welfare policy and polling data shows, according to Fetzer, thatthe EU referendum (Brexit) could have resulted in a Remain victory had it not been for a range of austerity-induced welfare reforms. These reforms activated existing economic grievances. Further, auxiliary results suggest that the underlying economic grievances have broader origins than what the current literature on Brexit suggests. Up until 2010, the UK’s welfare state evened out growing income differences across the skill divide through transfer payments. This pattern markedly stops from 2010 onward as austerity started to bite.There are significant parallels between voting patterns for and against Brexit and the patterns in the 2016 and 2018 elections in this country.In a separate 2017 paper, “Who Voted For Brexit,” Fetzer and two fellow economists at the University of Warwick, Sascha O. Becker and Dennis Novy, found that “in particular, fiscal cuts in the context of the recent U.K. austerity program are strongly associated with a higher Vote Leave share.” This heldall across the board: more deprivation is tightly associated with a larger Vote Leave share or, vice versa; less deprivation is tightly associated with a lower Vote Leave share.The results here and in England reinforce the conclusion that the worse things get, the better the right does.As a rule, as economic conditions improve and voters begin to feel more secure, they become more generous and more liberal. In the United States, this means that voters move to the left; in Britain, it means voters are stronger in their support for staying in the European Union.In his forthcoming book, “Democratic Capitalism at the Crossroads: Technological Change and the Future of Politics” Carles Boix, a political scientist at Princeton, describes how postwar prosperity from 1945 to the mid-1970s led to a liberal international consensus:In light of the historical experience of advanced countries, embracing the program of embedded liberalism made economic and political sense. Twentieth-century democratic capitalism had proved to be both successful and resilient: it had delivered high growth; it had allowed governments to fund generous social programs; and it had sent its main political and economic competitor — communism — to the ash heap of history.As global competition, outsourcing and later, automation, began to produce significant economic disruption, beginning in the 1970s, this liberal consensus frayed.Boix writes,The structure of electoral participation became strongly polarized across the Atlantic — very much in line with the economic transformations brought about by the decline of industry and by globalization in the last forty years.In the United States, economic adversity helped produce Trump, whose inaugural speech (reportedly the handiwork of Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller) Boix cites as emblematic of the hostility emerging with the fall of liberalism:For too long, a small group in our nation’s capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost. Washington flourished, but the people did not share in its wealth. Politicians prospered, but the jobs left. And the factories closed. The establishment protected itself but not the citizens of our country. Their victories have not been your victories. Their triumphs have not been your triumphs. And while they celebrated in our nation’s capital, there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land. That all changes starting right here and right now.Together, the trends described above raise an intriguing question: If the Republican Party now depends on the votes of those who are falling behind, does the party have a vested interest in economic stagnation and decline?I asked scholars and officials at the Niskanen Center — a Washington think tank that recently received favorable coverage for its efforts to resolve contemporary ideological division — whether they thought the Republican Party has come to recognize that prosperity helps Democrats, while economic adversity engenders hostility to immigrants, resentment of liberal elites and animosity among rural voters toward urban America. Does this awareness give politicians on the right a motive to support policies and actions that foster government dysfunction and further impair sections of the country that are in decline?Jerry Taylor, president of Niskanen, replied to my inquiry by making the case that “as conservatives see it, the more visible government dysfunction is, the better. It provides civic education.”Working from this premise, Taylor argued that as far as conservatives go,anything that dispels the illusion that government can be harnessed for positive ends is generally a good thing, and anything that reduces its power and scope is a salutary development.Taylor disputed the suggestion that “Republicans consciously or unconsciously labor to frustrate economic growth in rural white America.” Instead, he said, they are ideologically committed to the belief that economic growth isonly reliably ensured when government is minimized, taxes are nearly inconsequential, and free markets and property rights are given the greatest scope possible. Marry that with their belief that a rising economic tide will lift all boats, and you can quickly see why they’re at a loss to explain what’s going on in rural America.Will Wilkinson, the center’s vice president for research, wrote back to me:The G.O.P.’s success in struggling places has given them a false impression that voters who live there will stay faithful as long as they keep feeding them culture-war chum. Trump’s populism offered a false but compelling diagnosis of their economic problems, immigrants and insufficiently protectionist trade policy, which dovetails neatly with rural white anxieties about declining cultural status and relative political power. If you can align threats to identity with threats to material security, as Trump did, it’s pretty powerful.But, in actual practice moving from campaigning to governing, Wilkinson continued, Trump’strade war is positively hurting agriculture and manufacturing, and every Republican member of congress has voted multiple times to strip away health benefits — leaving ‘identity threat’ as the party’s last resort.What’s more, Wilkinson noted,Identity threat — ‘I don’t recognize this country anymore’ — is very abstract compared to material threat — ‘my daughter with leukemia will die if they don’t cover pre-existing conditions’ — and far less motivating. And the argument that the G.O.P. establishment itself has become a threat to economic/material welfare has started to become persuasive.This has put the Republican Party in a painful position, according to Wilkinson:It’s going to get worse for the G.O.P. as the urgency of the economic problems grows. But they just don’t understand that pushing the same button over and over isn’t going to have the same effect. And this is so in part because they don’t really want to see the seriousness of economic divergence, because they have no idea what to do about it that is remotely consistent with Zombie Reagan social policy dogma.Brink Lindsey, vice president for policy, replied to my queries from a somewhat different angle: “You don’t need conscious intent to produce dysfunction to explain Republican governance failures.”In Lindsey’s view,it starts in ideological self-delusion — that government is simply incapable of performing well, so starving it of funds is always a good idea and trying to make it work better is a waste of time. The problem starts there, as I said, but it doesn’t end there, as these attitudes can very easily merge into cynical, lazy indifference to public administration and onward to outright venality and corruption. And, of course, this ideological stance turns out to be incredibly convenient for rich donors looking for any excuse to keep their taxes down.This is not, according to Lindsey,a conspiracy, but rather a rotten equilibrium. Lack of trust in government brings charlatans to power, further reducing trust in government and widening the path to power for future charlatans.In addition to the Mueller investigation, there are two major factors that will determine the sustainability of the Republican Party’s “rotten equilibrium.”The first, of course, is Trump himself. His victory in 2016 was a charlatan’s ascent, and his presidency has served to sustain distrust in government — fuel, in one sense, for the continued success of charlatans. For the moment, though, his failure to win money for the border wall has punctured his viability as a governing force.Trump’s second, if less heralded, achievement has been to invigorate the Democratic opposition. He has inspired an immense, rambunctious, intensely motivated and exceptionally diverse pack of candidates — some prepared, some less so, to dislodge him from the White House.I invite you to follow me on Twitter, @Edsall.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.As leading Democrats roll out proposals to increase taxes on the rich, the American people are largely behind them.A majority of people support Democratic proposals to raise taxes on the wealthiest Americans, according to a poll conducted this month for The New York Times by the online research platform SurveyMonkey, though their opinions vary between specific plans. Voters overwhelmingly see income inequality as a problem the government should be trying to address.Support for taxing the rich cuts across party lines: A majority of Republicans support a proposal from Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, a Democratic presidential candidate, to tax a group of the wealthiest Americans on their net worth. Views on raising the top income-tax rate are more sharply split.The tax-the-rich sentiment is strongest by far among Democrats, who see it as a moral issue. Subscribing to a view expressed recently by Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, the first-term New York Democrat, nearly two-thirds of Democrats say it is immoral to have an economic system where some people have billions of dollars while others have very little. “They’re not paying their fair share,” said one Democrat, Fred Wood, a retired teacher in Williamsport, Pa. “It’s just not right when folks cannot afford health care.” Polling support is by no means a guarantee that Americans would elect a tax-the-rich challenger to President Trump — who mused as a candidate about raising taxes on the rich but as president signed a $1.5 trillion tax cut that reduced the top marginal income tax rate and primarily benefits high earners. Polls by Gallup and other organizations over the decades have regularly found that a majority of Americans believe that corporations and the wealthy pay too little in taxes, but voters have frequently elected presidents who cut those taxes, instead. What appears different this time, analysts say, is the emphasis that leading Democratic candidates are placing on taxing the rich. “This is about politicians catching up to where Americans have been,” said Leslie McCall, a political scientist at the CUNY Graduate Center. As a result, progressive policy hands say they are increasingly confident that if a Democrat wins the White House and the party gains full control of Congress, taxes on the rich will go up. That is partly because of the “finally dawning realization among Democrats that taxing the rich is good politics along with good policy,” said Michael Linden, a fellow at the liberal Roosevelt Institute.“My bet is that it won't be one big thing” that ends up raising taxes on the rich, Mr. Linden said. “I bet it will be a lot of medium-sized things. A higher top rate, for sure. Rooting out or limiting some of the tax expenditures that disproportionately benefit the rich. I think the corporate rate will start to creep back up. And I think new taxes like a wealth tax, or some other form of capital taxation, are very likely.”More Democrats are taking up the theme.Rising inequality and policies to fight it have emerged as a central theme in the Democratic primary campaign. Senator Bernie Sanders, the Vermont independent who three years ago railed against “millionaires and billionaires” in an insurgent bid for the Democratic nomination, said on Tuesday that he would again seek the nomination on a platform of free public college and “Medicare for all.” This time around, he will face competition for the left flank of his party, including from Ms. Warren, who has proposed taxing the assets — not just the annual income — of the richest Americans to pay for universal child care.“Across party lines, Americans want the very wealthiest families to pay their fair share so we can have an economy that works for everyone,” Ms. Warren said in a statement in response to the polling for The Times. Such proposals are likely to draw strong support from a Democratic electorate that has shifted sharply to the left since Mr. Sanders’s last run. Eighty-seven percent of Democrats in the Times poll said the government should seek to reduce the wealth gap.But it isn’t just Democrats who are concerned by inequality. A majority of independents, and substantial minorities of Republicans, want the government to tackle the issue. And a slim majority of Republicans support a wealth tax like the one Ms. Warren has proposed.Virginia Connolly is a conservative Republican who supports President Trump and wants to build a wall on the Mexican border. But she says she wants to tax wealthy Americans to pay for programs for veterans, children and the homeless.“I think that raising taxes on the rich should have happened a long time ago,” she said. “The rich, what are they going to do with all that money?”Ms. Connolly, 47, runs a business cleaning homes in DeLand, Fla., north of Orlando. When that work failed to pay her bills, she took a part-time job at Winn-Dixie, a grocery store chain where she earns $14 an hour. Even so, she barely makes enough to feed herself and her three children.A wealth tax finds support, but challenges loom. The Times poll found strong support for a wealth tax akin to Ms. Warren’s plan. Sixty-one percent of Americans said they approved of imposing a 2 percent tax on the wealth of households with a net worth of more than $50 million. (Under Ms. Warren’s plan, the rate would rise to 3 percent on wealth over $1 billion, but the Times survey didn’t ask about that provision.) An earlier Morning Consult poll found similar results.“We pay taxes on our property, why not on your wealth?” said Gary Montoya, a school safety officer in Panama City, Fla.Mr. Montoya, 39, is a registered Republican and a supporter of Mr. Trump. But he said taxes on the rich must rise to reduce the federal budget deficit, among other priorities.The idea of a wealth tax, however, is newly prominent in American politics, and it isn’t clear whether support will hold up. Republicans haven’t had time to attack the policy, as they have with the estate tax, and it would face legal challenges if enacted. Moreover, voters used to hearing about income-tax rates might not fully understand the idea of a wealth tax, said Vanessa Williamson, a political scientist at the Brookings Institution who has studied public opinion on taxation.The wealth tax also raises practical challenges that could turn off some voters. Kris Stallard, a data analyst in Tulsa, Okla., says he wants to raise taxes on the rich, and has no problem with a wealth tax in principle. But he questions how it would work in practice.“You might own houses, businesses, that sort of thing,” said Mr. Stallard, a Democrat. “Is the government going to take parts of businesses from people?”On higher income-tax rates, a sharper split emerges. Other Democrats are taking a more traditional approach to taxing the rich: raising income taxes on the highest earners. Ms. Ocasio-Cortez has proposed a marginal rate as high as 70 percent on annual income over $10 million. The top rate today is 37 percent, down from 39.6 percent before the Republican tax law that passed in late 2017.Ms. Ocasio-Cortez’s proposal avoids the legal and logistical challenges of Ms. Warren’s plan. And it is just as popular with Democrats, 75 percent of whom support the idea. But it is less popular over all. Only a narrow majority of Americans, 51 percent, support the idea. Republicans oppose it by a ratio of more than two to one. A self-described “left-leaning independent,” Kathy Holmes could be the sort of voter Democrats need to win to defeat Mr. Trump. A small-business owner in Kansas City, Mo., Ms. Holmes once voted for Ross Perot, the Texas billionaire who sought the presidency twice in the 1990s, but these days mostly supports Democrats. Still, she says she has been disappointed by both parties, and is intrigued by the possible candidacy of the former Starbucks chief executive Howard Schultz.Ms. Holmes, 54, said she would like to see the rich pay more in taxes. But she said a 70 percent rate “could get a little too out of control.” She said higher taxes on the rich should be a means to an end, not an end unto themselves.“I don’t think that they should be incredibly penalized for being wealthy,” she said. “It’s a tough balance between free enterprise and ‘go for it and be a gazillionaire.’”About the survey: The data in this article came from an online survey of 9,974 adults conducted by the polling firm SurveyMonkey from Feb. 4 to Feb. 10. The company selected respondents at random from the nearly three million people who take surveys on its platform each day. Responses were weighted to match the demographic profile of the population of the United States. The survey has a modeled error estimate (similar to a margin of error in a standard telephone poll) of plus or minus 1.5 percentage points, so differences of less than that amount are statistically insignificant.Competing notions of American national identity are coming to dominate American politics.On Jan. 2, a searing Tucker Carlson monologue on Fox News resonated across every corner of the conservative movement.“The goal for America is both simpler and more elusive than mere prosperity,” Carlson told his audience. “Dignity. Purpose. Self-control. Independence. Above all, deep relationships with other people.”President Trump is one of the most dedicated Fox viewers in the country. Carlson went on:Our leaders don’t care. We are ruled by mercenaries who feel no long-term obligation to the people they rule. They’re day traders. Substitute teachers. They’re just passing through. They have no skin in this game, and it shows. They can’t solve our problems. They don’t even bother to understand our problems.Carlson, who is in a ratings race with both his Fox colleague Sean Hannity and MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow, argued that many conservatives have scant understanding of the adversity faced by members of the working and lower middle class in America:The idea that families are being crushed by market forces seems never to occur to them. They refuse to consider it. Questioning markets feels like apostasy. Both sides miss the obvious point: Culture and economics are inseparably intertwined. Certain economic systems allow families to thrive. Thriving families make market economies possible.Carlson pointed specifically to problems faced by rural white America, the crucial base of Republican voters: “Stunning out of wedlock birthrates. High male unemployment. A terrifying drug epidemic.” How, Carlson asked, “did this happen?” You’d think our ruling class would be interested in knowing the answer. But mostly they’re not. They don’t have to be interested. It’s easier to import foreign labor to take the place of native-born Americans who are slipping behind.Despite this failing of conservatism, Carlson contended that only the Republican Party can lead the country back to salvation:There’s no option at this point. But first, Republican leaders will have to acknowledge that market capitalism is not a religion. Market capitalism is a tool, like a staple gun or a toaster. You’d have to be a fool to worship it. Our system was created by human beings for the benefit of human beings. We do not exist to serve markets. Just the opposite. Any economic system that weakens and destroys families is not worth having. A system like that is the enemy of a healthy society.The Carlson monologue became an extended subject of debate, which my Times colleague Ross Douthat also examined. For example, in “The Right Should Reject Tucker Carlson’s Victimhood Populism,” David French, a senior writer at National Review, argued that “it is still true that your choices are far more important to your success than any government program or the actions of any nefarious banker or any malicious feminist.”“If an obscure senator gave this speech, he’d be famous overnight,” Kyle Smith, a critic at large for National Review, wrote the next day. “Carlson scores some major points, and like most great speeches this one can’t easily be dismissed as either left or right-wing.”Carlson touched nerves well outside conservative circles. I asked Dean Baker, co-founder of the liberal Center for Economic and Policy Research, for his response to the monologue. He replied: “It’s a bit scary to me how much of this I agree with.” Baker quibbled with some minor points, butignoring these off the mark comments, he is absolutely right that the leadership of both parties has largely embraced an agenda that serves the rich with little concern for average workers.In addition to Carlson, one of the most engaged critics of the Republican establishment is Oren Cass, a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and the author of “The Once and Future Worker.”In his book, Cass faults both parties, but his condemnation of the Democratic Party is far harsher than his critique of the Republican Party:Republicans have generally trusted that free markets will benefit all participants, prized the higher output associated with an ‘efficient’ outcome, and expressed skepticism that political actors could identify and pursue better outcomes, even if any existed. Their labor-market policy could best be described as one of benign neglect.Democrats, in contrast,can sound committed to a more worker-centric model of growth, but rather than trusting the market too much, they trample it. The party’s actual agenda centers on the interests advanced by its coalition of labor unions, environmentalists, and identity groups. Its policies rely on an expectation that government mandates and programs will deliver what the market does not. This agenda inserts countless regulatory wedges that aim to improve the conditions of employment but in the process raise its cost, driving apart the players that the market is attempting to connect.In a Salon review of “The Once and Future Worker,” Samuel Hammond, director of welfare policy at the libertarian Niskanen Center — a Washington a think tank I described last week — writes:Indeed, far from the usual conservative manifesto, ‘The Once and Future Worker,’ is a scathing critique of globalization, open immigration, and the commoditization of labor — forces which Cass believes have ransacked working class fortunes across three decades of neoliberal hegemony.Cass is eager to place himself at the disposal of both parties. He was one of 13 ideologically ambidextrous authors of a joint Brookings-American Enterprise Institute report, “Work, Skills, Community: Restoring Opportunity for the Working Class.” The November 2018 study pointed to areas of concord between segments of the right and the left.The 13 authors found common ground on a set of proposals that call for both more spending and tougher work requirements. These proposals include expanding the earned-income tax credit to cover childless workers, including experimenting with a new wage subsidy; getting recipients of government subsidies back to work, including beneficiaries of means-tested government programs; and enlarging eligibility for the child and dependent care tax credit.While it is possible, in theory, that Carlson and Cass could support Democratic candidates, they sharply disagree with the Democratic Party on the highly salient issue of immigration.In his book, Cass writes:The United States should limit increases in its supply of unskilled immigrant labor. This new approach would require first and foremost that criteria for allowing entrance into the country emphasize education level — attainment of a college degree, in particular.In the case of undocumented immigrants, Cass’s policy would be to “require unskilled illegal immigrants to leave.”Carlson is more extreme. On Dec. 4, Carlson told viewers that “a new analysis of census data shows that sixty-three percent of noncitizens in the U.S. receive some kind of welfare benefits,” before adding:Every night, hundreds of thousands of our citizens, Americans, sleep outdoors on the street, they’re homeless. The country’s middle class is shrinking and dying younger. The third year in a row. Again, these are American citizens. Some of them probably think they should have first dibs on help from the government, but they’re not getting it.Later that month, Carlson escalated his claim that immigration was too costly for Americans:It’s indefensible, so nobody even tries to defend it. Instead, our leaders demand that you shut up and accept this. We have a moral obligation to admit the world’s poor, they tell us, even if it makes our own country poor and dirtier and more divided.These comments proved highly controversial, to say the least. According to Business Insider, 16 companies stopped advertising on “The Tucker Carlson Show.”Michael Massing, a New York-based writer who often reports on the intersection of media and politics, watched Carlson for several nights after the January monologue in an attempt to assess where Carlson really stood. In a Feb. 2 article in the Guardian, Massing wrote:Overall, his show continues to transmit Fox’s toxic blend of race-baiting and reality distortion, through which it has done so much to poison the American mind. What, then, to make of Carlson? Is he a cynic? A hypocrite? A headlong pursuer of ratings? Perhaps he’s best described as a charter member of the same ruling class that in his monologue he indicted for working so intently to divide and confuse the American people.In addition to the discrete conservative factions Cass and Carlson represent, there is another dissident wing of conservatism, represented by the Niskanen Center, which attempts to appeal to moderates and centrists of both parties.“Working within the broad and diverse intellectual tradition of liberalism, we are fashioning a new synthesis that closes the rift within that tradition that emerged over the question of socialism,” Brink Lindsey, the center’s vice president for policy, wrote in an essay seeking to explain the broad goals of the organization.Lindsey, in contrast to Cass, is far more critical of the contemporary right than of the left.Over the course of the 21st century, the conservative movement, and with it the Republican Party, has fallen ever more deeply under the sway of an illiberal and nihilistic populism — illiberal in its crude exploitation of religious, racial, and cultural divisions; nihilistic in its blithe indifference to governance and the established norms and institutions of representative self-government. This malignant development made possible the nomination and election of Donald Trump, whose two years in power have only accelerated conservatism’s and the GOP’s descent into the intellectual and moral gutter.Despite his severe view of the Republican Party, Lindsey contends that the goal of the Niskanen think tank is the “reimagining of the center-right”:It is our goal to make the case for a principled center-right in American politics today that is distinctly different from either movement conservatism or its degenerate, populist offshoot.One question, of course is, what kind of policy options a center-right think tank can offer to disaffected voters on matters involving race and immigration, subjects that help drive the very polarization they regret.One of Tucker Carlson’s own primary concerns is immigration — and, as a likely subtext, race.Carlson argues that capitalism is “not a religion but a tool like a toaster or staple gun.” He is focusing attention, in fact, on the godless capitalism that Will Wilkinson of the Niskanen Center, described in “How Godless Capitalism Made America Multicultural” — a problem that Wilkinson correctly points out affects “all wealthy, liberal-democratic countries.”Wilkinson explains:The project of fashioning an ethnoreligious American identity has always been in conflict with a dominant and defining American impulse: to get rich. The United States has always been a distinctly commercial republic with expansionary, imperial impulses. High demand for workers and settlers led early on to a variegated population that encouraged the idea, largely traceable to Tom Paine, that American national identity is civic and ideological rather than racial and ethnic.Contemporary political polarization reflects the intensification of the endless struggle to integrate America and, more recently, to assimilate millions of newcomers, some legal, some not.Wilkinson addresses this conundrum:Assimilation is an issue not because it isn’t happening, but because it is. The issue is that the post-1968 immigrants and their progeny are here at all. And their successful assimilation means that American culture, and American national identity, has already been updated and transformed.This process can be very hard for some people, especially white voters over 50 (a strong Trump constituency) to accept:Swift and dramatic cultural changes can leave us with the baffled feeling that the soil in which we laid down roots has somehow become foreign. Older people who have largely lost the capacity to easily assimilate to a new culture can feel that the rug has been pulled out from under them.The result, according to Wilkinson, to whom I will give the last word, is thatrapid cultural change can make a truly common national identity hard to come by, if not impossible. It’s not clear to me how important it is to have one. But it does seem that a badly bifurcated cultural self-understanding can have very dramatic and potentially dangerous political consequences. David Cameron imperiled the integrity of the entire European Union by fundamentally misunderstanding the facts about the evolution of British national identity and putting it up for a vote. Donald Trump, you may have noticed, has called for a referendum on American national identity, and he’s getting one.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.WASHINGTON — President Trump said on Tuesday that he would consider delaying a March 2 deadline to reach a trade deal with China, saying the United States might not impose higher tariffs on Chinese goods if talks with Beijing were going well.“If we’re close to a deal where we think we can make a real deal, I could see myself letting them slide for a little while,” Mr. Trump said during remarks at the Oval Office.Mr. Trump’s comments came as American officials were in Beijing for a week of talks with Chinese officials to try to resolve a trade war that has begun to inflict economic damage on both sides of the Pacific. The two countries are trying to work out significant differences ahead of the March 2 deadline, when, the United States has said, it will increase tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods to 25 percent from 10 percent.[One potentially big obstacle in the way of reaching a deal is how the United States punishes China if it doesn’t meet its obligations.] Both Mr. Trump and his top trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer, have previously said that the deadline is a firm date and that the United States will not extend the timeline, which Mr. Trump and President Xi Jinping of China agreed upon during a dinner in Buenos Aires last year.But with many of the biggest issues unresolved and the deadline drawing near, Mr. Trump appeared ready to give both sides more time to negotiate. And he again suggested that he and Mr. Xi may ultimately needed to iron out the remaining differences before a final deal was reached.“At some point, I expect to meet with Xi and make the parts of the deal that the group is unable to make,” Mr. Trump said.The president had originally suggested that such a meeting could take place ahead of the deadline but reversed course last week, saying he would not meet with Mr. Xi before March 2.A delegation of top American trade officials, including Mr. Lighthizer and Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, arrived in Beijing this week to try to negotiate the outlines of a deal.Mr. Trump characterized those discussions as “going well” and said he thought the United States had a chance “to make a real deal.”He added that he wanted it “to be a real deal, not just a deal that looks cosmetically good for a year.”But steep challenges remain to striking an agreement that addresses the administration’s primary concerns, including China’s practice of forcing American companies to hand over valuable technology and restricting access to its market. Mr. Lighthizer, who briefed senators last week, told lawmakers that one of the biggest issues was ensuring that China followed through with whatever commitments it made. Senators told Mr. Lighthizer that they wanted the text of any agreement or memo of understanding with China to be made public.For now, China primarily appears willing to buy more American goods, like soybeans, but has not indicated how many other concessions it is prepared to make. And while both countries have expressed optimism about bridging their differences, Mr. Xi is facing pressure in China not to agree to a deal that would jeopardize his country’s economic or national security. China’s economy is growing at its slowest pace in years, in part because of the American tariffs.Mr. Trump on Tuesday again portrayed China’s economic weakness as the United States’ strength, saying it was in China’s interest to make a deal. The United States, he said, could benefit by retaining tariffs on $250 billion worth of Chinese goods, and he again inaccurately suggested that China was paying the levies.“I’m happy either way,” he said. “I could live receiving billions and billions of dollars a month from China. China never gave us 10 cents. Now they are paying billions a month for the privilege of coming into the U.S. and honestly taking advantage.”While the United States is collecting billions in tariffs, that money is not coming directly from China but from companies and customers who buy imported goods.BERLIN/WASHINGTON — The German government is set to halve its 2019 growth forecast for Europe's biggest economy, a government source told Reuters on Friday, reflecting a worsening slowdown led by a recession in the manufacturing sector.The source said the government, which will update its forecast next week, now expects the economy to grow by 0.5 percent this year, lower than a recent estimate of 0.8 percent by Germany's leading economic institutes. The government's last forecast in January was for 1 percent growth in 2019. In Washington on Friday, the president of Germany's central bank Jens Weidmann said German economic growth would slow sharply this year as trade disputes and Brexit uncertainty are weighing on exports and investment activity.The Bundesbank chief was speaking on the sidelines of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank spring meetings. The Bundesbank predicted growth of 1.6 percent as recently as December but Weidmann said the IMF's new projection of 0.8 percent for 2019 was entirely plausible, adding that recent data suggested that growth could even be slightly below that figure.German Finance Minister Olaf Scholz told a joint news conference with Weidmann that the economy was losing momentum but still growing, with private consumption and state spending expected to support overall growth this year.The government is planning income tax cuts worth 10 billion euros annually and incentives to boost corporate research and development worth 1.25 billion euros per year, Scholz said."Fiscal policy, as the minister said, is already expansionary in Germany and we estimate the impact of fiscal policy on GDP for this year to be between one quarter to one half percentage point," Weidmann said.Pointing to U.S. trade disputes and persistent uncertainty over Britain's delayed exit from the European Union, Scholz said: "The real dangers for the economy are political uncertainties and they are man-made." "The man-made risks for the economy should be abolished. If we are good politicians and we work together and cooperate, this would help a lot," he added.DOMESTIC DEMANDThe economy ministry said Germany's export-dependent manufacturers were likely to continue feeling the bite of falling orders from abroad and that growth impetus was coming mostly from the domestic market. The solid services and construction sectors should more than compensate for the downturn in manufacturing in the first quarter, the ministry added.Unresolved trade disputes, Brexit uncertainty and a sluggish world economy have hit foreign demand and hurt manufacturers. A contraction in the manufacturing sector has prompted a slowdown in the broader economy after nine years of steady growth. The government source said Economy Minister Peter Altmaier expects a growth rebound next year to 1.5 percent.In its monthly report, his ministry described a mixed picture, with services and construction in good shape but industry "going through a weak phase" due to a global slowdown.It said industrial activity would remain subdued even though the impact is fading of factors such as stricter pollution standards that are challenging car makers and last year's low water crisis on the river Rhine that disrupted deliveries.Should the slowdown in Germany worsen, pressure on the European Central Bank to provide more stimulus for the euro zone economy would grow. (Reporting by Michael Nienaber in Washington and Markus Wacket in Berlin; Writing by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Catherine Evans)WASHINGTON — Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Thursday the global economy will see "sufficiently high" growth next year, maintaining his optimism that his export-reliant economy will soon emerge from a soft patch as overseas headwinds dissipate.But he warned that risks to the global outlook remained, such as the fate of U.S.-China trade talks and lingering uncertainty on the path of Britain's exit from the European Union."Our baseline scenario is that the global economy will recover in the latter half of this year, and achieve sufficiently high growth next year," Kuroda told reporters upon arrival for a meeting of G20 finance leaders.Kuroda's comments underscore a dominant market view that the BOJ will hold off on ramping up stimulus at this month's rate review, despite increasing signs of weaknesses in factory output and exports.The finance leaders of the Group of 20 major economies will gather for a two-day meeting ending on Friday, where they will scrutinise various risks that forced the International Monetary Fund to slash its global economic growth forecast.Kuroda voiced hope the United States and China will soon reach a deal on trade, saying the fact they are continuing negotiations suggests the risk of a stand-off is receding."Protectionism benefits neither the United States nor China," Kuroda said."Both countries, as well as each G20 economy, must make efforts to solve problems based on the understanding that free trade under World Trade Organization rules has brought enormous benefits to the global economy," he said. (Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Andrea Ricci)WASHINGTON — The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday downgraded its outlook for growth in the United States, Europe, Japan and the overall global economy and pointed to heightened trade tensions as a key reason.The IMF expects the world economy to grow 3.3% this year, down from 3.6% in 2018. That would match 2016 for the weakest year since 2009. In its previous forecast in January, the IMF had predicted that international growth would reach 3.5% this year.For the United States, IMF economists downgraded their growth forecast for this year to 2.3% from 2.9% in 2018.The gloomier picture in the IMF's latest World Economic Outlook contributed to a selloff in stocks, with investors concerned that slower global growth could weaken corporate earnings. It comes on the eve of meetings in Washington this week of the IMF and its sister lending organization, the World Bank. Those meetings are likely to be dominated by discussions of how to combat growing risks to international growth."This is a delicate moment for the global economy," Gita Gopinath, the IMF's chief economist, said at a news conference, while cautioning that the fund does not foresee an international recession.Gopinath said it was "imperative that costly policy mistakes are avoided." In particular, she highlighted the need for the world's two biggest economies, the United States and China, to find a way to resolve their trade war, which has intensified global economic uncertainty.If trade tensions worsen, Gopinath warned that it could trigger "large disruptions in global supply chains."In Europe, the IMF expects the 19 countries that use the euro currency to expand 1.3% collectively in 2019, weaker than last year's 1.8% growth or in any year since 2013.Japan is expected to eke out 1% growth this year, up from 0.8% in 2018 but slightly down from the fund's earlier forecast.The IMF foresees the Chinese economy growing 6.3% this year, down from 6.6% in 2018. But the fund's latest 2019 outlook was a slight upgrade from the 6.2% growth it had forecast for China in January.China's prospects brightened, the fund said, after President Donald Trump decided to suspend a planned increase in tariffs on $200 billion worth of U.S.-bound Chinese exports.Still, the fund is expressing worries about tensions between the world's two biggest economies, which have traded tariffs on hundreds of billions of dollars' worth of products in a fight over China's aggressive push to supplant American technological supremacy. The prospect of Britain's messy departure from the European Union also weighs on the global economy.The IMF expects growth in world trade to drop to 3.4% this year — a sharp slowdown from the 4% it had expected in January and from 3.8% trade growth in 2018.The most active wing of the Democratic Party — the roughly 20 percent of the party’s electorate that votes in primaries and wields disproportionate influence over which issues get prioritized — has moved decisively to the left. With all the attention that is being paid to Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Ayanna Pressley, Rashida Tlaib and other new progressive voices in Congress, this may not seem like news, but we are only just beginning to realize the full significance of this shift.The Primaries Project at the Brookings Institution conducted extensive polling of 7,198 Democratic voters in the 2018 primaries and found that 60.4 percent described themselves as liberal, including 26.4 percent who said they were “very liberal.”In its most recent analysis, Gallup found that from 1994 to 2018, the percentage of all Democrats who call themselves liberal more than doubled from 25 percent to 51 percent.Over the same period, the percentage of Democratic moderates and conservatives fell steadily, with the share of moderates dropping from 48 to 34 percent, and of conservatives dropping from 25 to 13 percent. These trends began to accelerate during the administration of George W. Bush and have continued unabated during the Obama and Trump presidencies.In recent years, the internal pressures to hew to the left, driven largely by Democratic primary voters, have steadily gained strength.They include the determination to oppose all things Trump, especially his anti-immigrant policies, his racism and his religious bigotry; the rise of outspoken, well-educated liberals, many of them young; the #MeToo movement and Trump’s disrespect for women; the Occupy movement; the mobilization of anti-establishment voters by Bernie Sanders during the 2016 primaries; and the consistent exodus of more conservative white voters from the Democratic Party, supplanted by more politically liberal minority voters.The anti-establishment faction contributed significantly to the large turnout increases in Democratic primaries last year. Pew found that from 2014 to 2018, turnout in House primaries rose from 13.7 to 19.6 percent of all registered Democrats, in Senate primaries from 16.6 to 22.2 percent and in governor primaries from 17.1 to 24.5 percent.Isabel Sawhill, a senior fellow at Brookings, agrees with the analysis that core voters and activist leaders within the party are “moving leftward”:Medicare for All, free college, a universal jobs guarantee, a $15 minimum wage, an expansion of the EITC to the entire bottom half, workers on boards of directors, ending ICE, raising marginal tax rates to 70 percent are all big, bold leftist ideas and appear to be gaining currency.These “big, bold leftist ideas” pose a strategic problem for liberals and the Democratic Party, Sawhill, who published “The Forgotten Americans: An Economic Agenda for a Divided Nation” last year, wrote in an email:In my view, it’s a trade-off between exciting the base thereby insuring higher turnout vs. broadening the base to include independents and Republicans that don’t like Trump.Sawhill argues that if the goal of Democrats is victory, as opposed to ideological purity, they must focus on general election swing voters who are not die-hard Democrats.One key Democratic target, Sawhill observes, is the “well-educated, suburban women, many of them Republican, who voted for Democrats in the midterms.” Once Trump is gone, she continued, “they could easily return to their natural home in the Republican Party.”“Over the longer-term,” Sawhill continued,as millennials and minorities become an ever-larger proportion of the party, it will have a natural constituency that supports a new and bolder agenda, but the concentration of those voters in urban areas that are underrepresented in our electoral system will be a continuing drag on the party’s prospects.The extensive support among prospective Democratic presidential candidates for Medicare for All, government-guaranteed jobs and a higher minimum wage reflects the widespread desire in the electorate for greater protection from the vicissitudes of market capitalism — in response to “increasingly incomplete risk protection in an era of dramatic social change,” as the political scientist Jacob Hacker put it in “Privatizing Risk without Privatizing the Welfare State: The Hidden Politics of Social Policy Retrenchment in the United States.” Support for such protections is showing signs of becoming a litmus test for candidates running in the 2020 Democratic presidential primaries.Polling by the Pew Research Center shows sharp movement in a progressive direction on key issues among many Democrats.Take liberalized attitudes on immigration as an example. From 2008 to 2018, the percentage of Democrats who said the government should create “a way for immigrants already here illegally to become citizens if the meet certain requirements” grew from 29 to 51 percent, while the share who said “there should be better border security and stronger enforcement of immigration laws” fell from 21 to 5 percent.Similarly, the percentage of Democrats who agreed with the statement that “racial discrimination is the main reason many blacks can’t get ahead these days” rose from 28 to 64 percent from 2010 to 2017.Paul Starr, a sociology professor at Princeton, warns against putting too much stock in the ascendance of progressive Democrats. In an essay in the American Prospect, Starr argues that there were “two distinct developments” in the 2018 elections:While progressives have gained ground in long-held Democratic areas, more centrist candidates have won the more competitive districts. This second development will limit how far to the left the party can go. The more the party expands into the suburbs, the more dependent it will be on those relatively centrist votes — and that dependence will become a constraint on the policies that Democrats are able to agree on.In addition, while acknowledging the rise of the progressive wing, Starr pointed out that a separate December 2018 Gallup survey found that 54 percent of Democratic voters would prefer their party to become “more moderate,” while 41 percent said they would like the party to become “more liberal.”Along similarly cautionary lines, David Graham wrote in the Atlantic last November:There’s clear leftward movement among Democratic voters on a range of issues, and there are more progressive candidates running than ever. But this doesn’t amount, at least yet, to the socialist groundswell that advocates pine for and critics fear. The actual policy positions, and number of leftist officeholders, will remain limited — at least for now. What happens in 2020 could be more telling.Graham’s conclusion:The Democratic Party is moving left, but it might not be clear quite how far left for two or even six years. The revolution is coming more slowly than its champions hope and its critics fear.Matt Grossmann, a political scientist at Michigan State, noted in an email that the leftwardmovement is across the board on policy, ideological identification, and values, but remains furthest left on specific policy. The public movement seems to be strongest on race and gender issues as well as any proposal tied to Trump.Women, according to Grossmann, “are becoming a bigger part of the Democratic electorate and more supportive of women primary candidates.”The 2018 primary elections revealed the deepening strength of an anti-establishment insurgent faction, largely young, white and minority urban voters who turned out in droves in Democratic primaries from Omaha to Tallahassee and from the Bronx to Boston.Michael Capuano, a former mayor of Somerville, Mass. and a ten-term member of the House, learned the hard way how much the Democratic electorate has changed. As mayor in the 1990s, Capuano presided over the gentrification of the once scruffy, working class town. Initially, the city was grateful.When Capuano first won election to Congress in 1998, he owed his victory in the 10-candidate Democratic primary to his hometown. He carried Somerville with 7,852 votes, more than the total vote for all nine opponents, 6,253, while losing to other candidates in Boston, Belmont, Cambridge, Chelsea and Watertown.The impact of gentrification is striking.By 2017, 61.2 percent of Somerville’s residents 25 or older had at least a bachelor’s degree, compared with 30.9 percent nationwide. The median household income was $84,722, compared with $57,652 nationally.Somerville had moved from downscale to upscale, not to the level of Brattle Street in Cambridge or Boston’s Beacon Hill, but still many steps up the ladder.In the process, Somerville left Capuano, a white working class Democrat in the mold of Tip O’Neill, behind.In 2018, twenty years after first winning his House seat, Capuano could no longer count on Somerville. Despite his deep roots — his father had been mayor before him — the vote there was a wash. Capuano received 8,423 to 8,286 for his opponent, Ayanna Pressley, an African-American Boston city councilwomen.Pressley swept Cambridge and Boston to crush Capuano, 60,046 to 42,430 districtwide.The same pattern emerged in the widely publicized defeat of Joe Crowley, another 10-term incumbent, by Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez in the Democratic primary in a House district that straddles the Bronx and Queens.Steven Romalewski, who runs the mapping service at the CUNY Center for Urban Research, wrote me by email that “Ocasio-Cortez did best in areas such as Astoria/Steinway and Sunnyside, which happen to be more white than other parts of the district,” a point he elaborated upon in a story quoting him posted on The Intercept:You can also see that most of her votes, the strongest vote support, came from areas like Astoria in Queens and Sunnyside in Queens and parts of Jackson Heights that, number one, were not predominantly Hispanic, so they’re a more mixed population, and are areas where — this is kind of a term of art — are in the process of being gentrified, where newer people are moving in,Grace Segers, writing in July on the City & State website, noted that Crowley fell victim to gentrification and that force may upend expectations in Democratic primaries throughout Manhattan and western Brooklyn and Queens. And the rise of younger voters who are newer to their districts and unattached to incumbents could power insurgent candidates throughout New York City.David Freedlander, writing in Politico Magazine, captured the unanticipated voting patterns that gave rise to Crowley’s defeat. “Ocasio-Cortez’s best precincts,” Freedlander wrote, were highly educated, whiter and richer than the district as a whole. In those neighborhoods, Ocasio-Cortez clobbered Crowley by 70 percent or more.Conversely, Crowley did best in “the working-class African-American enclave of LeFrak City, where he got more than 60 percent of the vote.” In fact, Crowleypulled some of his best numbers in Ocasio-Cortez’s heavily Latino and African-American neighborhood of Parkchester, in the Bronx — beating her by more than 25 points on her home turf.Jerry Skurnik, a New York political consultant, describes gentrifying communities outside Manhattan as experiencing an influx of “people who really want to live in Greenwich Village but can’t afford to.”This younger, well-educated constituency — predominately but not exclusively white — is hostile to cautious establishment Democrats, especially to older white men, and they are determined to engineer an intraparty cultural and ideological insurgency.The emergence in force in 2018 of these insurgent Democrats grows in part out of the Sanders presidential campaign. Sanders mobilized millions of voters, many of whom did not want the Democrats to nominate a candidate with deep ties to party regulars and to the major donor community.Maps of primary voting patterns in 2016 and 2018 produced by CUNY’s Graduate School of Journalism and the Center for Urban Research show that Sanders beat Clinton in just a handful of New York City neighborhoods. Many of those Sanders neighborhoods are in Ocasio-Cortez’s district and they are the communities that provided her biggest margins of victory.Sanders also carried Somerville in 2016, 12,247 to 9,016, where support for Capuano imploded two years later.If the turnout patterns in the Ocasio-Cortez and Pressley districts are even modestly predictive, the Democratic Party may be changing in significant ways.Tom Kiley, who conducted polling for Capuano, described in an email the shifting makeup of the Democratic electorate in the Seventh District of Massachusetts:Mike did best among older, white, non-college educated Democrats who, for the most part, still described themselves as liberals or moderate liberals.Pressley’s base, Kiley wrote, was overwhelmingly made up of liberal, college-educated, white voters, especially those under 45 who did not have a history of voting in off-year elections. We were expecting what we considered a robust turnout of 75,000 for the day after Labor Day. In fact it ballooned to over 100,000, largely on the strength of this younger white cohort.While the Boston-Cambridge-Somerville district is far more liberal than the national average, Kiley argued that trends there are likely to be replicated in many regions of the country. “These new voters will have a major impact in the Democratic nomination process in many states,” he wrote:The desire for change in general is huge, and Trump is a powerful accelerant. I have to believe these new voters aren’t going to just retreat after electing new members of Congress; they’ll come out in droves in the primaries next year. And they’ll be voting for change.While primary voters are normally predominately committed partisans with a long history of voting, in the Pressley-Capuano contest more than half of the voters had no record of previous primary voting (24 percent) or were recorded as voting in only one previous primary (29 percent).“If the Pressley campaign was banking on turnout, they certainly cashed in,” wrote Maeve Duggan, research director at the MassINC Polling Group, in an article posted on the website of WBUR, Boston’s NPR news station.“Some 106,556 voters in the 7th Congressional District cast ballots in the 2018 Democratic primary, compared with just 61,725 in 2014,” she continued, “and among the district’s 2018 primary voters, only 37 percent had also voted” in 2014 primaries, according to voter file analysis.Duggan and the MassINC Polling Group analyzed the demographics of the first-time voters and found:They were predominantly women and young people: Fifty-five percent were women, and 66 percent were age 44 or younger (including 34 percent who were 18 to 29 years old).The surge of young voters had a powerful impact, increasingthe overall proportion of voters 44 or younger from 25 percent in 2014 to 42 percent in 2018. Combining age and gender, women ages 18 to 29 made up the largest group of new voters, at 20 percent.The new voters, she found, “were more likely to be Asian or Hispanic, compared with the 7th’s repeat voters,” but, she noted, the state’s only majority-minority congressional district “still has a predominantly white voting base.”A July 2018 pre-election survey of voters in the Capuano-Pressley district conducted by WBUR-MassINC makes clear the importance of growing political participation among young voters. The survey found striking generational differences not only on the candidates but on issues.18-to-29-year-olds favored Pressley over Capuano 41-23 while those over 60 backed Capuano 59-28. Asked if they would be more or less likely to support a candidate who “made abolishing ICE a major priority,” young voters said “more likely” by 48-18 while older voters said it would make them “less likely” by 25-23.Both young and old supported a national health care program, but the margin of support versus oppose was larger (90-2) among young voters than among their elders (71-16).In a postelection analysis of the Ocasio-Cortez-Crowley contest, the Global Strategy Group found:White gentrified liberal areas went big for AOC and surged. Younger, white liberal areas contributed heavily to the margin of Ocasio-Cortez’s victory. Ocasio-Cortez won Hispanics.At the same time, according to their analysis, voters Crowley thought he could depend upon — “expected people, especially older primary voters — did not show up.”Joshua M. Zeitz, a historian whose most recent book is “Building the Great Society: Inside Lyndon Johnson’s White House,” argues that contemporary Democratic progressives are not insurgents, but in full accord with party tradition.In an essay in Politico, “Democrats Aren’t Moving Left. They’re Returning to Their Roots,” Zeitz argued thatWhat pundits today decry as a radical turn in Democratic policy and politics actually finds its antecedents in 1944. With the country fully mobilized for war, President Franklin Roosevelt called for “a second Bill of Rights … an economic Bill of Rights” that would entitle all Americans to a “useful and remunerative job,” “the right to earn enough to provide adequate food and clothing and recreation,” the “right … to a decent home,” “the right to adequate medical care” and the “right to a good education.”Sawhill looks at the ideological shifts in the Democratic electorate less from a historical perspective and more as a response to contemporary economic and social dislocation. Among both conservatives and liberals, Sawhill argued, there is “an intellectual awakening about the flaws of modern capitalism” — a recognition of the failings of “neoliberalism, the idea that a market economy with a few light guardrails is the best way to organize a society.” This intellectual climate may result in greater receptivity among voters to more radical proposals.The willingness of voters to support Democrats who are pushing initiatives like these will depend in large part, however, on the ability of candidates to assure the general electorate that their agenda is beneficial to all and not just to favored liberal constituencies. This will be difficult, given the fact that what is being proposed is a much larger role for government, and that those who are most in need of government support are in the bottom half of the income distribution and disproportionately minority — in a country with a long racist history. As a presidential candidate, Barack Obama was able to overcome this barrier twice, but the challenge should not be minimized.I invite you to follow me on Twitter, @Edsall.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.BERLIN — The German government is expected to halve its economic growth forecast for 2019 to 0.5 percent from 1.0 percent due to weaker exports in the wake of global trade tensions, the news magazine Der Spiegel reported late on Thursday.It said the new forecast for Europe's largest economy, which is to be released next Wednesday, could still change marginally.The government expects gross domestic product to grow by 1.5 percent in 2020, partly because of positive calendar effects from four public holidays falling on weekends, Spiegel reported. Germany's leading economic institutes last week also revised down their 2019 growth forecast to 0.8 percent from a previous estimate of 1.9 percent.New data released this week showed that German exports and imports had fallen more than expected in February.Germany's economy is facing headwinds from a slowing world economy, global trade disputes and the threat of Britain leaving the European Union without a deal. Its manufacturing sector is in recession as exporters bear the brunt of weaker demand.The export-dependent economy has been relying on consumption and state spending for growth, helped by a solid labour market and low interest rates, but last year posted its weakest growth rate in five years.The weaker growth forecast will inform Germany's tax forecast, to be released in May. (Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Kevin Liffey)The consequences of a run-in with the law can persist for decades after the formal sentence has been served. People with records face major barriers to employment, housing and education, effectively condemning them to second-class citizenship.In recent years, criminal justice reform efforts have increasingly focused on finding policy tools that can lower these barriers. The most powerful potential lever is the expungement of criminal convictions, which seals them from public view, removes them from databases, and neutralizes most of their legal effects.At least 36 states have laws allowing expungement, but they tend to be narrow in scope. Whether it’s allowed typically depends on the number of convictions and the type of crime; people usually have to wait years after completing their sentences and go through an elaborate process to have their records cleared. In the past year there’s been an explosion of activity on this front, however. In late February, an especially ambitious bill was introduced in the California Legislature, allowing automatic expungement of misdemeanors and minor felonies after completion of a sentence. In Utah, an automatic expungement bill is awaiting the governor’s signature. These developments follow on the heels of the first major automatic expungement law, which passed in Pennsylvania last summer. Reflecting the changing politics surrounding criminal justice, the movement for these reforms has attracted a bipartisan coalition, creating a real possibility that more states around the country could pass similar laws. Still, such efforts must overcome the primary objection of critics: that employers, landlords and others have a public safety interest in knowing the criminal records of those they interact with.For many years, debates about expungement laws have been missing something critical: hard data about their effects. But this week, we released the results of the first major empirical study of expungement laws. Michigan, where our data came from, has an expungement law that exemplifies the traditional nonautomatic approach.Our analysis produced some good news and some bad news — but all of the findings strongly support efforts to expand the availability of expungement.The good news is that people who get expungements tend to do very well. We found that within a year, on average, their wages go up by more than 20 percent, after controlling for their employment history and changes in the Michigan economy. This gain is mostly driven by unemployed people finding work and minimally employed people finding steadier positions.This finding is especially encouraging because some skeptics have argued that expungement can’t work in the age of Google — that the criminal-record genie can’t be put back in the bottle. We have no doubt that this is sometimes true: People with expunged records may sometimes be haunted by online mug shots, for instance. Even so, many others do benefit.In addition, contrary to the fears of critics, people with expunged records break the law again at very low rates. Indeed, we found that their crime rates are considerably lower than those of Michigan’s general adult population. That may be in part because expungement reduces recidivism. But another likely reason is that expungement recipients aren’t high risk to begin with. Like most states, Michigan requires a waiting period before expungement (five years after a person’s last interaction with law enforcement). Research in criminology indicates that people with records who go several years without another conviction are unlikely to offend again.To be sure, if expanded laws cut down waiting periods or otherwise loosened eligibility requirements, the broader pools of recipients might have a higher baseline crime risk. But even then, there’s simply no reason to believe that expungement would increase those baseline crime risks. Again, if anything, access to jobs, housing and other benefits should reduce overall levels of crime.So here’s the bad news: Hardly anyone gets expungements. According to information Michigan State Police provided to us, Michigan grants about 2,500 a year — but that’s a drop in the bucket compared to the number of criminal convictions there each year. Precise numbers are hard to come by, but we estimate that there are hundreds of thousands annually. Relatively few people with records meet the legal requirements — but that’s not the only problem. Even among those who do qualify, we found that only 6.5 percent received expungements within five years of becoming eligible. Michigan judges have discretion to reject applications, but that’s not the big reason for this low rate. Rather, over 90 percent of those eligible don’t even apply.Given the large potential benefits of expungement, why wouldn’t someone apply? We interviewed expungement lawyers and advocates for people with records, whose insights pointed to a clear set of explanations. Most people don’t know they can get an expungement, or don’t know how to do it, and don’t have lawyers to advise them. The process is long and complicated, requiring visits to police stations and courthouses. The fees and costs (which in Michigan usually total close to $100, not including transportation and time away from work) are a barrier for people in poverty. And people with records have often had painful experiences with the criminal justice system, making the prospect of returning to it for any reason daunting.The low  rate of applications for expungement is consistent with broader findings about the difficulties that poor and middle-class Americans face in dealing with the legal system. When the state makes it too hard or costly for citizens to exercise a right or opportunity, it’s not that different from denying that right or opportunity. Most people won’t be able to jump through all those hoops.The policy upshot of our research is clear: Obtaining an expungement should be made as simple as possible. Ideally, states should follow the approach of Pennsylvania and the new California and Utah bills, and make expungement automatic once the legal requirements are met.Our results suggest that expungement is a powerful tool for improving outcomes for people with records, without risk (and possibly with benefits) to public safety. But lawmakers need to make it much easier for people to actually use that tool and get a fresh start to life. J. J. Prescott and Sonja B. Starr are professors at the University of Michigan Law School. The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.WASHINGTON — The Group of 20 industrialized nations agreed on the need to take timely policy action to ensure that heightening risks do not prolong a global economic slowdown, Japan's central bank governor said on Friday.Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said that while the global economy was likely to rebound in the latter half of this year, the risks of a further downturn were rising due to uncertainty over issues such as the U.S.-China trade dispute."There was a shared understanding among the G20 members that each country needs to take timely policy action," Kuroda told a news conference after the end of a two-day meeting of G20 finance leaders and central bank chiefs in Washington."We need to be mindful of the risks to global growth. G20 countries must ensure they don't take steps that heighten risks, and instead take steps to lessen them," he said.Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso also said the balance of risks to the global economic outlook were skewed to the downside due to the possibility of escalating trade tensions and lingering political risks."We recognise the risk that growth prospects might deteriorate if weakening in key economies feed into each other, given the heightened uncertainties across the global economy," Aso said at the news conference.Aso added that excessive global imbalances posed risks to the global economy and needed to be addressed multilaterally, rather than on a bilateral basis.As the chair country of this year's G20 gatherings, Japan wants to deepen talks on global imbalances, an effort to divert Washington's attention from bilateral trade imbalances and stave off U.S. pressure to negotiate two-way trade deals.The G20 countries did not issue a communique after their gathering, which was held on the sidelines of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank spring meetings. (Additional reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by Paul Simao)Last year looked like the time when President Trump had delivered on his promises to strengthen the economy. His tax cuts appeared to juice growth above 3 percent, a pace the United States had not topped since 2005. But on Thursday the Commerce Department revised 2018 growth downward to below 3 percent, even as forecasts for 2019 were also trending lower, toward 2 percent. It all has triggered another wave of disappointed commentary about doggedly “slow” growth in the United States.But it is not just an American story, and it’s not just Mr. Trump who won’t deliver on promises of 3, 4 or even 5 percent growth. Across the world, economists have had to downgrade growth forecasts in most years since the global financial crisis of 2008.Defying the hopeful projections, Japan has rarely grown faster than 1 percent. Europe has struggled to sustain growth faster than 1.5 percent. No one quite knows how fast China is growing, but it’s clear that there, too, the economy is slowing. So why is the dismal science suddenly guilty of issuing overly optimistic forecasts that set the whole world up for disappointment?Economists keep basing forecasts on trends established during the postwar miracle years, when growth was boosted by expanding populations, rising productivity and exploding debt. But population and productivity growth had stagnated by 2008, and the financial crisis put a sudden end to the debt binge. The miracle is over.Politicians often promise to bring back a golden age, but serious economists also are encouraging a similar illusion. Even during the Industrial Revolution, in the 19th century, the world economy rarely grew faster than 2.5 percent a year, until the post-World War II baby boom began to rapidly expand the labor force. After 1950, the combination of more workers and more output per worker lifted the pace of global growth to 4 percent. Economists came to think 4 percent was “normal.”Yet by last decade, the baby boom had faded out from Europe to Japan and China. Even in the United States, younger and faster-growing than most developed countries, growth in the working-age population slowed to a mere 0.2 percent last year from 1.2 percent in the early 2000s. Because fewer workers correlates directly with slower growth, that decrease implied a 1-point drop in economic growth.Roughly, economists should have expected that United States economic growth would slow to 2 percent from 3 percent — and it has. This is the new normal for the American economy. Stimulus measures like the Trump tax cuts can lift growth above this path, but at best temporarily, at the risk of higher deficits and debt.For political leaders, the new age of slow growth is not a problem to solve; it’s a reality they need to accept and explain to the public. Because it’s just not that bad.When populations are growing slowly, the economy doesn’t need to grow as fast to keep incomes high. Thus in the United States this decade, growth in gross domestic product per capita has slowed much more gradually than the overall economy, by half a point, to an average of 1.4 percent. And though Mr. Trump likes to boast about how well the United States is doing against developed rivals, Europe has been growing just as fast in per capita terms this decade, and Japan has been growing slightly faster. In a rich country, that is fast enough to satisfy most people: Indeed, surveys show that Americans have rarely been more confident about the economy.Slower growth in the working-age population also means less competition for jobs worldwide, which goes a long way to explaining why unemployment is now at record lows not only in the United States but also in Germany and Japan. Surely that’s not a bad thing.Whatever politicians tell the public, their attempts to bring back the miracle years are ill advised. Growth in the economy is driven by growth in the number of workers and in output per worker, or productivity. But since the postwar surges of 1950s and 60s, productivity growth has slowed, also defying government efforts to lift it.For a time, the global economy kept motoring along anyway, fueled by a surge in debt. In the 1980s, central banks began winning the war on inflation, which allowed them to drop interest rates sharply. Lower borrowing costs unleashed a worldwide binge that saw debt surging from 100 percent of global gross domestic product in the late 1980s to 300 percent by 2008.Then the global financial crisis hit, ruining many private borrowers and lenders, many of whom are still wary of taking on new debt. After growing faster than the economy for three decades, debt growth in many countries, including the United States, has fallen back in line with economic growth. Even China, the one major country that dodged the crisis and experienced a surge in lending after 2008, is now reluctant to build on the mountain of debt that already weighs down its economy.So the postwar miracle is over. Economic growth is weighed down by the baby bust and the debt hangover. Yet because economists continue to base forecasts on miracle rates of growth — 4 percent for the world, 3 percent for the United States — policymakers keep fighting to hit these targets. This is very risky.There are growing calls from economists on both the right and the left to lower interest rates, or increase government spending, to boost growth even if that risks higher inflation. At the Federal Reserve, too, there is an emerging view that letting inflation rise above 2 percent, long considered a red line, may not be unwise.The underlying assumption seems to be that policymakers must take action because 2 percent G.D.P. growth is intolerably slow. But must they? The confidence surveys suggest Americans are quite content with record-low unemployment, benign inflation and 1.4 percent growth in gross domestic product per capita. Why then the rush to pump more money into the economy, which risks rekindling its debt problems and inflation?The world does not need more debt and more inflation to counter trends of declining population growth and high indebtedness. Instead, economists need to adjust their forecasts and politicians need to rethink their polices to match this reality. Because trying to recreate a bygone golden age is a shaky way to build the future.Ruchir Sharma, a contributing opinion writer, is chief global strategist at Morgan Stanley Investment Management and author of, most recently, “Democracy on the Road: A 25-Year Journey Through India.” The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.THE CASE FOR TRUMP By Victor Davis HansonI had expected that “The Case for Trump” would be an argument for why Donald Trump has been a good president, but it’s mostly about why Trump won in 2016, and its analysis, based on old polling and news clips, is interminable, marred by some cable-news-style exaggeration (Trump’s election foes are repeatedly characterized as being for “open borders”) and not particularly original. Victor Davis Hanson does, however, explain in passing and in the book’s concluding two chapters why he thinks Trump has been a good president, and this argument has some genuine merit and originality.In his preface, Hanson quotes approvingly Henry Kissinger’s judgment of Trump: “I think Trump may be one of those figures in history who appears from time to time to mark the end of an era and to force it to give up its old pretense.” That is true of Trump, as it was of Kissinger’s boss, Richard Nixon. Trump took office at a time when the early promise of globalization had foundered; when the purpose of the American alliance system was in doubt; when glowing projections of liberal democracy in Russia and China had proved dead wrong; and when America was mired in unwinnable wars.He spoke to these challenges in his campaign. His language was brutal, crude and sometimes racist or xenophobic, but in contrast to some of his opponents, he acknowledged the loss of more than two million manufacturing jobs to Chinese competition, the propensity of American companies to move abroad in search of lower wages and the continued difficulty of policing the country’s southern border. But the question is: What as president has he done about these things?ImageHanson, who is a retired classics professor and a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, compares Trump to a tragic hero, who, crippled by “an innate flaw,” suffers a sorry end, but in the meantime does incredible good. Hanson acknowledges Trump’s “tweeting … feuding … unbridled and often vicious speech, even his fast and loose relationship with the truth.” He writes that “Trump likely will end in one of two fashions, both not particularly good: either spectacular but unacknowledged accomplishments followed by ostracism when he is out of office and no longer useful, or, less likely, a single term due to the eventual embarrassment of his beneficiaries, as if his utility is no longer worth the wages of his perceived crudity.”In line with the first of these alternatives, Hanson believes that what Trump “accomplished in his first 20 months in office was undeniably impressive.” Hanson credits Trump with ramping up the economy and lowering unemployment through tax cuts and deregulation. He praises Trump for forcing China and Europe into trade negotiations, pulling out of the Paris climate change and Iran nuclear agreements, moving the American embassy to Jerusalem (“Trump blew up the Israeli-Palestinian deadlock”) and “squeezing” North Korea through sanctions. “It was hard to see,” Hanson writes, “how U.S. relations with key allies or deterrent stances against enemies were not improved since the years of the Obama administration, at least in the sense that there was no more naïve Russian reset.”Except for detailing Trump’s success in boosting the economy, Hanson does not argue these points against obvious objections. Pulling out of Paris? Hanson at one point describes global warming as an “apparition,” but he cites no scientific evidence for this or any justification for abandoning international agreements to limit carbon emissions. Improved relations with allies? What about our European allies? Or Canada? As for the Iran deal, he claims that “most experts had known that the Obama-led Iran deal was unworkable and thus unsustainable,” but by my count the most prominent thought otherwise. I am not saying that Trump did nothing that was impressive — he has definitely gone beyond his predecessors in contesting China’s trade practices — but that many of the things Hanson cites as “undeniably impressive” need justification, at least if Hanson intended his book to be read by people who don’t already agree with its bald assertions.Like other political analysts, Hanson portrays the 2016 election as a contest between “two Americas” — an affluent coastal elite and a hinterland that had been flattened by globalization as “jobs and commerce were outsourced to lower-cost Asia and Latin America.” Trump was the voice of the hinterland. The “insidious decline of the Rust Belt by 2016 was the embryo of Donald Trump’s candidacy.” Of course, Trump also attracted conventional Republicans in Kansas or Arizona who simply saw him as preferable to Hillary Clinton, but the blue-collar voters in states like Wisconsin that had previously gone Democratic were the key to his victory. They liked what he said about trade and immigration and his defiance of political correctness. “Trump’s own uncouthness,” Hanson writes, “was in its own manner contextualized by his supporters as a long overdue pushback to the elite disdain and indeed hatred shown them.”Most of Hanson’s book was written before the 2018 election and does not seem to have been substantially revised in the light of the Republican defeats. He predicts that the Midwest, where Democrats did pretty well in 2018, “is insidiously becoming another red-state South.” In his epilogue, based on early estimates, Hanson discounts the 2018 results, writing that the Democrats “in strictly statistical terms had done historically not all that much better than most opposition parties in a president’s first term.” But since 1946, the average loss of the presidential party has been 25 not 40 seats, and in most of these instances, the economy was not booming. In 1998, when it was booming, Bill Clinton’s Democrats gained five seats. That suggests that of the two alternatives Hanson offers, the one that he deems the less likely, “a single term due to the eventual embarrassment of his beneficiaries,” may prove to be his tragic hero’s fate.BERLIN — German exports and imports both fell more than expected in February, data showed on Monday, in the latest sign that Europe's largest economy is likely to post meagre growth in the first quarter amid increased headwinds from abroad.German exporters are suffering from a slowing world economy, trade disputes and Brexit angst. Leading economic institutes last week slashed their forecast for 2019 growth and warned a long-term upswing had come to an end.The Federal Statistics Office said seasonally adjusted exports were down by 1.3 percent on the month, the biggest drop in 12 months, while imports fell 1.6 percent.The trade surplus edged up to 18.7 billion euros (£16 billion) from a revised 18.6 billion euros the previous month.A Reuters poll of economists had pointed to a 0.5 percent decrease in exports and a 0.7 percent decline in imports. The trade surplus was expected to narrow to 18.0 billion euros."There simply seem to be too many crises in global trade for the German export sector to defy all of them at the same time," Carsten Brzeski from ING said.He pointed to the trade dispute between the United States and China, growing fears of a no-deal Brexit, a possible cooling of the Chinese economy and problems in other emerging markets.Data released last weak showed German industrial orders fell by the biggest margin in more than two years in February. However, industrial output rose slightly more than expected in the same month as mild weather helped a surge in construction.Germany is in its 10th year of economic expansion, but narrowly skirted a recession at the end of last year and posted its weakest growth rate in five years in 2018.The German government will update its growth forecast later this month. In January, Berlin said it expected the economy to grow by 1.0 percent this year. (Reporting by Michael Nienaber; Editing by Michelle Martin)WASHINGTON — World leaders may need to coordinate fiscal stimulus if the global economy slows sharply, the chief economist at the International Monetary Fund said on Tuesday.IMF chief economist Gita Gopinath said the global lender still thinks global growth will re-accelerate next year but risks abound. "This is a delicate moment for the global economy," she said in a news conference. (Reporting by Jason Lange and David Lawder; Editing by Paul Simao)This article is part of David Leonhardt’s newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it each weekday.For a decade now, the people whose job it is to predict the economy’s performance have made the same mistake, again and again and again. They have been too optimistic.The pattern started during the 2007-09 financial crisis, of course. But it didn’t end there. In the immediate aftermath, the Federal Reserve was too quick to see “green shoots” sprouting across the economy. And in the years since, forecasters at both the Fed and in the private sector have repeatedly made forecasts that turned out to be too sunny.A chart that runs with my column today shows this pattern.[Listen to “The Argument” podcast every Thursday morning, with Ross Douthat, Michelle Goldberg and David Leonhardt.]It’s an important one, because it helps debunk the notion that the American economy is now enjoying an economic boom. If it were really a boom, the economy wouldn’t keep falling short of the experts’ predictions.I was inspired to dig into these forecasts — and the errors in them — after reading a new academic paper last week, by Lawrence Summers, the former Treasury secretary, and Lukasz Rachel, of the Bank of England. That paper is part of Summers’s continuing argument that the economy is suffering from something called “secular stagnation.” The economy isn’t simply enduring a slow recovery from the crisis. Its problems are deeper, as I lay out in the column.More on ‘Secular Stagnation’ “The core of the problem is that there is not enough private investment to absorb, at normal interest rates, all the private saving,” Summers wrote last week in a Washington Post op-ed. “The result is extremely low interest rates, weak demand, and low growth and inflation, along with the bidding up of the price of existing capital assets.” Summers also explained his “secular stagnation” theory in a WBUR segment last week. “Without the push of stimulative monetary or fiscal policy — or both — the U.S. economy will probably slow and the unemployment rate will rise,” wrote Jared Bernstein, also in The Washington Post, on the same broad subject. “The Democrats’ progressive agenda is not only a response to the upward redistribution that Republicans have successfully pushed since President Ronald Reagan. It is also a coherent and essential response to underlying stagnation that has grown to plague advanced economies.” My colleague Paul Krugman has also weighed in. Ben Bernanke, the former Federal Reserve chairman, has criticized the secular-stagnation theory, as Vox’s Matt Yglesias chronicled in 2015.Waiting for MuellerRegular readers may recall that Quinta Jurecic of Lawfare wrote this newsletter for a week last summer while I was on break. Over the weekend, she published a handy guide to the upcoming — or so we all assume — Mueller report.CorrectionI misspelled the last name of Jordan Weissmann, the Slate economics writer, in a newsletter last week. It has two n’s, not one. If you are not a subscriber to this newsletter, you can subscribe here. You can also join me on Twitter (@DLeonhardt) and Facebook.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.LONDON — Global economic growth is slowing, according to the International Monetary Fund, policymakers and hundreds of economists polled by Reuters - but that downturn is coming at a time when central banks' arsenals are running on empty.On Tuesday, the IMF cut its expectations for world growth to its lowest level since 2016, its third downgrade since October, and said risks to the global financial system have grown over the past six months."This is a delicate moment for the global economy," IMF chief economist Gita Gopinath told a news conference.Major central banks have reined in their forecasts, and in recent months economists in Reuters polls have repeatedly trimmed their expectations for the countries they cover."Last week's releases provide some reassurance that the world economy is not falling off a cliff, which had seemed a plausible, if relatively small, risk as recently as a month or so ago. This is clearly good news," said Neil Shearing, group chief economist at Capital Economics."But we remain in the late stages of this global economic expansion. Springtime inevitably brings with it an air of optimism for the future – but in the case of the world economy at least, we expect growth to remain subdued."Rising trade protectionism and tighter financial conditions have been blamed for the slowdown. Uncertainty over how to practically implement Britain's June 2016 decision to quit the European Union has also played its part.Trade conflict with the United States and sluggish demand means China's economic growth is expected to slow to a near 30-year low of 6.2 percent this year, a Reuters poll showed on Friday.While still waging a trade war against China that is widely regarded as harmful to global growth, U.S. President Donald Trump has now threatened to slap tariffs on $11 billion of products from the EU.Those threats come as British politicians continue to struggle to agree on a way to leave the EU. A messy exit would almost certainly further damage the economies of both sides in the divorce, with the impact likely spreading further afield.In the early hours of Thursday, EU leaders gave Britain six more months to leave the bloc. But the latest extension still offers little clarity on when, how or even if Brexit will happen.British Prime Minister Theresa May has so far failed to build support in the UK parliament for the withdrawal terms she agreed with the EU last year, but she now has until Oct 31 to do that or find an alternative course."Brexit was originally supposed to have occurred two weeks ago but the intractability of the problem coupled with political incompetence on the part of the UK means that it has been postponed yet again," said Peter Dixon, an economist at Commerzbank."The scope for lifting Brexit-related uncertainty is thus limited, which suggests little prospect of a sustainable rebound in either the economy or sterling."THE CUPBOARD WAS BAREWhat appears to be a globally synchronized economic slowdown comes as central banks run out of tools for supporting growth.After the 2008 financial crisis policymakers slashed interest rates - sometimes below zero - and also turned to more unconventional measures to boost growth, such as pumping trillions of dollars into economies.But as inflation has never really picked up, many of them have yet to change tack and start tightening.The U.S. Federal reserve led the pack and has hiked rates nine times in the current cycle, but it is probably now done with increases until at least the end of next year.The Bank of England has lifted Bank Rate twice since the June 2016 referendum, but borrowing costs remain very close to record lows and expectations for a rate hike later this year are far from set in stone.The European Central Bank, already on its longest break from changing interest rates, may have missed its chance to raise them this time around altogether. According to a median forecast in a Reuters poll, the first increase won't come until after June next year.On Wednesday, ECB President Mario Draghi even raised the prospect of more support for the struggling euro zone economy if its slowdown persisted, saying the central bank had "plenty of instruments" with which to react.However, one problem is that after pushing borrowing costs to record lows and taking 2.6 trillion euros' worth of bonds out of the market, the ECB's options are limited and there are fears what it has will not be enough."Market pricing is expressing more anxiety that the ECB is either too slow to use whatever is left in its policy toolbox or – worse – that it thinks the tools won't do much anyway," said Laurence Mutkin, global head of G10 rates strategy at BNP Paribas. (Reporting by Jonathan Cable; Editing by Hugh Lawson)LONDON — A customs union with the European Union would not work for Britain's economy if it restricted its ability to influence trade policy and strike deals independently, foreign minister Jeremy Hunt said on Wednesday."A customs union would not work for a large economy the size of the UK ... I don't think it's the right solution," Hunt told ITV's Peston program, adding he did not know if talks with the opposition party Labour Party, which backs a customs union, would solve the Brexit impasse. (Reporting by Alistair Smout, editing by Elizabeth Piper)The Labor Department released a proposal on Monday that would limit claims against big companies for employment-law violations by franchisees or contractors.The proposal seeks to define when, for example, employees of a locally owned McDonald’s restaurant could challenge the McDonald’s Corporation over compliance with minimum-wage and overtime laws.The proposal, which will require a 60-day public comment period before it can be finalized, could affect the ability of millions of workers to pursue wage claims under a concept called joint employment.Franchisees and contractors can be small, poorly capitalized operations, complicating efforts to recover wages that were illegally denied. Instead, those efforts are often directed at large companies with whom those employers have relationships.“This proposal will reduce uncertainty over joint employer status and clarify for workers who is responsible for their employment protections,” the labor secretary, Alexander Acosta, said in a statement.[In an abrupt shift, McDonald’s said last week that it would no longer lobby against minimum-wage increases.]The proposal is a sharp departure from the joint-employer criteria that the Labor Department laid out in 2016 under the Obama administration. Under those guidelines, a company like McDonald’s could be held liable for minimum-wage violations committed by a franchisee even if it did not directly supervise workers or hire and fire them. Exerting some forms of indirect control — like providing software or developing policies on which a franchisee relies — could make the larger corporation liable.The Obama Labor Department also argued that corporations could be joint employers even without exercising control over a franchisee or contractor, simply because the smaller companies were economically dependent on them — for example, because the “upstream” company at the top of the supply chain provided facilities and handled payroll for a contractor.The new proposal substantially restricts the situations in which a franchiser like McDonald’s would be considered liable. In an example laid out by the Labor Department, a global hotel brand would not be held liable for minimum-wage and overtime violations that a local franchisee committed, even if the franchisee relied on a variety of material provided by the hotel chain, such as sample employment applications and sample employee handbooks.“Through this proposal, the Department of Labor has the chance to undo one of the most harmful regulatory actions from the past administration and replace it with a rule that creates certainty for America’s 733,000 franchise businesses,” Matthew Haller, a senior vice president at the International Franchise Association, said in a statement.“An expanded joint employer standard has held back tens of billions of dollars in economic output each year due to a proliferation of frivolous lawsuits, precipitating significant changes to the way franchise brands interact with their local owners,” he said.According to the new proposal, four factors are involved in establishing joint employment: whether the upstream company exercises the power to hire and fire employees, whether it supervises them and controls their schedules, whether it sets their pay and whether it keeps up their employment records.If a company doesn’t engage in most or all of these activities, it is unlikely that it would be deemed a joint employer.Critics accused the department of laying out a step-by-step guide to employers seeking to get off the hook for violations even when they have substantial control over workers hired by their franchisees and contractors.“It has provided such an obvious road map for employers to evade liability,” said Sharon Block, a former top official in the Obama Labor Department who is executive director of the Labor and Worklife Program at Harvard Law School. “But that’s going to introduce tremendous uncertainty into the lives of American workers who are subject to these business models.”Ms. Block said that the legality of the regulation was likely to be challenged once it was finalized, and that courts could refuse to be bound by it.The proposal comes at a moment of political peril for Mr. Acosta, who has been dogged by allegations that his office negotiated an unduly lenient plea agreement in a sex-trafficking case while he was the United States attorney in South Florida more than a decade ago. The defendant, the financier Jeffrey E. Epstein, was accused of sex offenses involving girls as young as 14 but pleaded guilty to more minor prostitution charges.Some Democrats have called for Mr. Acosta’s resignation, and some Republicans have called for investigations into the matter.Mr. Acosta has been viewed as especially vulnerable partly because a constituency that can normally be rallied to support a Republican labor secretary — business groups and management lawyers — has complained that he has been slow to step back from important Obama-era policies and offer alternatives that are friendlier to business.A Labor Department spokeswoman defended the agency’s record, citing data showing that it achieved the second-largest cost savings of any department through its deregulatory efforts during the last fiscal year, behind the Department of Health and Human Services.Some of those employer concerns have subsided after Labor Department efforts in recent weeks, first with a plan on overtime eligibility, which signals a partial retreat from an Obama-era rule that a court had struck down, and now with the joint-employer proposal.The latest proposal is part of a broader debate, also playing out at the National Labor Relations Board, over when employers should be held liable for violations committed by franchisees and contractors.Because the board oversees the right to unionize and take other types of collective action, its joint-employer doctrine determines whether companies are liable when, say, a franchisee illegally fires a worker in retaliation for trying to organize a union.Under the doctrine set by the board during the Obama administration, a company is considered a joint employer if it exercises direct or indirect control over workers hired by a franchisee or contractor.But the board, now with a Republican majority, is considering a proposal to narrow the standard so that control would have to be “substantial, direct and immediate.”Tammy McCutchen, a lawyer at the management-side law firm Littler Mendelson who was a top labor official in the George W. Bush administration, said she believed that the two agencies were effectively synchronizing their joint-employment rules so that companies would face comparable standards of liability regardless of the type of violation.She also argued that the Labor Department was essentially returning to a pre-Obama doctrine affirmed many times by federal courts. The Obama-era Labor Department was “cherry-picking” to find legal precedent for its position, Ms. McCutchen said.But David Weil, the Obama administration official whose division produced the 2016 guidance on the topic, said whatever their rulings, courts had typically acknowledged that the law required the Labor Department to use a fairly broad standard. Such a standard, he said, considers on-the-ground realities rather than merely the kind of narrow and formal checklist in the department’s new proposal.“The idea that it’s so simple defies logic,” Mr. Weil said.ISTANBUL — President Tayyip Erdogan's losses in local elections have dented investors' hopes that Turkey will adopt painful reforms they say are needed to stabilize the economy as he moves to shore up his political base.Erdogan's Islamist-rooted AK Party (AKP), in power nationally since 2002, lost control of the capital Ankara and the business hub Istanbul in the March 31 polls, initial results showed. The AKP has demanded recounts in both cities.Turkish Finance Minister Berat Albayrak, who is Erdogan's son-in-law, is expected this week to announce to jittery foreign investors the structural reforms he hopes will revive an economy plagued by high inflation and a fragile currency. State-owned Anadolu news agency said the announcement would be on Wednesday.After a currency crisis last year that saw the lira lose nearly 30 percent of its value, economists say Turkey needs to make long-term commitments to increase exports, relieve debt-laden companies and free up the central bank to do its job.Erdogan, who campaigned hard ahead of the vote, said on election night the AKP would now refocus on the economy.But many analysts are skeptical about the chances for a comprehensive reform plan, especially after the elections, and fear the AKP will opt instead for short-term stimulus measures that fail to tackle, and may even exacerbate, deeper weaknesses."The AKP base want more pro-growth measures, they want more fiscal measures, they want lower inflation. It is exactly what they (the AKP) did before the elections and it will have to continue if (Erdogan) wants to remain popular," said Guillaume Tresca, senior emerging markets strategist at Credit Agricole. "I would not expect concrete reforms, it will be just words."BOOM AND BUSTAt the heart of Turkey's economic malaise is years of cheap foreign funding that drove a construction-driven boom. Once the lira collapsed, firms could not pay off debts and that exposed their lenders and employees to default and bankruptcy.As the economy tipped into recession last year, the lira stabilized and inflation dipped a bit from a 15-year high of 25 percent, offering some relief.But a series of ad hoc measures have stoked investors' concerns that Turkey is not fully committed to letting its currency float freely or to allowing the central bank to keep interest rates high - at 24 percent since September - for as long as needed to bring inflation down from 20 percent. To help hard-pressed Turks this year, the government launched discount fruit and vegetable stands and extended tax cuts on some goods. To tackle a lira meltdown last month, it ordered banks to choke off lira funding to a London foreign-exchange market and tapped into central bank reserves. "It looks like the Erdogan instinct is to survive," said Nihat Bulent Gultekin, a former Turkish central bank governor and now a professor at the University of Pennsylvania."I don't think they have any long-term objectives. It would require a constant focus on the economy for an extended period of time."HARD TO SWALLOWAlbayrak has given few details of the coming reforms, saying only that they would address a wide range of issues.The lira has settled down in recent days after its pre-election volatility and analysts say Albayrak's reforms will help determine whether volatility returns. "The market expects concrete measures to address economic imbalances accompanied by a specific timetable," said Piotr Matys, emerging markets forex strategist at Rabobank.Moody's said "the credibility and effectiveness" of reforms will be key to Turkey's credit profile, which the ratings agency downgraded in August. "There is a risk that the government will embark on even more expensive stimulus programs as it begins to recognize the extent of the economic downturn," it said. Investors and economists say Ankara needs a plan to recapitalize banks dealing with corporate restructuring and non-performing loans, which could more than double this year. It should also boost competitive export sectors such as auto and textile manufacturing in order to lower its annual current account deficit, which leaves the economy reliant on speculative foreign inflows, they say."We need to provide the right training and the right subsidies to the right sectors," Selva Demiralp, professor at Istanbul's Koc University. The reforms would take time and "there will be a price to pay because when the production structure is changing some people will be unemployed," she said.That may be hard to swallow for Erdogan and Turks in general who would not welcome a recession that lasts beyond the second half of 2019, when economists currently expect a return to growth. Unemployment has already risen above 13 percent. Although an unlikely option for Erdogan, who has repeatedly said Turkey does not need the International Monetary Fund, Matys of Rabobank said the reforms should ideally be overseen by the IMF to restore investor confidence. "A PowerPoint presentation (by Albayrak) with slides claiming that the economy is rebalancing quickly and a few bullet points may not prove sufficient to restore confidence among investors," he said. (Reporting by Ali Kucukgocmen and Jonathan Spicer; Additional reporting by Ezgi Erkoyun; Editing by Gareth Jones)