As an actress, Gwyneth Paltrow was embraced by fans and critics, winning an Oscar for her leading role in “Shakespeare in Love.” As a businesswoman, Ms. Paltrow has received decidedly mixed reviews.Many deride her lifestyle brand, Goop, as little more than an overhyped e-commerce platform peddling pseudoscience and baubles. California regulators secured a $145,000 settlement from Goop last year after suing the company for false advertising, including claims that a $66 vaginal jade egg could balance hormones, increase bladder control and regulate menstrual cycles. Ms. Paltrow is unbowed. Goop is now worth some $250 million, revenues are growing and Ms. Paltrow is looking to Disney for inspiration, visualizing a company that makes money through online retail, offline experiences, ad partnerships and more.Ms. Paltrow grew up around show business. Her father was the producer Bruce Paltrow, who died in 2002, and her mother is the actress Blythe Danner. This pedigree makes it all the harder for some people to accept that she is now a chief executive fully engaged in running her own business. Sometimes, she told me, people ask, “Who’s the silent male person who’s helping her?”There is no secret man running Goop. Instead, Ms. Paltrow herself is fluent in the intricacies of her business, speaking in detail about the tech stacks, contextual commerce strategies and email service providers that power Goop.And still, G.P. — as she is known to friends — remains every bit the celebrity. On the day we met, she started the day on “Good Morning America” promoting a new cookbook, and ended it singing karaoke on “The Tonight Show” with Jimmy Fallon.When our interview was over, she exited the building into a crush of paparazzi, before being whisked into a waiting black S.U.V. This interview, which was condensed and edited for clarity, was conducted in New York City.What was it like growing up around show business?I would see my mother on stage as a little girl, and she looked like a superhero. She looked like she was channeling the forces of the universe. And I just wanted to do that. So I followed in her footsteps. Acting is a very entrepreneurial career. You have to sort of connect to that level of self belief that entrepreneurs have to have. This abject, sometimes naïve, occasionally stupid amount of self belief.How did your mom feel about you wanting to follow in her footsteps?She always said, “Oh, please don’t be an actress.” She was pleading with me to leverage my intellectual self more than my artistic self, and I think she was just trying to protect me from a lot of rejection. It can be a heartbreaking career.So what was it like trying to get started as an actor?My first purview of management was on set, because — and I think other female actors would agree with me — part of your role is just to sort of maintain culture.What do you mean?We’re female. So we are kind of channeling the energy for the set and correcting imbalances. If there was ever any discord, especially between men, I felt it was my job to sort of balance the energy a little bit. Also, as in most industries, it’s predominantly male. Sometimes you would be the girl in a male cast, and could bring femininity and temper some of the male stuff.Does that hold true in business as well? Is it the same at Goop?Oh, completely. I think it’s both intentional and not intentional. The provenance of the company is such that when I went to go monetize it, the people who were drawn to it were not Silicon Valley males. So the great talent that I attracted was female.O.K. Is there any analogy between either the producer role and the C.E.O. role?My dad was a benevolent, tough Jewish boss. He was very loved for the most part, and he gave me a template for how one leads, consciously or unconsciously.So what’s the balance that you try to strike as the leader of the company?With every iteration of the company, I have to start completely at square one again.How so?When you’re in the family stage and your company has just nine people or whatever, it’s much different than trying to manage and maintain a culture of 250 people. I have no experience at this. It’s almost like I have to unlearn things, relearn things, start over.“When a start-up starts, it’s full of feminine energy.” — Gwyneth Paltrow What have you had to unlearn?When a start-up starts, it’s full of feminine energy, even if it’s an all male start-up. Right? Because it’s collaborative, it’s emotional, it’s passionate, it’s instinctual. Those are all feminine qualities. And then as it scales, you have to put some rules in place. And so that’s where the masculine comes in. And you have compliance and H.R. and all these things that are putting structure to the business, which is super important. So unlearning some of the old kind of feminine ways, trying to apply the right kind of masculinity, and seeing if it’s possible to really still lead from that feminine place, is what I think about.What is Goop all about?We want to always be moving culture forward with what we do in the content and in the offerings and also create conversations and forums to help eliminate shame. I think a lot of women experience a lot of shame in their lives. The more we talk about things that are sometimes uncomfortable, that are sometimes unknown, it might resonate with somebody. And then we might help them shed a little bit of that feeling.Is Goop just a brand for women?It is right now. But I don’t want to eliminate men. And more and more, to tell you the truth, men tell me, “We really need that same kind of content, and we want the same kinds of products.”How is your thinking about what product and service you recommend evolving? There have been some well-known flops.When we talk about something that is incendiary, I always see in six months other people starting to write about it, and 18 months later, businesses popping up around it. It’s always confirmation to me that we’re on the right track. I mean, when I did my gluten-free cookbook in 2015, the press was super negative and there were personal attacks about what I was feeding my children and what kind of mother I am. Now the gluten-free market is huge.Or conscious uncoupling. People were like, “This is insane, you’re crazy.” And now it’s sort of talked about as a thing that people think might be possible for them. And I’m always fascinated by why talk about female sexuality or female genitalia makes people so angry. The idea that a woman might have autonomy around her own sexual health or her own feelings, why is that threatening?But some of the things on your site stray into the realm of pseudoscience that may be not only unproven, but potentially dangerous.When we were young and not even monetizing the business and just sort of creating content, we didn’t necessarily understand anything about claims. We just thought, “Oh, this is a cool alternative modality, let’s write about it.” Of course we’ve made some mistakes along the way, but we’ve never been prescriptive. We’ve never said, “You should try this,” or “This works.” We’re just saying, “Wow, this is interesting, let’s have a Q. and A. with this person who practices this.” And then that somehow gets translated into, “Gwyneth says you should do this.”Do you see yourself as an actor who developed a career as a lifestyle entrepreneur, or a lifestyle entrepreneur who happened to have a career as an actor?I was masquerading as an actor.You must get requests for all sorts of things all the time. How do you say no?I am still very much in the “yes” phase of my life, probably to my detriment sometimes. But having the platform that I do puts me in this position to be able to share whatever lessons I’ve learned over time. I think I have some maturing to do before I get to the “no” phase.How have you learned to become a C.E.O.?Predominantly by making mistakes and talking to mentors. You can’t know what you don’t know, and I certainly was never in a position to understand, like, 99 percent of the things that I had to learn from an operations standpoint. So I made mistakes left, right and center.Can you give an example?Our whole e-commerce technology has been so problematic from the beginning because I had no idea about technology whatsoever. Our original tech stack was this Frankenstein.Some people have accused Goop of being an elitist brand, but you’ve pushed back. Can you explain your thinking here?A lot of people hear, “Hey, you could eat a bit better or exercise a bit more.” But they don’t want to take responsibility for themselves. So it’s easier to be critical of an entity or a person who is suggesting that, than it is to start making small, perhaps uncomfortable shifts in their lives.The true tenets of wellness are all free. Being in nature, meditating, eating whole foods. If you told our grandparents that eating whole, natural foods was elitist, they would have thought you were crazy. Have you ever gone on a meditation retreat?I have. I went on a silent meditation retreat at a monastery in the Catskills a long time ago. There was chanting in the morning with all the monks, which was heaven. And a matcha tea ceremony at the end, which was the best part.How was the experience for you?I found the prison of internalization really hard. It was more than just the silence. I had a lot of stuff resurfacing.Stuff comes up.It was nuts.So what’s the next big thing? What’s the next gluten free or conscious uncoupling?I think how psychedelics affect health and mental health and addiction will come more into the mainstream.Have you used psychedelics?I’ve never done it. I’m terrified. Did you?When I was younger, yes. It led me to meditation.I mean there’s undeniably some link between being in that state and being connected to some other universal cosmic something.It changes your mind. It changes the way you think.Yeah, and how do we do that as a culture? How do we evolve? What is the next iteration of the culture as it pertains to the way we think about things, the degree of openness to which we think about things and process things?What about ibogaine, that shrub from Gabon?I don’t know about this. Is this the next big thing?I don’t know. Don’t take my word for it.Well, I’m going to read about it on Goop.Yeah, you sure are.LONDON — In the political realm, no one knows how Brexit’s long-running theater of the absurd will end. But for much of the business world, Britain’s departure from the European Union has effectively happened.Nearly three years of uncertainty since the June 2016 referendum has forced companies to plan for the worst — the prospect that Britain could crash out of the bloc without a deal governing future relations. The twisting road to Brexit has already slowed economic growth, discouraged investment and damaged the reputation of the nation as a haven for commerce.Global banks and other financial services companies are steadily shifting thousands of jobs and more than $1 trillion in assets to European cities to ensure that they are able to serve customers across the English Channel regardless of the rules that national regulators impose after Brexit.Japanese automakers have scrapped plans to expand in Britain, in part because Brexit undermines the country’s virtues as a hub for European trade.Whatever comes next — a deal with Europe, an unruly exit or another vote that could cancel the proceedings, making Brexit the mother of all mulligans — the jobs and the money are unlikely to return. The deadlock only deepened on Monday, as Britain’s Parliament failed to reach consensus on the latest Brexit proposals.“Multinational companies came here with a clear understanding that Britain would offer a stable place to do business in exchange for access to the European Union,” said Peter Dixon, a global financial economist at Commerzbank AG in London. “The Brits have reneged on that contract. It’s destroyed, if you like, the sense that Britain is such a great place to do business. It’s a credibility hit. It’s a deep wound.”Since the 1980s, Japanese automakers have invested in factories in Britain to exploit the country’s duty-free access to Europe. Before the 2016 vote, Nissan warned that leaving the European Union could force the company to reassess its plans for its plant in Sunderland, in the north of England.Months after the vote, Prime Minister Theresa May offered Nissan a mysterious cocktail of promises that won  Nissan’s confidence. But in February, the company said it would not build a new sport utility vehicle in Sunderland. At about the same time, Honda said it was closing a factory in southwest England, in the town of Swindon, eliminating 3,500 jobs.Honda’s decision was motivated partly by a trade agreement that Japan struck last year with the European Union. The deal eliminates the need for a factory in Britain, because Honda can now ship cars made in Japan directly into Europe without incurring duties.If Britain leaves the European market, it will lose the benefits of the bloc’s trade deals. In short, just as Japan and Europe are liberalizing trade with each other, Britain is moving to impede trade with both.“The big worry is investment,” said Mike Hawes, chief executive of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders, an industry trade group. “Investors are just waiting to see, is it worth continuing to commit to the U.K. automotive industry?”The British economy is now 1 to 2.5 percent smaller than it would have been without the Brexit vote, economists estimate. Much of the damage has come via the drop in the British pound, which has shed more than 10 percent of its value against the dollar since the referendum.The fall in the pound amounts to the market’s expression that trade has been obstructed. Britain sells nearly half of its exports within the European Union.Given that Britain imports more than it exports, the falling currency has pushed up prices on a broad range of goods, from fruits and vegetables to machinery. Inflation was the primary factor in median household income’s remaining flat last year, according to an analysis by the Institute for Fiscal Studies, an independent research firm in London.Across Britain, business investment is expected to decline by 1 percent this year, in what would be the weakest performance since the global financial crisis a decade ago, according to a recent forecast from the British Chambers of Commerce.The impact will probably fall heavily on areas that need investment the most: manufacturing-dependent communities in the north of England and Wales, where jobs and living standards have declined. Such areas mostly voted to leave Europe, as people blamed globalization and immigration for diminishing opportunities. Now, they stand to suffer even leaner times.“There needs to be a cadre of new businesses being developed in the north of England that operate in high value-added sectors like technology,” said Robert Huggins, a professor of economic geography at Cardiff University in Wales. “But with Brexit and the potential difficulties, these businesses are going to be stifled. They are not going to be able to develop their potential. It’s unbelievable.”If Brexit has produced anything, it is familiarity with events once deemed unbelievable.The European Medicines Agency, the bloc’s regulator for pharmaceuticals, recently abandoned its London headquarters for new offices in Amsterdam, a move prompted entirely by Brexit. Investment in the industry is almost sure to follow.For more than three decades, London has attracted global banks, trading operations, hedge funds, asset managers and sovereign wealth funds from the Middle East and Asia. The city grew into a global center of finance second to none, while the industry has employed more than a million people in Britain.Brexit has put that status in jeopardy by forcing companies that serve European clients from London to move jobs and trading activity to cities like Amsterdam, Dublin and Frankfurt.More than 275 companies are in the process of moving or have already shifted business divisions, employees and legal entities from Britain to the Continent, according to a recent report from New Financial, an independent research institution in London.Banks alone are transferring 800 billion pounds (more than $1 trillion), while asset management and insurance companies are collectively moving £100 billion (about $130 billion). Some 5,000 jobs have left because of Brexit, and the trend is expected to expand as trading volumes shift and local regulators demand people on the ground who can be held accountable when trouble inevitably emerges.Britain’s departure from the European market would end the so-called passporting rights that have allowed financial services companies to conduct transactions across the bloc as if it were one sprawling country. Financiers recognized early that they could not merely wait and hope that the politicians would find a way to protect their industry.By the end of 2017, the industry was warning the British government that, unless a deal was completed soon, many companies would proceed with plans to move parts of their operations to the Continent. By the middle of last year, with no deal in sight, those plans became reality.Given the money and complexities involved in these moves, few expect jobs to return, regardless of how Brexit ends. Bank of America has spent nearly $400 million to prepare for Brexit, most of it on creating a hub in Dublin.London will remain a dominant center of finance. But as banking and trading shift marginally toward the Continent, so will legal and accounting services.The mere act of preparing for Brexit has forced companies to reassess the merits of concentrating so much business in Britain. Banks that have moved accountants to the English city of Birmingham to escape exorbitantly priced London offices may be tempted by greater savings through hiring professionals in Poland.“Once you start looking at your business model in Europe, you can never unsee what you’ve seen,” said William Wright, founder and managing director of New Financial. “Does it really make sense to have 95 percent of your European staff in the center of some of the most expensive real estate on earth?”Even if the politicians strike a deal for a smooth divorce, or shock the world by calling the whole thing off, the harm done to Britain’s aura as a haven for sensible governance is likely to endure.“The whole Brexit process, from the referendum itself to the way in which the government has responded since, has very significantly damaged the reputation of the U.K. as a pragmatic and sensible place to do business,” Mr. Wright said. “That’s gone. It could take a very long time to come back.”(Reuters) - KPMG is planning an overhaul of its British business to create an independent audit firm, regardless of any decision by the competition regulator to force a break-up of the Big Four accounting firms, The Times reported on Monday. KPMG's audit practice has 200 partners and about 5,000 staff, who could move to a standalone entity or to a subsidiary of KPMG if the plans go ahead, the newspaper said. KPMG was not immediately available for a comment. Parliament's business committee last week urged the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) to force EY, KPMG, Deloitte and PwC to separate audit and consultancy services to improve standards and transparency in book-keeping after audit failures at construction company Carillion and retailer BHS.EY, KPMG, Deloitte and PwC have sought to head off being split up by voluntarily agreeing not to offer consultancy services to audit clients.The government is expected to propose legislation to implement the audit shake-up once the CMA has published its final recommendations on the subject in coming weeks. (Reporting by Rama Venkat in Bengaluru; Editing by Sonya Hepinstall)___Southwest doesn't plan to use Boeing Max jets until AugustDALLAS (AP) — Southwest is removing flights with the troubled Boeing 737 Max aircraft from its schedule through Aug. 5, a period that includes the peak of the airline's busy summer travel season. A travel analyst says that the grounding of the Max could mean slightly higher fares, although airlines that don't own the troubled jet could counter with discounts. Regulators around the world grounded the plane in March after two deadly international crashes.___Chevron vaults into new league on $33B Anadarko acquisitionChevron is buying Anadarko Petroleum for $33 billion, energizing its oil and gas drilling capabilities in Texas and the Gulf of Mexico while vaulting itself into a new league. The combined company will remain far behind Exxon Mobil Corp. and Royal Dutch Shell Plc. in market capitalization, but Chevron will jump from being the world's fourth biggest energy producer, to second. The cash-and-stock deal announced Friday comes as U.S. crude prices have shot up 40% this year.___As cashless stores grow, so does the backlashNEW YORK (AP) — A small number of restaurants and stores are going cash-free, catering to customers who increasingly pay with a card or smartphone. But a backlash is growing from activists and liberal policymakers who say the practice discriminates against those who don't have bank accounts or rely on cash for most transactions. Earlier this year, Philadelphia became the first city to ban cashless stores. New Jersey passed a statewide ban soon after, and a similar ban has been proposed for New York City.___Leading finance officials acknowledge global slowdownWASHINGTON (AP) — Finance officials from the world's major powers are acknowledging that the global economy is in a slowdown. But they forecast that growth will pick up by the second half of this year, thanks to interest-rate policies from the Federal Reserve and other central banks. Officials of the Group of 20 major economies say growth slowed at the end of last year and the beginning of this year due to factors such as turbulent financial markets and heightened tension over trade and interest rates.___Trump says America must win race to build 5GWASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says the race to build 5G is one America must win. Trump said Friday at the White House that building high-speed networks across the United States will transform the way Americans work, learn, communicate and travel. 5G will mean faster wireless speeds and has implications for technologies like self-driving cars and augmented reality. The rollout started last week in the U.S. and South Korea but will take years.___China exports rise in March, rebounding from slumpBEIJING (AP) — China's exports rebounded from a down turn in March and rose 14.2% over a year ago, while an import slump deepened. Exports to the United States also grew strongly despite President Donald Trump's tariff hikes, while imports of American goods plunged. The trade slump has added to pressure on Chinese leaders to make peace in a tariff war with Washington over Beijing's technology ambitions.___Fisher-Price recalls sleepers after more than 30 babies diedNEW YORK (AP) — Fisher-Price is recalling nearly 5 million infant sleepers after more than 30 babies rolled over in them and died since the product was introduced in 2009. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission says than anyone who bought any model of the Fisher-Price Rock 'n Play sleeper should stop using it right away and contact Fisher-Price for a refund. The recall covers about 4.7 million of the sleepers, which cost between $40 and $149.___Amazon: Woody Allen's #MeToo comments wrecked movie dealNEW YORK (AP) — An Amazon lawyer says Woody Allen breached his four-movie deal with the online giant by making statements about the #MeToo movement that damaged prospects for promoting his films. Attorney Robert Klieger told a Manhattan federal judge Friday that the company protected itself after Allen made comments that at a minimum were insensitive.___Fisher-Price recalls sleepers after more than 30 babies diedNEW YORK (AP) — Fisher-Price is recalling nearly 5 million infant sleepers after more than 30 babies rolled over in them and died since the product was introduced in 2009. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission says than anyone who bought any model of the Fisher-Price Rock 'n Play sleeper should stop using it right away and contact Fisher-Price for a refund. The recall covers about 4.7 million of the sleepers, which cost between $40 and $149.___NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks notched solid gains on Wall Street Friday, erasing most of the losses the market sustained after an uneven week of trading. The strong finish gave the S&P 500 its third straight weekly gain. The benchmark index is now just under 1% from its most recent all-time high set on September 20. Banks led the gains after a solid quarterly profit report from JPMorgan Chase opened the latest round of highly anticipated company earnings.___The S&P 500 index rose 19.09 points, or 0.7%, to 2,907.41. The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 269.25 points, or 1%, to 26,412.30.The Nasdaq composite gained 36.80 points, or 0.5%, to 7,984.16. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 5.66 points, or 0.4%, to 1,584.80.___Huffman, 12 other parents to plead guilty in college schemeBOSTON (AP) — Actress Felicity Huffman has agreed to plead guilty in the college admissions cheating scandal. Court documents made public Monday show Huffman and 12 other prominent parents will plead guilty in the scheme. Huffman was accused of paying $15,000 to have a proctor boost her older daughter's SAT score. Huffman was among 50 people charged in what authorities have described as the biggest college admissions scam ever prosecuted by the U.S. Justice Department.___S&P 500 ekes out gain, enough to extend winning streakNEW YORK (AP) — The S&P 500 eked out a small gain after a late push in the final half hour of trading, enough to prolong its longest winning streak in a year and a half, at eight days, but the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended lower due to another big loss for Boeing. Most stock movements were modest, and the S&P 500 was nearly evenly split between winners and losers as investors looked ahead to a busy week for markets with updates scheduled for corporate earnings, the U.S. economy and global trade.___Facebook, Google face widening crackdown over online contentLONDON (AP) — Social media giants like Facebook and Google are coming under increasing pressure in Europe, where countries are proposing stricter rules to force them to block extreme material such as terrorist propaganda and child porn. Britain on Monday called for a first-of-its-kind watchdog for social media that could fine executives and even ban companies. And a European Union parliamentary committee approved a bill giving internet companies an hour to take down terror-related material or face fines.___Theresa May woos UK opponents and EU leaders over BrexitLONDON (AP) — Prime Minister Theresa May is wooing domestic political opponents and European leaders as she seeks to break Britain's Brexit impasse and secure a delay to the country's departure from the European Union. May's Conservative government and the main opposition Labour Party are clinging to hope of finding a compromise Brexit deal, two days before EU leaders decide whether to grant an extension to the U.K.'s departure.___Big Tech feels the heat as US moves to protect consumer dataWASHINGTON (AP) — Momentum is gaining in Washington for a privacy law that could sharply rein in the ability of the largest technology companies to collect and distribute people's personal data. A national law, the first of its kind in the U.S., could allow people to see or prohibit the use of their data. Companies would need permission to release a consumer's private information.___Pinterest sets conservative pricing after Lyft dropNEW YORK (AP) — Pinterest wants to raise about $1.5 billion in its initial public offering of shares. Pinterest, among the gaggle of tech companies hoping to go public this year, set a conservative price range Monday for its initial public offering. That, at the higher end, could put the value of the company at around $9 billion. But it falls below the estimated $12 billion value from earlier sales of shares to private investors, according to reports two years ago.___Putin hosts Turkey's leader to discuss weapons deal, SyriaMOSCOW (AP) — Russian President Vladimir Putin is hosting his Turkish counterpart, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, in Moscow for talks focusing on the situation in Syria, the sale of advanced Russian missiles to Turkey and other economic deals. Erdogan's visit to Russia, his third since the year's start, underlined increasingly close ties between the two countries. It also reflected Turkey's readiness to defy Washington's demand to spike a deal for Turkey to purchase Russia's S-400 air defense missile systems.___Nissan shareholders OK ouster of ex-chair Ghosn from boardTOKYO (AP) — Nissan's shareholders have ousted the automaker's former chairman Carlos Ghosn from its board. The decision Monday moves the company one step closer to shutting the door on an era capped by scandal. More than 4,000 people gathered at a Tokyo hotel for a three-hour extraordinary shareholders' meeting and signaled their approval for dismissing Ghosn with applause. They also approved the appointment of French alliance partner Renault SA's Chairman Jean-Dominique Senard to replace Ghosn.___Fed puts forward proposals to modify bank regulationsWASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve is putting forward two proposals to modify regulations put in place after the 2008 financial crisis that the banking industry complained were too restrictive. The proposed regulatory changes were approved on a 4-1 vote with Fed board member Lael Brainard opposing the changes.___Ford workers in Russia protest planned closureST. PETERSBURG, Russia (AP) — Ford workers in Russia have started work-to-rule action over plans to close a plant. Mikhail Sergeyev, head of a trade union which represents around a third of the St. Petersburg plant's 900-strong workforce, has told The Associated Press the work-to-rule will continue until Ford negotiates, and it's already causing disruption.___The S&P 500 rose 3.03 points, or 0.1%, to 2,895.77. The Dow slipped 83.97, or 0.3%, to 26,341.02. The Nasdaq gained 15.19, or 0.2%, to 7,953.88. The Russell 2000 index of small-cap stocks fell 3.55, or 0.2%, to 1,579.00.Small businesses may be able to receive a big tax break this year, thanks to the new rules. They also may face a big headache: figuring out whether the tax break applies to them.The problem is that a centerpiece of the legislation is a write-off for “qualified business income,” but it’s unclear whether certain activities count. That is sowing confusion as the April deadline for filing the first returns under the law approaches.“Parts of the law were not well thought out,” said Lisa Goldman, a partner in the international tax practice of the accountancy Berdon L.L.P. Congress was in a rush to enact the law before the end of 2017 and was more concerned, she said, with big businesses than small: “I’m not surprised it’s convoluted.”While the Internal Revenue Service issued additional clarifications in January, much of the uncertainty continues, often focused on a 20 percent deduction for qualified business income.It is available for many sole proprietorships, partnerships and pass-through entities, such as S corporations. Most small businesses are formed under one of these structures, and most are eligible for the deduction. But not all of them are.First, the relatively simple part: Businesses generally can receive the full deduction if their owners are married and file jointly and their taxable income does not exceed $315,000, or half that amount for single filers. More than 90 percent of pass-through entities qualify for the deduction, said Mark Jaeger, director for tax development at TaxAct, a provider of tax filing software.“If you’re a typical business owner, your net profit on Schedule C is going to be qualified business income,” he said. Schedule C of Form 1040 is where individuals report business income.“Don’t even worry about it if your income is under those amounts,” Mr. Jaeger said. And a partial deduction is available on incomes up to $415,000 for people who file jointly, or $207,500 for single filers.The complications are mind-numbingBut it’s not just qualified business income that’s used to figure eligibility for the deduction; it’s also total taxable income. So if you make $250,000 in your business and your spouse makes $200,000 in a salaried job, the total income on your return is $450,000. In that case, you could lose the qualified business income deduction.Not necessarily, though.If you pay wages to employees, including yourself, you could be eligible to take a qualified business income deduction equal to 50 percent of those wages, even if your income exceeds the threshold. In any case, the deduction cannot be more than 20 percent of qualified business income.If your head isn’t spinning yet, there is more: An alternative calculation allows real estate firms to claim a qualified business income deduction of 25 percent of wages and 2.5 percent of the amount invested in property. But that’s only available if the I.R.S. deems the enterprise an eligible business. The agency last month ruled that renting out property is a business for which the deduction applies, and is not just a passive investment, under certain circumstances. Separate books and bank accounts must be kept and 250 hours a year must be devoted to active management, the agency said.There’s still more fine print. The deduction is out of bounds to anyone who has income above the threshold and runs what the law calls a “specified service trade or business.” That’s one whose main asset is the owners’ reputation and skill.The law lists several examples, including health, law, financial services, entertainment and consulting. Those businesses don’t qualify for the deduction. But for some reason, architecture and engineering do. In the batch of rules released last month, the I.R.S. acknowledged that some activities can go either way, such as the operation of a pharmacy. The question for pharmacies is whether owners are regarded as dispensing health care. The I.R.S. said it depended on the circumstances.‘Interesting anomalies’Ian Shane, a partner at the law firm Michelman & Robinson, said: “As these final regulations are put into effect by tax practitioners, I am confident that there will still be a substantial number of gray areas where it comes down to anybody’s guess as to whether the activity or type of business will qualify for the deduction in the eyes of the I.R.S.”Mr. Shane highlighted some “interesting anomalies.” One is whether a business engages in consulting, which disqualifies it for the deduction. Providing training courses or related services qualifies for the deduction, but providing advice and counsel — which can be part of training — constitutes consulting, in the agency’s view. What a business puts on its invoices and how it has represented itself over the years will go a long way to determining how it’s regarded, he said.For an entrepreneur like Paige Cornetet, the distinction might amount to considerable money. Her business, Millennial Guru, which she started a year and a half ago in Grand Rapids, Mich., provides workshops and one-on-one training to help companies manage younger employees better. She runs Millennial Guru as a sole proprietor.Ms. Cornetet’s adviser, Greg Rosica, a partner in Ernst & Young’s private client services practice, said Millennial Guru is clearly an education business, adding that he is not worried that the I.R.S. will view it as a consultancy. In other words, he says, the business should be eligible for the deduction.Ms. Cornetet said the various breaks in the tax bill have saved her enough to pay for a full-time assistant, allowing her “to have fewer things on my plate, focus on what I’m good at and stay in my lane.”Mr. Shane encourages entrepreneurs to use a tax professional to help accomplish those same objectives and to navigate the law generally.“There are so many questions you don’t know how to answer, especially about what’s a qualified trade or business,” he said. “Go to an accountant. You don’t want something disallowed because you didn’t do one little thing.”NEW YORK — Samantha Martin does most of the annual hiring for her public relations firm in the first quarter. But not this year — clients worried about a slowing economy are cutting their budgets, and Martin has in turn scaled back her own plans."Our clients are having trouble getting funding and therefore public relations and marketing are the first to get cut," says Martin, owner of New York-based Media Maison.If Martin's firm has more work than her current staff can handle, she'll hire freelancers who work by the hour. Hiring on a project-by-project basis removes the potential of having to lay anyone off.Small business owners who are uneasy as they see signs of a weakening economy have cut back on hiring in recent months and found ways to get work done without adding employees. The latest evidence of a hiring slowdown came last week, when payroll provider ADP said its small business customers created just 6,000 jobs in March. February's tally of 19,000 new jobs was also weak and down sharply from January's 98,000; ADP's small business numbers also fluctuated throughout 2018. The report, as well as the most recent jobs report from the Labor Department, clearly shows that small business hiring has lagged behind job creation at larger companies.Small business owners, especially those who learned hard lessons from the Great Recession about overstaffing, are playing it safe. While a Capital One survey also released last week showed that 29% of 500 small business owners planned to hire in the next six months, that was down from 33% in a survey six months earlier. Of the owners who don't plan to hire, nearly 30% said the economy is making them too nervous to spend more on staffing. The Capital One survey was in line with other surveys taken during the first quarter.The economy is widely expected to slow this year, starting with the recently ended first quarter. Economists surveyed by financial information provider FactSet estimate that gross domestic product grew at an annual rate of 1.6% from January through March, down from 2.9% in all of 2018.TruePublic's last four hires were part-timers. CEO Kaben Clauson had planned on taking on full-time staffers, but partly because of the economy decided against the added risk."We could hire those people full time now — we have the money to do so — but it would give us only six months of a cash cushion," says Kaben, whose Chicago-based company conducts online surveys. "We'd feel more comfortable with a year's cushion."Clauson's concern is linked to the hesitancy he sees in investors who start hunkering down because of stock market volatility or signs of economic weakness."My company is raising another $2 million and we're looking for investors," Kaben says. "Who's knows what happens with the economy going forward?"Before the recession, the philosophy at many companies was to hire in anticipation of higher revenue. Now, the approach is to put off hiring until rising revenue justifies taking on the added expense and risk. Many owners like Martin hire independent contractors, or freelancers, if there's more work than their regular employees can handle."They have a much finer gauge on how to accomplish what they need to without layering in a lot of expense," says Steve Spinelli, the incoming president of Babson College and an entrepreneur himself.Owners have also adopted technology that helps them get their work done, so there is less pressure on their companies to hire, Spinelli says."You have a healthier small business community, a more nimble small business community and one that's more forward looking," Spinelli says.After Greg Henson's technology services company was forced to lay off half its staff during the Great Recession, he restructured the business so approximately 50% of The Henson Group's workers are freelancers. He has the flexibility of calling them in for projects as needed, and doesn't have fears of another mass layoff.Henson is also concerned about the economy, and has contracted with another company to handle some of his sales work."We have frozen hiring until we know what's happening," he says.Some owners aren't as worried about the economy, but have other reasons to be concerned about their finances and are therefore cautious about hiring. For example, their overhead is going up and they don't want to add to those increasing costs — expenses that can make them more vulnerable to the vagaries of the economy.The rising minimum wage has Sean Pour holding off hiring 10 new staffers for his company, SellMax, which has more than 30 workers earning the $12 minimum that a San Diego city ordinance requires. The minimum, which rose 50 cents on Jan. 1, will rise each year along with inflation.The minimum-wage staffers at SellMax work in the car buying company's call center. Pour supplements their pay with performance bonuses, but worries that rising wages will limit his ability to pay the extra money."Quite frankly, this scares us and we are afraid we won't be able to keep the new hires that we employ," Pour says. So SellMax, which already uses automation to answer some calls, may need to increase its dependence on technology if it can't afford to hire._____Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg . Her work can be found here: https://apnews.comIf your only goal is to provide the basics of personal finance, writing a good advice book is straightforward.You will need to discuss saving, including how to live below your means — and then probably move on to investing the money you’ve saved. At that point, you explain how to diversify a portfolio with stocks, bonds and cash equivalents, like certificates of deposit. The details may get complicated, but the overall design is simple enough.But if you want to create a more complex personal finance book, things are likely to get challenging in a hurry, because you must accomplish three essentials.First, you need to find a new take on those bare-bones basics. Then, to hook readers, you need to come up with an intriguing angle. Finally, you need to show readers how they will benefit from putting your novel approach to work.Allison Schrager has clearly written a book of the complex kind: “An Economist Walks Into a Brothel: And Other Unexpected Places to Understand Risk” (Portfolio/Penguin, $27). She accomplishes two of the three tasks I’ve outlined, and does so quite nicely.Unfortunately, she falls short in the important news-you-can-use category. And that’s too bad, because, as her title suggests, she has a provocative approach, and she has an interesting take on investing as well.A columnist at Quartz, the news website, Ms. Schrager was trained as an economist. She teaches Strategic Risk Taking at New York University, and her book emphasizes the importance of getting a good handle on investment risk which, she says, many of us do not really understand.In her account, risk assessment involves analyzing the probability of “everything that might happen — both good and bad.”“We are often taught to think of decisions in terms of, ‘If I do X, then I’ll get Y,’” she says, “but in reality, any time we can make a decision, a range of Y’s could happen, from a superior Y to a terrible outcome.”We can’t guarantee positive outcomes, she says, but, “We can increase the odds that things will work out.”How so?Start by defining your goal, she says. Then ask, “How can you achieve your goal with no risk at all, or as little risk as possible?”For example, let’s say you want to figure out how much money you need for retirement. If you use her framework, she suggests you may discover that traditional approaches are riskier than you might have thought.One such approach is to invest as much as you can, and, once you retire, draw out a fixed amount annually. A common rule of thumb is to withdraw 4 percent of your portfolio each year. But if you follow that rule strictly, the dollar amount of that annual 4 percent withdrawal will vary, depending on the performance of your portfolio.“That’s where the strategy goes wrong,” she says. “A predictable salary, like the one you earned when you were working, should be the goal of your retirement fund. Most workers wouldn’t accept a salary that varies with stock prices — why should retirees?”You can gain certainty by buying a fixed annuity. That requires you to hand over some, or all, of your money to an investment firm in exchange for guaranteed payouts.All of this is worth thinking about, but if you want to know what you should do, there is no answer here. The problem, in this case, is that Ms. Schrager doesn’t make a recommendation to buy annuities, nor does she come out against them. That kind of fuzziness, when it comes to practical recommendations, is a flaw in the book.Telling people how to think about risk, in general, is fine. Specific ideas for how to invest with the best performance for the least amount of risk would have been better.Risk at workStill, Ms. Schrager tells many entertaining stories about how people in various professions as diverse as horse breeding and the military go about trying to reduce risk. I particularly enjoyed one about paparazzi: They form pools to share their pictures with other photographers to make sure they are not shut out when staking out celebrities. And I also liked the one about the poker champion who increases his chances of winning by playing far more conservatively than the typical recreational player.Both of those stories support her subtitle, about going to unexpected places to understand risk.But how is a reader supposed to benefit from these forays? I could infer from the paparazzi story that I should pool my investments by buying mutual funds as opposed to individual equities. My lesson from the poker champion could be to temper my expectations — you can’t win every pot — and also to keep my emotions in check.But why should I have to work hard to come to conclusions like these, without ever being certain that they are the ones she intended? It would have been helpful if Ms. Schrager had connected the dots.That said, the book fulfills its promise. Ms. Schrager did indeed walk into a brothel; several, actually, in Nevada. The point of that exercise was to understand how prostitutes can reduce the risk that comes with their job.The solution for those she interviewed involved working in legal establishments, where management took half of the women’s revenue in exchange for greater security.The women didn’t have to worry about undercover police officers, for example, because in legal brothels, they weren’t violating any laws. And they reduced the danger from nasty, violent customers because there were panic buttons in every room, with guards stationed nearby. And if the women needed protection getting home, the guards would escort them.There were trade-offs, in other words, that made an occupation that was less than ideal a little bit better.Is investing like prostitution? Other than the risk involved in both cases, I’m not sure. But her discussion did make the risk reduction in investing seem prudent, as well as minimal and inexpensive.LONDON — Reckitt Benckiser Group on Wednesday sought to play down any potential impact to its infant formula business from U.S. litigation against Indivior, which it used to own, saying the risk was theoretical and unlikely. The U.S. Justice Department has accused British drugmaker Indivior of illegally boosting prescriptions for its blockbuster opioid addiction treatment."As stated in our annual report, this is a theoretical risk but we consider this to be highly unlikely and only a remote possibility," the company said, responding to a question about whether the risk for Reckitt could extend to the infant formula business, which Reckitt bought in 2017.  (Reporting by Martinne Geller; Editing by Keith Weir)TOKYO — Toshiba Corp shares fell more than 5 percent on Friday after an agreement to offload its U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) business collapsed, a blow for the Japanese conglomerate which has been shedding assets to turn around its business.Toshiba said late on Thursday that China's ENN Ecological Holdings Co had scrapped an agreement to take over the LNG business due to a failure to get approvals from shareholders and a U.S. panel that monitors foreign investments.Toshiba shares fell as much as 5.4 percent to 3,485 yen and ended morning trade at 3,555 yen. The broader market was up by about 0.6 percent.Toshiba must now look for a new buyer for the business that it previously said may cause losses of as much as 1 trillion yen ($9 billion).Spot LNG prices are trading at about half the level they were when Toshiba agreed to pay ENN more than $800 million to take over its U.S. operations.A failure to find a buyer could derail Toshiba's recovery from the fallout of the bankruptcy of its U.S. nuclear power unit Westinghouse, analysts have said."The challenge in obtaining U.S. approvals provided an opportunity for ENN to walk away from a deal that will be out of the money in the near term following a collapse in LNG spot prices," said Saul Kavonic, head of energy research for Australia at Credit Suisse. "At current LNG spot prices, it will be a challenge to bring U.S. LNG volumes into Asia on a cash cost basis, let alone factoring in an additional processing tariff," he said.Toshiba stunned the market in 2013, when it decided to enter the LNG business. With no experience in shipping or the logistics of the gas and LNG business it seemed an odd fit, analysts said at the time.Toshiba's plan was to pitch LNG supplies as a sweetener to potential Asian buyers of its turbines used in combined cycle gas-fired power plants.The company signed up to take 2.2 million tonnes of LNG annually from the Freeport LNG export plant in Texas, construction of which is almost complete. The arrangement requires Toshiba to pay a processing fee for the LNG, regardless of whether it takes the fuel.The company has been trying to sell the business since at least 2015. ($1 = 111.66 yen) (Reporting by Aaron Sheldrick; Editing by Stephen Coates)TOKYO — Toshiba Corp shares fell by the most in two months on Friday after an agreement to offload its U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) business collapsed, a blow for the Japanese company which has been shedding assets to turn around its business.Toshiba said late on Thursday that China's ENN Ecological Holdings Co had scrapped an agreement to take over the LNG business due to a failure to get approvals from shareholders and a U.S. panel that monitors foreign investments.Toshiba shares fell as much as 5.4 percent before closing down 2.7 percent, the biggest drop since Feb. 12. The broader market gained 0.7 percent.Toshiba must now look for a new buyer for the business that it previously said may cause losses of as much as 1 trillion yen ($9 billion).Spot LNG prices are trading at about half the level they were when Toshiba agreed to pay ENN more than $800 million to take over its U.S. operations.A failure to find a buyer could derail Toshiba's recovery from the fallout of the bankruptcy of its U.S. nuclear power unit Westinghouse, analysts have said."The challenge in obtaining U.S. approvals provided an opportunity for ENN to walk away from a deal that will be out of the money in the near term following a collapse in LNG spot prices," said Saul Kavonic, head of energy research for Australia at Credit Suisse. "At current LNG spot prices, it will be a challenge to bring U.S. LNG volumes into Asia on a cash cost basis, let alone factoring in an additional processing tariff," he said.(Graphic: Asian spot LNG price - https://tmsnrt.rs/2X2j9Dm)Toshiba stunned the market in 2013, when it decided to enter the LNG business. With no experience in shipping or the logistics of the gas and LNG business it seemed an odd fit, analysts said at the time.Toshiba's plan was to pitch LNG supplies as a sweetener to potential Asian buyers of its turbines used in combined cycle gas-fired power plants.The company signed up to take 2.2 million tonnes of LNG annually from the Freeport LNG export plant in Texas, construction of which is almost complete. The arrangement requires Toshiba to pay a processing fee for the LNG, regardless of whether it takes the fuel.The company has been trying to sell the business since at least 2015. "Toshiba has around a year to find a new buyer or be faced with the prospect of paying for capacity that they aren't using," said Nicholas Browne, gas and LNG director at consultancy Wood Mackenzie in Singapore."Finding a buyer in this timeframe could be pretty difficult," he said. ($1 = 111.66 yen) (Reporting by Aaron Sheldrick; Editing by Stephen Coates)For nearly a year after rain stopped falling on Puerto Rico, the island was without full power. For months, thousands of businesses closed and did not reopen. And for nearly as long, internet was scarce. So when Emmanuel Oquendo and Israel Figueroa Fontánez found connectivity along a central strip in San Juan known as the Milla de Oro (the Golden Mile), they plopped down on the sidewalk, opened their laptops, and worked from the street.“It was during Hurricane Maria that we found a purpose,” Mr. Oquendo said.Mr. Oquendo and Mr. Figueroa had been trying to start a company, BrainHi, that automated communication with doctors’ offices. If a human receptionist did not pick up the phone, BrainHi’s artificial intelligence chatbot would step in to answer questions, helping the offices that were severely understaffed after the hurricane.Now, one and a half years later, BrainHi has clients around the world. The 15-person team has recently moved to a new office on the Milla de Oro. From his window, Mr. Oquendo can see the place on the sidewalk where he worked on his laptop after the storm.BrainHi got its start as one of the companies in a start-up accelerator program in San Juan organized by Parallel18. For a little over three years, Parallel18 has worked with 168 tech-based start-ups, each of which receive $40,000 in equity-free funding, co-working space and coaching. Parallel18 also started a pre-accelerator program after Hurricane Maria to foster local start-ups in earlier stages of development.Even before Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico had been in a public debt crisis. An exemption in the United States tax code had given mainland companies tax breaks on income earned in Puerto Rico. But that exemption had expired, large corporations had been moving their factories off the island and, for that and  other reasons, like the inability to declare bankruptcy the way full states could, the economy fell into a long recession from which it has yet to recover.The hope is that by investing in entrepreneurs like Mr. Oquendo and Mr. Figueroa, Puerto Rico’s economy will be able to withstand exogenous shocks like changes to the tax code, predatory investments or future natural disasters. As the start-up ecosystem grows, the entrepreneurs in the center of it are trying to power a new wave of locally owned businesses that are resilient enough to weather future turmoil.The numbers show that these entrepreneurship initiatives may be working. According to a University of Puerto Rico study, in March 2018, businesses in Puerto Rico started opening at faster rates than they were closing. The rebounding of businesses across the island was not universal, and many have not recovered. But the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor, a data set on entrepreneurship that is used by the United Nations and the World Economic Forum, published data showing that, from 2017 to 2018, entrepreneurial activity in Puerto Rico was on the rise.Denisse Rodríguez Colón, the executive director of Colmena66, a resource hub for people trying to start businesses in Puerto Rico, was surprised by the immediate uptick in entrepreneurial activity after Hurricane Maria. Ms. Rodríguez thought that she would be out of a job after the hurricane. Instead, Colmena66’s hotline started ringing constantly.“People were saying, ‘I’ve lost everything, so that idea I’ve had for three years, I’m not afraid anymore. I need to build this business because I’m out of a job,’” Ms. Rodríguez said.Colmena66 and Parallel18 have offices next door to each other, and both receive funding from the nonprofit Puerto Rico Science, Technology & Research Trust. The two organizations have different missions, but they work together closely to create a pipeline of support for new business owners.The number of applicants to Parallel18’s incubator program are the highest they’ve ever been, the group says. Last year’s cohorts of start-ups almost doubled their revenue generated from the year before. Marie Custodio, outreach manager at Parallel18, attributes some of the increased start-up activities to a change in attitudes after the hurricane.“It was an awakening,” she said. “Before the hurricane, people thought that having a corporate job or being an employee was safe. But after the hurricane, nothing was safe or secure.”Manufacturing Social ChangeNine miles south of Parallel18, in the Caimito district of San Juan, sits a small yellow factory surrounded by palm trees. Inside there are two sewing machines, a blanket stitch machine, some hand sewing workstations and to-do lists on the wall. These are the manufacturing headquarters for the footwear start-up Isleñas.Karla López Rivera, the founder of Isleñas, moved back to Puerto Rico in April 2018 to join Parallel18’s pre-accelerator program. Born and raised in Puerto Rico, Ms. López had been living and working as a footwear designer in New York City.“Maria really pushed the decision for me to move back,” she said. “I’d been away for 14 years. I had those feelings of urgency to come back and help.”The company has three employees working in its factory in Puerto Rico, where it manufactures four styles of espadrilles. By June, its team will have expanded to six people. These employees are a big reason that Ms. López wanted to start a company.“We’re committed to social change through manufacturing,” Ms. López said. She is becoming partners with another female-founded start-up, Retazo, to provide employment for skilled seamstresses who lost their jobs when large garment factories in Puerto Rico closed in the 1980s and 1990s.A Homecoming for EngineersA few weeks ago, BrainHi hosted a día familiar, or family day, for the company. Seeing his co-workers surrounded by their families was a heart-touching moment for Mr. Oquendo, who is chief executive of BrainHi. Five of his employees left jobs at Silicon Valley technology companies, including Airbnb and Lyft, to move back to Puerto Rico and work at BrainHi.“They were reunited with their families,” Mr. Oquendo said. “It gave validation to the importance of helping people come back home and be with their families, boyfriends, girlfriends, and loved ones.”Creating well-paying jobs that entice young, skilled employees to stay in Puerto Rico has been a constant struggle for the island’s economy. Over the past 10 years, Puerto Rico has lost 10 percent of its population as workers leave the island in search of better job opportunities elsewhere. Since Hurricane Maria, another 130,000 people, or 4 percent of the population, have left.Mr. Oquendo and his co-founder Mr. Figueroa, who is BrainHi’s chief technology officer, met when they were engineering students at the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez, on the west coast.But when Mr. Oquendo graduated, he was one of very few of his classmates who stayed in Puerto Rico. “Basically, all of my friends have left the island one year after they graduated,” he said, citing better job opportunities in the mainland United States.But Mr. Oquendo is trying to do his part to reverse the tide of out-migration by creating jobs and hiring back some of the engineers who left. And he’s not alone.One of the companies to graduate recently from Parallel18’s accelerator program, Libros787, moved into offices next door to Parallel18’s. While Libros787 has not moved far from Parallel18’s tight-knit community of start-ups, the company’s founders have made a business of selling Puerto Rican books to the far-flung diaspora.“We wanted to create a bridge to people living outside Puerto Rico, in the U.S. and around the world,” said Carlos Goyco Blechman, co-founder and chief executive of Libros787.Libros787 sells Puerto Rican books for about half the price of its competitors, like Amazon. Mr. Goyco is able to sell these books so cheaply because he sells directly from publishing houses in Puerto Rico. According to Mr. Goyco, partnering with publishing houses became easier after Hurricane Maria.“People were very willing to help us,” Mr. Goyco said. “It wouldn’t have been that easy to collaborate with other companies without the hurricane.”Mr. Goyco got the idea to start Libros787 when Hurricane Maria cost him what he called a good corporate job. He had been working in book distribution for large multinational companies in Puerto Rico, like Walmart and Walgreens. When Hurricane Maria hit, many of these stores never reopened.Two months later, with support from Parallel18, Mr. Goyco had Libros787’s website running. Today, he said, the company processes from 400 to 600 orders each month and continues to grow steadily.The Parallel18 staff is also looking to grow the successes of their program beyond Puerto Rico.“What happened with Puerto Rico, it didn’t happen in only Puerto Rico, but the whole Caribbean,” Ms. Custodio said, referring to the damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria.She hopes that by building a start-up ecosystem across the Caribbean, they will be better prepared to deploy regional solutions in response to future hurricanes. Together with Facebook, Parallel18 is making plans to begin Startup Hub Caribbean, which will be the first accelerator that Facebook has set up in the Caribbean.Ms. Rodríguez also sees tech start-ups, which are adept at aggregating resources across supply chains, as key players in strengthening Puerto Rico’s self-sufficiency.“In Puerto Rico, we imported 85 percent of everything we consumed. After the hurricane, that percentage went up to 95 percent because we lost all our crops. That puts us in a very vulnerable position as a community,” she said. “Our food chain in P.R. is so segmented and fragmented that that doesn’t happen naturally unless we have entrepreneurs coming in.”Ms. Custodio has already seen proof of how this can work. Every week, she gets local Puerto Rican produce delivered to her doorstep, courtesy of PRoduce! Home Box, a food delivery start-up that graduated from Parallel18’s latest cohort.The start-ups coming out of Parallel18 have also captured the attention of the federal Small Business Administration. After meeting the founders of Cleancult, a former Parallel18 start-up that makes green cleaners, Linda McMahon, the agency’s administrator, organized a stop in San Juan for the S.B.A. Innovation Research tour in November 2019.“We’ve worked from sidewalks, we’ve done so many things,” Mr. Oquendo said. “I think as a company we’re super resilient. There’s nothing that is going to stop us.”PARIS — French food group Danone said on Friday it had signed a definitive agreement for the sale of Earthbound Farms, its U.S. organic salad business, to California-based Taylor Farms.Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.The sale of Earthbound Farms, which had 2018 sales of about $400 million, is part of Danone's portfolio management and capital allocation optimization strategy, the company statement said.Danone Chief Executive Emmanuel Faber said in February the loss-making Earthbound Farms was under "intense strategic scrutiny". (Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by Rashmi Aich)Before the New Work Summit last week, The New York Times asked leaders who were participating in the conference to answer their choice of questions about technology. Their responses have been edited and condensed.What is the single most important step the tech community can take to instill trust in artificial intelligence?Ashton B. CarterDirector, Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, Harvard Kennedy School; 25th secretary of defenseIn 2013, when I was the D.O.D.’s No. 2 official, I issued a policy directive on autonomous weapons that is still in force. The U.S. takes its values to the battlefield, and the directive says that a human must be involved in and responsible for decisions aided by A.I. to employ lethal weapons. The same moral compass should govern commercial applications of A.I., such as credit ratings, prison sentencing and privacy. Accountability requires transparency. After a lifetime in technology development, I believe that transparency for the sake of accountability must be a technical design requirement for A.I. algorithms.Rana el KalioubyCo-founder and chief executive, AffectivaToday, A.I. is people-blind. Sure, it can “see” us, but it’s completely unaware of how we’re feeling. And as we interact with technology, all of the nuances and richness of our feelings disappear in cyberspace. That’s a big barrier when it comes to building trust and communication — not only between people and A.I., but with other people, too. How can we trust in technology that strips us of what makes us human?A.I. needs to be able to understand all things human, and truly relate to us, if we’re going to trust it. This is especially important as A.I. takes on new roles in society, and our interactions with A.I. become more relational and personal. But trust is a two-way street. A.I. needs to be able to trust people, too — to be good co-workers, make the right decisions and use the technology ethically. This is only possible if A.I. can understand the emotions and expressions that are core to who we are.Danika LaszukGeneral manager, Betaworks CampThe tech community needs to begin to take the ethics of the technology they create more seriously. For example, growth in A.I. and 5G technologies will begin to create new markets and, likely, entire industries once they are developed further. New web technologies like blockchain have the potential to create a more democratic and safer internet, in which users have more control and accountability is distributed more equitably.The recent rise in synthetic media and augmented reality tools is both exciting and a reason to take a step back. Through digitally created Instagram models like Lil Miquela, the consuming world of Fortnite and the normalization of people communicating regularly with nonhuman tools like Alexa, a synthetic reality has been born in which our human experience is enhanced, augmented and challenged by our interactions with intelligent machines.Tristan Harris Co-founder and executive director, Center for Humane TechnologyThe single most important way to instill trust in A.I.s is to align their business models with the ecology of stakeholders, and by ensuring that they operate through internalizing possible risks and harms into their decision-making. Techno-utopians frequently make the mistake of imagining benevolent A.I.s that mysteriously pop out of labs to solve our problems, while ignoring how the business models of the companies that created them are constrained by bad incentives. If Facebook’s negative impacts over the last year have taught us anything, it’s that we should never underestimate the damage created by misaligned business models. Dov Seidman Founder and chief executive, LRNThe business of business is no longer just business. The business of business is now society. The world is fused, and we can no longer maintain neutrality. Therefore, it is inescapable to take responsibility for what technology enables and how it’s used. Restoring trust will take more than software.We need to scale “moralware” through leadership that is guided by our deepest shared values and ensures that technology lives up to its promise: enhancing our capabilities, enriching lives, truly bringing us together, and making the world more open and equal. This means seeing more than “users” and “clicks” but real people, who are worthy of the truth and can be trusted to make their own informed choices.Meredith WhittakerCo-founder and co-director, AI Now InstituteIt’s hard to trust what you can’t see or validate. A.I. technologies aren’t visible to the vast majority of us, hidden behind corporate secrecy and integrated into back-end processes, obscured from the people they most affect. This, even as A.I. systems are increasingly tasked with socially significant decisions, from who gets hired to who gets bail to which school your child is permitted to attend. We urgently need ways to hold A.I., and those who profit from its development, accountable to the public. This should include external auditing and testing that subjects A.I. companies’ infrastructures and processes to publicly accountable scrutiny and validation.It must also engage local communities, ensuring those most at risk of harm have a say in determining when, how or if such systems are used. While building these cornerstones of trust will require tech community cooperation, the stakes are too high to rely on voluntary participation. Regulation will almost certainly be necessary, as what’s required will necessitate major structural changes to the current “launch, iterate and profit” industry norms.Deep NisharSenior managing partner, SoftBank Vision FundA.I. systems should assist humanity, not threaten it — enabling us to offload cumbersome tasks in favor of more meaningful activity. Intelligent systems are already helping us discover new eco-friendly materials, assisting doctors with care decisions, making factory production lines more efficient and accelerating drug discovery. Our outlook should be one of optimism, not fear.Sara MenkerFounder and chief executive, Gro IntelligenceTrust can only be built if there is transparency and accountability. The tech community needs to come together and create frameworks that allow for transparency while respecting I.P. and the ability for models to learn, evolve and continuously change. Transparency is step one to accountability, and accountability is critical especially in domains such as health, food and education where A.I. can also be transformational.Adena FriedmanPresident and chief executive, NasdaqAs the saying goes, trust is earned, not given. Our experience in the capital markets has demonstrated that transparency is one of the keys to trust. To build trust, those applying A.I. to create new capabilities should consider how much to share — with their clients and other stakeholders — about the inputs used, logic within and ultimate outputs from their machine learning tools. The goal to gain trust should be to demystify the process of creating the new capabilities, not to treat it like a new magic that clients cannot comprehend. My view is that A.I., if provided with transparency, will ultimately allow all industries to leverage the best of humans and machines together to create better, safer and smarter solutions for customers.Reid HoffmanCo-founder and executive chairman, LinkedIn; partner, Greylock PartnersIt’s important to significantly fund research and development on A.I. safety — so that the outcomes from A.I. will have very positive outcomes for humanity and contained risks. A.I. safety will include transparency on algorithms and processes. A.I. safety will include techniques for understanding the justice and fairness of data sets used to build machine learning. And A.I. safety will have a good sense of the parameters of operation of the machines. The industry should work together on A.I. safety, to maximize the outcomes for the world.David LimpSenior vice president, Amazon Devices and Services People are often skeptical of things that are new, and artificial intelligence fits that definition. I am an optimist, though, and history has shown us that new technologies, on balance, have been incredibly good for society measured by productivity, wellness and equality. The most important thing we can do to address this question is to apply A.I. in ways that solve real problems in customers’ lives. Practical, everyday uses of A.I. will help people see it as a tangible, positive force rather than an abstract or ominous thing. As an industry, we should come together to define standards and controls that ensure these algorithms are free from bias, built with privacy in mind and used in a way that puts the customer first.Sebastian ThrunChief executive, Kitty HawkWe need to communicate. The tech industry can develop technology, but it’s all of society that has to find the right use for this technology. Government matters, as do regulators, NGOs, unions and workers. The more openly we talk about this, the better situated we will be to make the right decisions.Who should be responsible for retraining workers displaced by A.I. and other types of automation?Bridget van Kralingen Senior vice president, IBMThe most effective way to bridge the skills divide is through innovative new partnerships between governments, businesses and educators. For example, IBM has changed our paradigm for hiring to accommodate “new-collar skills” that can be gained through vocational programs instead of four-year colleges. While new technologies like A.I. are transforming every job in every industry, that does not equate to all workers being displaced. What it does mean is that all businesses and professionals will require a mind-set for change.John DonovanChief executive, AT&T CommunicationsOur employees need new skills because technology has reshaped much of the work we do at AT&T. That’s why we took responsibility for addressing this challenge within our company. Through collaborations with others, we’ve built tremendous capabilities for retraining our nearly 270,000 employees. Since 2016, they’ve completed five million skills transformation courses. And last year, we filled 68 percent of management positions in our technology and operations group with internal candidates. We also recognize this goes beyond AT&T. So we intend to share our success, work with both the public and private sector, and stay active in the discussion around future jobs.What is one piece of advice you would give a recent college graduate entering the job market today?Jeremy KingExecutive vice president and chief technology officer, WalmartThat’s an easy one: Don’t push to become a manager too quickly. It’s important to become a master in your craft, and rounding out your experience first is much more important. I have seen so many technologists jump to leadership positions too early in their career, and therefore they cannot go deep on the technology stacks they are leading and, in some cases, aren’t even trained on it. A good leader today is both technical and a good people leader — and that comes with time and experience.If you were 18 and graduating from high school today, what would you do to be as employable as possible?Cindy MiFounder and chief executive, VIPKidI hope students today will cultivate a global mind-set and a passion for lifelong learning. They should seek out opportunities to connect with people around the world, and understand that while our world is getting smaller through technology, the opportunity to learn from people and cultures across the globe has gotten so much bigger. At VIPKid, we believe young children will become global citizens and have an impact beyond their own borders when they have access to personalized learning and compassionate teachers who instill in them this global mind-set.Evan SpiegelCo-founder and chief executive, Snap Inc.I feel that the most important thing we can do is learn how to tap into our creativity. When we overcome the fear of expressing ourselves and our ideas, anything is possible!Lawrence H. SummersCharles W. Eliot University professor and president emeritus, Harvard University; 71st secretary of the Treasury I believe that the ability to manipulate, comprehend, analyze, collect and refine data of all kinds will be central to the success of individuals and organizations in the 21st century. It is absurd that high school students are taught trigonometry but not statistics, and physical science but not social science. Coding is important, but understanding the data handling that is the reason for coding is even more important.MERIDA, Mexico — A meeting of U.S. and Mexican government and business leaders on Thursday aims to shore up investor confidence in Mexico and defuse U.S. President Donald Trump's threats to close their shared border if illegal immigration is not halted.Part of regular business forum the U.S.-Mexico CEO Dialogue, the talks in Mexico coincide with renewed tensions over trade and the border after two years of uncertainty sparked by Trump's push to rework the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).They also give Mexico an opportunity to address investor concerns about how President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has run Latin America's No. 2 economy since taking office in December."We want the American investors that visit our country to go back home feeling confident about their investments here," said Moises Kalach, a top executive in the CCE business lobby, which represented Mexico's private sector at the NAFTA talks.Lopez Obrador and officials including his foreign minister and energy minister, plus U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and U.S. Chamber of Commerce President Tom Donohue, are scheduled to attend the two-day meeting in the city of Merida.Among investors due to attend is Larry Fink, chief executive of the world's largest asset manager BlackRock Inc.The leftist Lopez Obrador took power vowing to fight entrenched corruption, crime, inequality and poverty, scourges that cost Mexico billions of dollars every year.He has said he wants to boost both private and public investment, but some of his early decisions, such as canceling a partially-built $13 billion Mexico City airport and steps to rein in the autonomy of regulatory bodies, have spooked investors.Questions remain over the future of trade in the region because the deal agreed to replace NAFTA, the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), has yet to be ratified.U.S. Democratic politicians say Mexico must approve a new labor law to strengthen its trade unions before they approve the USMCA, and Kalach said the implications of that legislation now in the Mexican Congress would be addressed.Time would also be given to how Mexico proposes to cope with a migrant surge which has led to Trump threatening to close the border, causing trade hold-ups at the frontier, he added."So as to lower the pressure on this issue, which is a real issue and an important issue," Kalach said.Trump said on Wednesday he would have to mobilize more of the military at the U.S. border with Mexico.Cutting through the noise surrounding the issue of immigration, Mexico wants to ensure that the message goes out that both countries' private sectors keep working "hand in hand", said a Mexican official, who asked not to be named.Mexico is also eager to drum up interests in "strategic projects" in Mexico's southeast, and to ensure there is a good business climate in the country, the official said.Key among the projects is the planned $8 billion construction of a new Pemex refinery on Mexico's Gulf Coast, which American firms were recently invited to bid on.Other schemes the government wants to pitch to investors include a rail project across popular tourist areas of the Yucatan peninsula, known as the Mayan Train, development of border areas, and an alternative new Mexico City airport. (Additional reporting by Dave Graham, Frank Jack Daniel and Sharay Angulo in Mexico City; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)LOS ANGELES — Uber Technologies Inc's restaurant delivery business has grown revenue to $1.5 billion in just three years, the company disclosed in its IPO filing on Thursday, dwarfing the revenue of its profitable, and already public, rival Grubhub Inc.Uber also spelled out the struggle its food delivery business faces: "Cumulative payments to drivers for Uber Eats deliveries historically have exceeded the cumulative delivery fees paid by consumers," it said. Uber Eats, and its rivals DoorDash and Postmates - who are also candidates for initial public offerings (IPOs) - are offering discounts and incentives to diners and restaurants in a race to grab the biggest piece of online restaurant delivery sales that investment firm William Blair & Co expects to grow to $62 billion in 2022 from around $25 billion today.Uber said its "take rate" - or the percentage of revenue it keeps from each restaurant order - declined to 10 percent after it charged high-volume restaurant partners lower fees in competitive markets like the United States and India. "What you like to see is take rates going up not down," said Wedbush Securities analyst Ygal Arounian, who noted that fast-food giant McDonald's Corp is a key Uber Eats partner. Research firm Edison Trends said Uber Eats does more deliveries than its U.S. rivals, including Grubhub, but that the dollar value of each transaction is the lowest of the bunch at $26.20. That makes it harder to turn a profit in an industry where customers, restaurants and drivers bounce between delivery services. Raising prices is not an option. "Consumers, as convenience-minded as they are, are still pretty price sensitive," said Jesse Reyes, chief executive of J-Curve Advisors, who advises venture capital and private equity funds. Grubhub had established the beginnings of a profitability roadmap for the industry - even as some experts worry that it is losing share to its fast-growing Silicon Valley rivals. The Chicago-based company merged with rival Seamless before its April 2014 IPO and since has made more than a half-dozen other purchases, including Yelp Inc's Eat24, campus delivery firm Tapingo Ltd and LevelUP, which manages digital ordering, payments and loyalty programs. It booked 2018 net income of $78.5 million on revenue of $1 billion. Grubhub's U.S. restaurant partners pay an average commission rate of 20 percent. Diners are charged nothing or up to a few dollars for deliveries, spokeswoman Katie Norris said. The company also forged an exclusive partnership with KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut owner Yum Brands Inc, which took a $200 million stake in the Grubhub. Experts say there will be more consolidation and failures as delivery firms look for ways to break away from the pack. "It's early days in this space and there is a lot that will shake out in the next couple of years," said Wedbush Securities analyst Arounian.  (Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles; additional reporting by Nivedita Balu and Shariq Kahn in Bengaluru; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)(Reuters) - Recruitment firm PageGroup Plc on Wednesday posted higher first-quarter gross profit, as robust business in Britain and Germany offset slowness in Greater China and France.Gross profit for the quarter grew 11.7 percent to 208.8 million pounds. Britain recorded its third straight quarter of growth as profit grew 1.7 percent, allaying Brexit-related nervousness in the jobs market. Profit from Germany expanded 23 percent.PageGroup, which was set up above a launderette in London in 1976 and helps hire executives, professionals and clerical staff said trade tariff uncertainty in Greater China and 'gilets jaunes' protests in France impacted candidate confidence.The "yellow vests" protests, named after the bright jackets that French drivers have to keep in their cars and which have been worn by demonstrators, began in November after public anger against fuel tax rises.PageGroup said it expects full-year 2019 operating profit to be in line with its compiled consensus of 160.4 million pounds.Graphic: PageGroup hiring holds despite economic woes (https://tmsnrt.rs/2X2jYfD)(This story refiles to fix a link to related graphic content.) (Reporting by Sangameswaran S and Samantha Machado in Bengaluru; editing by Patrick Graham and Arun Koyyur)FRANKFURT — Deutsche Boerse is buying risk management software provider Axioma for $850 million (£652 million), the stock exchange operator said on Tuesday, and plans to merge the unit with its existing index business to create a new analytics firm.The acquisition will be cash neutral for Deutsche Boerse, which in the end will hold 78 percent of the new company, it said. Private equity firm General Atlantic will hold around a 19 percent stake after its $715 million investment, and Axioma management 3 percent after investing $105 million.Deutsche Boerse's existing index business is valued at 2.6 billion euros (£2.3 billion). Axioma generated around $100 million in revenue in 2018 and has 240 employees. Axioma's chief Sebastian Ceria will lead the new company. (Reporting by Tom Sims; Editing by Jan Harvey)When Julian Olidort returned to his Manhattan office after a business trip to Israel five years ago, he said his first priority was “to assemble a team of co-workers” to assist in the delicate handling of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that emerged 6,000 miles away in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv. It was an investment he was eager to pursue.Her name was Sivan Aloni.“She was a very beautiful and intelligent woman with a very different outlook on life,” Mr. Olidort said. “She lived every day at her own pace, and that was something I deeply admired, so I thought if there was ever a chance to meet her again it would be so magical, so worth it.”Mr. Olidort, now 29 and an associate at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and Ms. Aloni, now 31 and the adviser to Ambassador Dani Dayan, consul general of Israel in New York, met in Jerusalem in May 2014 at the first Genesis Prize award ceremony. The annual event recognizes achievement steeped in Jewish values. (Michael R. Bloomberg was the first recipient.)Mr. Olidort, just 24 at the time, attended the event in his official role as executive secretary of the Genesis Prize Foundation. He was placed in charge of an international selection committee that included former Supreme Court justices, members of Israel’s parliament, the chief rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregation of the Commonwealth, and Elie Wiesel, the winner of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1986.“Looking back, that was a lot for a young guy to handle,” Mr. Olidort said with a chuckle, “but then again, so was Sivan.”Ms. Aloni, then a 26-year-old student at Hebrew University of Jerusalem working for the Israeli production company that produced the event, was stationed in the guest relations area in charge of coordinating the flow of journalists, panel judges and other attendees during the course of the evening.“I saw her standing there and just kind of froze for a moment,” Mr. Olidort recalled. “I immediately told myself, ‘If this girl could be the one, then I’m satisfied, I’m set for life.’”Unsure how he might relay that sentiment to a woman he had never met in a room teeming with security guards and media personnel, Mr. Olidort continued to stare squarely at Ms. Aloni as he began walking in circles. “I wanted to look busy,” he said, “so I walked out of the room three times, and each time I had to re-enter through security.”Ms. Aloni, who was in the company of several colleagues, could not help but notice the peripatetic stranger who appeared to not know whether he was coming or going.“I glanced over and saw this guy who looked dashing in his suit,” she said. “He also looked like he was half the age of everyone else in attendance.”Mr. Olidort decided the best plan would be to make a beeline for Ms. Aloni, and upon arrival, he did not mince words. “Look, I don’t want to embarrass you in front of your friends,” he said to her, “but may I have your number, I’d love to take you out.”Ms. Aloni, who said she found Mr. Olidort’s bold approach “rather charming,” agreed to have a drink with him later that night, which was a Thursday, but in the company of friends.Mr. Olidort, scheduled to return to New York the next day, chose to join her friends. Despite the fact that he did not get the alone time with her that he desired, he said he awoke the next morning “feeling that she was someone I would flip the whole world over to be with.”He rearranged his travel plans, canceling a trip to Turkey and extending his time in Israel by three more days — until a Tuesday — to get to know Ms. Aloni on a more personal level. He told her he was staying to take care of some unfinished business, but failed to tell her that she, in fact, was the unfinished business.He asked her out to dinner on a Saturday evening, and though Ms. Aloni accepted the invitation, she arrived with several friends in tow, leaving Mr. Olidort a bit flustered.He explained his frustration to her the next morning, on a Sunday, two days before he was to return to New York, and followed his one-on-one request with yet another dinner invite, this one to Manta Ray, a restaurant on the beach in Tel Aviv.Ms. Aloni accepted, agreeing to go solo, she said, “because I could tell by then that Julian was a very sincere person, and a really nice guy.”She could also tell how he was nervous. “At dinner, he kept playing with his food,” she said. “It took him a little while to relax.”Mr. Olidort settled in and the two got to know each other. Ms. Aloni told him that she was born in Petah Tikva, a city in the central district of Israel, and raised in Tel Aviv, the only daughter of Zivit Furstenberg, her mother, who lived in Korazim, Israel, and Raviv Aloni, her father, an information technology specialist who remarried after divorcing Ms. Furstenberg and moved to Brisbane, Australia. Ms. Aloni spent many of her summers in the company of her stepsister and stepbrother in Australia.She graduated from Thelma Yalin National High School of the Arts in Tel Aviv, before serving two years in the Israeli Army, where she was a sergeant in its Yiftah unit, which developed materials for special infantry operations. She went on to Hebrew University, earning a dual degree in Jewish thought and political science.Ms. Aloni and Mr. Olidort soon realized that art played an integral role in both their lives. Her mother was an independent jewelry artist. His mother, Nadia Klionsky-Olidort, was a landscape artist and the senior studio artist for the Echo Design Group in New York, where she designs scarves. She inherited her artistic talent from her father, Marc Klionsky, a Soviet-born artist who developed a nuanced form of American Realism through the eyes of new immigrants in New York City in the 1970s and 1980s.Mr. Klionsky, who died at age 90 in 2017, painted the portraits of many notable leaders and musicians, including Golda Meir, B.B. King and Dizzy Gillespie — the latter still hanging at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington.Mr. Olidort, the younger of two sons born to Ms. Klionsky-Olidort and Joseph Z. Olidort of New York, graduated from Brandeis University and received a master’s degree in international finance and economic policy from Columbia. He was a Fulbright scholar in Sweden, where he conducted economic research on the Swedish glass industry while blowing glass at a factory in the southern Smaland region.He later told Ms. Aloni that after meeting her in Jerusalem, he returned home so fearful of losing her “by saying the wrong thing,” that he turned to his co-workers “for some advice and coaching,” on what they felt were the proper things to say to maintain his newfound, long-distance relationship.“For two months, people kept popping into my office with new ideas, new things to say to her via phone or text,” Mr. Olidort said.Six months later, Mr. Olidort’s emotional investment began paying dividends, as he and Ms. Aloni arranged for a second official date — in Venice, Italy.“He was always up front about his feelings for me,” Ms. Aloni said. “So at that point, I had put a lot of trust and faith in him.”Their rendezvous in Venice, Mr. Olidort said, “felt more like an incredible honeymoon than a second date.”In February 2015, Ms. Aloni visited Mr. Olidort in New York, where she did some sightseeing, job-hunting and soul-searching. In October of that year she returned once more, this time considerably shortening the distance of their long-distance relationship by moving into Mr. Olidort’s Manhattan apartment. She had also accepted a job as a director in the public diplomacy department of the Israeli consulate.“Throughout our relationship Julian kept talking about getting serious and wanting us to have a great life together, and that always felt right with me,” Ms. Aloni said. “So I moved in with him without hesitation and without worry.”They were married on a Tuesday morning, April 2, by Rabbi Haskel Lookstein at Congregation Kehilath Jeshurun in Manhattan. The couple were joined by the groom’s parents and his grandmother, Irina Klionsky, who is also the widow of Marc Klionsky. Renée Schreiber and Eran Polishuk, colleagues and friends of the bride, also attended. The bride’s mother tuned in via Skype from her home in Israel.“By the power vested in me as a rabbi and because of the fact that I registered with the city clerk 60 years ago in order to be able to do such a ceremony, I now pronounce you husband and wife, according to the law of the State of New York,” Rabbi Lookstein said playfully. “You are not yet married according to the law of Moses and Israel.”When the brief ceremony ended, the small wedding party went to a nearby deli to celebrate over coffee and bagels.“We fell in love with Sivan the moment we met her,” said the groom’s mother, Ms. Klionsky-Olidort, who was seated inside the deli next to her husband, Joseph Olidort, a civil engineer at Aecom, an engineering firm in New York. “She is his sunshine, the person who brings him the most joy.”The newlyweds would eventually call a cab for Irina Klionsky, 82, and escort her back to her SoHo apartment, where she and Mr. Olidort manage her husband’s art estate. It was also the place where Mr. Olidort proposed to Ms. Aloni in March 2018. (Mr. Olidort said he hoped to put together an exhibit in the near future of Mr. Klionsky’s works, several pieces of which have never been on public display.)“The Jewish community is an important part of our lives,” Mr. Olidort said. “We are both passionate about the continuity of the Jewish people and innovative Jewish education to inspire and engage young people to remain involved with their Jewish heritage.”On April 16, the bride and groom will take part in a celebration ceremony in Jerusalem before 300 family members and friends. Rabbi Lookstein will officiate again at a traditional huppah and reception at Olmaya, an events space there.“I only wish my husband was here to see all of this,” said Irina Klionsky, smiling before her cab arrived as she stared across the crowded deli at the bride and groom.Standing side by side at the noisy deli counter after their wedding, the couple laughed as they pointed to a variety of bagels and other tempting choices on a menu hanging high on a wall above a colorful and somewhat chaotic New York scene. This was modern-day portrait of youthful exuberance the likes of which Marc Klionsky might have captured in his heyday.Businesses have been sounding the alarm over Britain’s impending departure from the European Union ever since its approval in a 2016 referendum. But this week, with lawmakers unable to agree on any sort of orderly plan as the March deadline for a deal nears, their warnings rang louder — and some decided to act.Airbus and Bentley called the prospect of Brexit without an agreement a “killer” and a “disgrace.” Sony, concerned about Brexit-generated disruptions, said it would move its European headquarters from Surrey to the Netherlands. Other companies are furiously stockpiling supplies, while civil servants are scrambling to prepare for emergency arrangements. While politicians may yet pull together a deal before March 29, analysts say businesses have run out of time. The precarious state of affairs is already damaging the economy. “Until the middle of last year, it was a slow burn — we lost about 2 to 3 percent of output,” said Amit Kara, head of British macroeconomic research at the National Institute of Economic and Social Research. “My feeling is it has gathered a little bit of pace since then.” Manufacturers are increasingly reluctant to invest in uncertain political and economic conditions, according to a survey published this week by the Confederation of British Industry, and some business leaders are going public with their frustration. “They’re breaking cover because they’re feeling close to the edge at this point,” said Jonathan Portes, a professor of economics and public policy at King’s College London. Airbus, which employs about 14,000 people in Britain making wings for its aircraft, said that if the country left the European Union with no deal, supply-chain disruptions would force it to look to move its factories elsewhere.“Make no mistake: There are plenty of countries out there who would love to build the wings for Airbus aircraft,” Tom Enders, the chief executive, said in a video posted on YouTube this week. The British transportation industry imports a large portion of its parts from the European Union and sells a large portion of its products there. Airbus warned last summer that a Brexit without a replacement deal could cost it more than $1 billion a week. In his video, Mr. Enders called it a “disgrace” that businesses still did not have enough information to make plans. “Please don’t listen to the Brexiteers’ madness which asserts that, because we have huge plants here, we will not move and we will always be here,” he said, referring to supporters of Brexit. “They are wrong.” Since Parliament defeated Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit plan last week, lawmakers have been battling over a second, similar plan she presented. Mrs. May has refused to rule out leaving the European Union without an agreement, gambling that lawmakers will back her rather than allow that possibility.“The U.K. is not and cannot be ready for a ‘no deal’ Brexit,” Carolyn Fairbairn, the director general of the Confederation of British Industry, said Tuesday. “Only Parliament can avoid it, and now is the time to do so.” The chief executive of the Civil Service, John Manzoni, conceded that his organization would not be fully prepared. “Will things be a bit bumpy? Of course, they will,” Mr. Manzoni said Tuesday at the Institute for Government, a British policy group. The chief executive of Bentley, Adrian Hallmark, told Reuters on Tuesday that his luxury car company had been headed for a turnaround after a year of losses, but that political events could scupper its plans. “It’s Brexit that’s the killer,” he said. Another carmaker, Jaguar Land Rover, confirmed on Thursday that it would pause production for a week in April to deal with potential disruptions. Companies are planning stockpiles of parts and supplies — if they can find room. The United Kingdom Warehousing Association surveyed its members last month and said three-quarters were already full and unable to take on more business. Many businesses also do not have the money to stockpile and prepare, said Mr. Kara of the National Institute of Economic and Social Research. “If we did have a hard Brexit, the shock would be quite significant,” he added. UK in a Changing Europe, a research group, has estimated that leaving without a deal could reduce Britain’s gross domestic product per capita by as much as 8.7 percent over 10 years from what it would be if the nation remained in the bloc. “What you see here is a bit of frustration that the U.K. government could have handled it so badly and ignored the concerns of business,” said Mr. Portes of King’s College London, who is also a senior fellow at UK in a Changing Europe. Even if an agreement is reached in time, the turmoil of the debate will have a lasting impact, he said.Airbus has made it clear that “when it comes to the next big investment decision, the U.K. is not going to be on the list,” Mr. Portes said. “In the medium to long term, it’s clear that it’ll have a large negative effect on any future investment.” Foreign direct investment in Britain is already 19 percent lower than it would have been had the referendum not happened, according to researchers at the University of Sussex. Dyson, the home appliances company, denied on Tuesday that its decision to  relocate move its headquarters from England to Singapore was related to Brexit, but few saw it as a vote of confidence for the business environment in Britain. And Brexit might not be the only challenge for the British economy, Mr. Kara said. The global economy is slowing, and Britain is likely to be vulnerable should there be another shock to it, he said.“It’s like a country that has an armed force that is able to battle on one front, but if another front opens up, we are certainly more vulnerable than many other countries,” he said. FRANKFURT — Euro zone banks expect to ease standards for business loans and consumer credit as competition remains fierce and demand slows in Italy and Spain, a European Central Bank survey showed on Tuesday.With economic growth slowing and recession fears rising, ECB policymakers recently approved a new set of ultra-cheap loans to commercial banks, fearing they would halt the flow of credit, exacerbating the downturn. But the results of the survey suggest that banks are not planning to make it any harder for businesses to get loans, blaming high competitive pressure."For the second quarter of 2019, banks expect an easing of credit standards for loans to enterprises and consumer credit, and a further tightening of credit standards for housing loans," the ECB said.But credit demand cooled among consumers and companies in Spain, where general elections will be held this month, and from businesses in recession-struck Italy. For the euro area as a whole, banks expect net demand for housing loans, consumer credit and business loans to rise in the three months to June. Credit standards -- banks' internal guidelines or loan approval criteria -- and terms and conditions on new credit remained broadly unchanged, the survey showed.Italian banks, however, said they were tightening lending terms for a second straight quarter, blaming a higher cost of funding and a heightened perception of risk.Borrowing costs for the Italian government, which drive the cost of funding for banks, have risen since a populist coalition took power last year and disclosed plans to run higher budget deficits. (Reporting by Balazs Koranyi; editing by Francesco Canepa, Larry King)LONDON — Some car manufacturers will idle their factories. The police are advising store owners to hire more security guards. Trucks have been sent to the coast to practice with artificial traffic jams. And exasperated business lobbyists are warning of supply-chain calamities.Britain remains politically paralyzed ahead of a contentious vote in Parliament next week on a plan to withdraw from the European Union, or Brexit. But businesses are plowing ahead and preparing for the possibility that the country crashes out of the bloc without an agreement at the end of March — a no-deal Brexit.Honda, the Japanese auto company, which produces about 150,000 cars a year in its factory in Swindon, in southwest England, said on Friday that it would stop production for six days in April to assess its supply chain and possible disruptions from border delays after Brexit. The company said its 4,000 employees would go to work but would be training or handling maintenance.BMW has already said it will shut its Mini factory in Oxford for maintenance for a month beginning April 1, in case a no-deal outcome disrupts its production.Honda was the most high-profile company to make its Brexit contingency plans known this week, and a diplomatic visit prompted the revelation. Shinzo Abe, Japan’s prime minister, flew to London to meet with Prime Minister Theresa May on Thursday and emphasized that he hoped a no-deal Brexit could be avoided.Other Japanese companies, too, are not waiting for reassurance. “There are preparations underway,” Koji Tsuruoka, Japan’s ambassador to Britain, told the BBC on Friday, adding that Japanese companies were prepared for “all contingencies.”If Britain leaves the European Union with no deal, it could wreak havoc on just-in-time manufacturing that relies on goods crossing the British border from France and arriving at factories within minutes of final assembly.“That’s the system that makes them survive in this very competitive environment,” Mr. Tsuruoka said of companies' manufacturing processes. “If that is no longer available, then of course they have to think twice as to how do they continue to be operative in this environment.”Retail businesses were also being advised to prepare for uncertain times. On Friday, the Metropolitan Police said they were advising stores to consider hiring extra security just in case shortages created by a no-deal exit prompted a rush of shoppers.“We are having these conversations in order to minimize the demands on policing from any resulting large crowds or queues at shops and as part of our regular civil contingency engagement with businesses and partners,” the police said in an emailed statement.Although businesses have been wary of wading into the politics of Brexit, some are now more willing to declare that a no-deal Brexit would be disastrous.The Confederation of British Industry warned on Friday that the government needed to be as specific as possible about how it would avoid a no-deal outcome.“Make no mistake, no-deal cannot be ‘managed,’” Carolyn Fairbairn, the group’s director-general, said in a speech. “And it’s certainly not desirable.”In what proved to be a less-than-convincing effort to ease public anxiety, the British government conducted an exercise on Monday to test how it would manage disruption at the border. It offered truck companies about $700 a truck to gather vehicles at Marston Airport, 20 miles west of the port of Dover, so it could test how effectively traffic backups could be managed if vehicles coming off ferries from Europe had to stop for customs checks.Only 89 trucks turned up, compared with the 150 expected, and the operation was widely mocked as “window dressing.”Radio and television news broadcasts this week were studded with commentary from people exasperated with the waiting game.“The only lobbying taking place now is through the airwaves to make it very clear to the politicians and the government that they have to sort this out,” said Iain Anderson, the executive chairman at Cicero, a consulting firm. “The longer this Brexit political drama continues, the less and less attractive the U.K. is going to be” to investors.Still, the vote in Parliament on the exit deal — set for Tuesday and anticipated to face strong opposition — is likely to offer some respite for businesses desperate for some clarity. Debate surrounding the vote will better define what politicians want and what the prime minister can take back for further negotiations with European officials.“There will be some signposts for business that will give them some small degree of confidence,” said Mujtaba Rahman, the managing director, Europe, for the Eurasia Group. “There will be uncertainty, there’s still a lot of downside risk, but that’s inherent to Brexit, and it will remain inherent until a withdrawal agreement is ratified.”WASHINGTON — Linda E. McMahon, one of five women in President Trump’s cabinet and the former chief executive of World Wrestling Entertainment, stepped down on Friday as the head of the Small Business Administration, the White House announced.One of Mr. Trump’s most prolific donors during the 2016 presidential campaign, Ms. McMahon joined the administration early in Mr. Trump’s term and avoided the kinds of scandals and high-profile attention that many of her cabinet colleagues endured during the last two years.With Ms. McMahon by his side at his Mar-a-Lago estate, Mr. Trump praised her as a “superstar” who had done much to improve the operation of the Small Business Administration.“She’s been one of our all-time favorites,” the president told reporters. “Just so smooth. She has helped so many people in the world of small business.”In recent weeks, Ms. McMahon was thought to be a contender to replace Wilbur Ross, the commerce secretary, once he departs the government. In a statement, Ms. McMahon said that she was proud of the work she had done in government.“The focus that we have put on supporting women entrepreneurship, veteran businesses and rural development has been particularly rewarding for me,” she said in the statement put out by the Small Business Administration.A business executive who turned her attention to politics later in life, Ms. McMahon ran unsuccessfully for the United States Senate in Connecticut in 2010 and again in 2012. Her expected departure from the administration was first reported by Politico.But it was her connection to Mr. Trump that finally brought her into the elite ranks of the government. When he nominated her in 2016, Mr. Trump cited her business experience.“Linda has a tremendous background and is widely recognized as one of the country’s top female executives advising businesses around the globe,” Mr. Trump said at the time. “She helped grow W.W.E. from a modest 13-person operation to a publicly traded global enterprise with more than 800 employees in offices worldwide.”As the agency’s administrator, Ms. McMahon earned the respect of some Democrats, who praised her for expanding loans to women and for working to improve the efficiency of the agency.People familiar with Ms. McMahon’s thinking said she was expected to take a position at the America First PAC, the political action committee supporting Mr. Trump’s re-election. She is expected to help the organization raise money.Ms. McMahon was approached weeks ago as a possible official at the political action committee. She is able to raise money and is trusted by donors who want to know she is close to Mr. Trump, people familiar with the appointment said.Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Here’s your roundup of the top news in business and tech, plus all you need to know for the week ahead. Even if your March Madness bracket was a flop, at least you can feel good about your news I.Q.MARCH 31-APRIL 6What’s Up? Going Nowhere FastBoeing’s grounded fleet of 737 Max jets probably won’t be back in the air anytime soon. A preliminary report on what caused one of the aircraft to crash in Ethiopia last month determined that the pilots followed all of Boeing’s safety protocols. While investigators stopped short of blaming the company for the plane crash, the report does put more pressure on the manufacturer and aviation authorities to figure out what happened — and to make sure it won’t again. Boeing has already lost one order of its 737 planes from Indonesia’s national airline, and the longer it takes to get the jets cleared for flight, the more customers (and money) it stands to lose. Then Again, Maybe NotPresident Trump said on Thursday that he planned to give Mexico a “one-year warning” to stop drug smuggling and illegal immigration or he’ll close the southern border. This was a big step back from a threat he had made the week before, when he said he’d close the border in the next few days. His initial statement was followed by widespread panic. A border closing would seriously harm the American economy, halting the daily flow of $1.7 billion of goods and services between the two countries. This would cause food shortages (where would we get our avocados?) and price spikes. It would also hurt the 500,000 legal workers, students, shoppers and tourists who cross the border each day. Facebook’s Latest LeakIf you’re getting tired of Facebook’s user data — particularly your own — showing up in places it shouldn’t, you’re in good company. A cybersecurity firm reported this past week that it had stumbled upon a huge cache of Facebook user information on one of Amazon’s cloud computing servers. The information included millions of Facebook users’ passwords, comments, and account names, and all of it could be downloaded by anyone who found it online. The database was closed after Facebook learned about its contents, but considering the rash of similar cases in the past year, this won’t be the last breach of its kind. APRIL 7-13What’s Next? Stacking the DeckMr. Trump escalated his sniping at the Federal Reserve on Friday, calling on the organization to cut interest rates and use other means to boost economic growth. He also continued to accuse the Fed chairman, Jerome H. Powell, of throwing water on the economy by raising interest rates last year. It’s unusual for a president to so openly attempt to exert influence over the central bank, but Mr. Trump is taking his efforts a step further by announcing plans to nominate two of his longtime supporters for seats on the Fed’s board. One is his “friend,” the former pizza executive and 2012 presidential hopeful Herman Cain, and the other is Stephen Moore, a conservative economist and adviser to Mr. Trump. Mr. Powell will surely be asked about all of this on Wednesday, after the Fed releases the minutes of its March meeting. In Case of EmergencyEuropean Union leaders will hold a last-minute summit on Wednesday to discuss the fate of Brexit, which has now dragged on past the point of absurdity. Britain is now slated to withdraw from the bloc on April 12 with or without a concrete plan, unless Prime Minister Theresa May can win Parliament’s agreement for another deadline extension. There has been much hand-wringing over the possibility of a no-deal Brexit, which could be disastrous for the British economy as well as its trade partners. To prepare, many businesses have staged their own reverse Brexit, moving operations elsewhere and holding off on investing in British companies. It’s a lose-lose for Britain, and prolonging the process isn’t likely to improve matters. An Epic WaitA trade deal with China may finally be nigh. But then again, who really knows? On Thursday, Mr. Trump gathered with the Chinese delegation, which was in Washington for the umpteenth round of negotiations, to say that he’s anticipating an “epic” trade agreement in about four weeks. He was also expected to announce a presidential summit with Xi Jinping of China, presumably to sign that deal, but he stopped short of doing so. “If we have a deal, then we’ll have a summit,” Mr. Trump said. He is under mounting pressure to make good on the lofty promises he made to American businesses about an agreement, but the clock is ticking on the economic damage that trade tensions are wreaking around the world. What Else?Jeff and Mackenzie Bezos have finalized the details of their divorce. He will keep 75 percent of their joint shares in Amazon, leaving her with a $36 billion stake — which makes her one of the richest women in the world. Speaking of wealthy people, Tesla’s chief executive, Elon Musk, is still battling with the Securities and Exchange Commission over his ill-advised (and unadvised) tweets about his company. A New York judge gave both parties two weeks to sort out their differences, and recommended that they put on their “reasonableness pants” to do so — a tall order, in this case.TOYOTA CITY — The head of Toyota Motor Corp's electric vehicle (EV) business told Reuters the automaker has received enquiries from more than 50 companies since announcing last week that it would offer free access to patents for EV motors and power control units.The executive also said Toyota aims to use partnerships to cut by as much as half the outlays for expanded electric and hybrid vehicle components production in the United States, China and Japan."Until now we have been a tier 1 automaker, but now we also intend to become a tier 2 supplier of hybrid systems," Toyota Executive Vice President Shigeki Terashi said.Supplying rivals would greatly expand the scale of production for hardware such as power control units and electric motors that are used in gasoline-electric hybrids, plug-in hybrids, fully electric vehicles and fuel cell vehicles, he added.Toyota last week outlined plans to offer automakers and auto suppliers royalty-free access to nearly 24,000 electrified vehicle technologies patented by the Japanese auto giant.In an interview on Thursday at Toyota's global headquarters in Toyota City, Japan, Terashi provided new details of Toyota's strategy, and its anticipated impact on the company's investment plans.By offering to supply rival automakers with parts used in Toyota's gasoline-sipping hybrid vehicles, the Japanese automaker sees a way to slash capital outlay by roughly half for new plants required to build electric car components for future models, Terashi said."We believe that this approach will reduce investment costs significantly," he said. Terashi said Toyota projects a surge in demand for electrified vehicles globally as regulators insist new vehicles emit substantially less carbon dioxide, and that working with Toyota would offer others a low-cost path to compliance.Toyota's internal goal is to sell 5.5 million electrified, Toyota-brand vehicles annually by 2030, up from about 1.6 million vehicles now, he said.Already, Terashi said, Toyota believes it could reach the 5.5 million target as early as 2025. The company is working on plans for a new round of capital spending to expand capacity for producing the hardware required.(For an interactive chart on global powertrain sales forecasts, click here https://tmsnrt.rs/2IdNUC7)By offering to supply electric vehicle hardware, and the know-how to integrate it into vehicles, Terashi said Toyota wants to reduce its capital outlay, and create a new source of revenue."We anticipate that there will probably be very few automakers who use our patents to develop their own hybrids from scratch, so by using our system and our components, and offering our support, we can work together to develop these cars," Terashi said.In the last 20 years, Toyota has managed to dominate the global market for hybrid cars by constantly improving and lowering the cost of the technology it pioneered in the Prius - and keeping this expertise a closely guarded secret. Toyota's new business foray underlines the challenges facing even the largest global automakers as they confront some of the most profound technological changes for automobiles in a century.Toyota is now trying to take advantage of its lead in refining hybrid vehicles, even as it runs behind global rivals such as Volkswagen AG and Tesla Inc in bringing fully electric vehicles to showrooms.Since pioneering the Prius in 1997, Toyota has sold more than 13 million hybrids, which twin a conventional gasoline engine and electric motor, saving fuel by capturing energy during coasting and breaking and using it to power the motor.Roughly 15 percent of Toyota's annual global sales are hybrids, including the Corolla and the RAV4. Last year it sold 1.6 million hybrids globally, more than the 1.3 million all-battery EVs sold by Tesla Inc, Nissan Motor Co and all other automakers combined. To meet the expected surge in hybrid demand, Terashi said he is planning to increase production capacity for hybrid components mainly by adding capacity at existing plants.Toyota has initially courted its partner automakers. It already supplies the plug-in hybrid system for Subaru Corp's Crosstrek SUV crossover model, and last month Toyota announced that it would be a global supplier of hybrid systems to compact car maker Suzuki Motor Co. The success of the Prius has helped to brand Toyota as a maker of affordable, reliable green cars and has been key to the automaker's reputation as a leader in low-emissions vehicle technology.Terashi brushed off the risk that Toyota could lose this edge by offering its hybrid technology to other automakers, arguing that it held a crucial, 20-year head start over its rivals. "Even if an automaker is able to develop and produce a car using our systems and parts which complies with emissions regulations, its overall performance would never be the same as ours," he said. (Reporting by Naomi Tajitsu and Joseph White; Additional reporting by Maki Shiraki; Editing by Christopher Cushing)SANTANDER, Spain/MEXICO CITY — Santander has offered to take full control of its Mexican business through a 2.6 billion euro (£2.3 billion) all-share deal as the Spanish bank chases potentially higher returns available from Latin America.The deal proposed on Friday, which was broadly welcomed by analysts but described as "oppressive" by a major investor, will unwind Santander's listing of 25% of the bank on the Mexican stock exchange in 2012. The move is part of efforts to focus more on emerging economies while cutting costs to counter squeezed margins in mature European markets.While record-low interest rates have prevailed across the euro zone for the past 10 years, benchmark rates in Mexico stand at 8.25%, the highest since the 2008 global financial crisis.The Mexico deal will also bring Santander head to head with Spain's second-largest bank BBVA, which makes about 40% of its earnings from Mexico."(The deal) is an opportunity to gain exposure to a diversified, global bank with growing and more predictable results than those of comparable peers," Chairwoman Ana Botin told shareholders at Santander's annual general meeting.Earnings from Mexico are expected to rise to 10% of group profit, up from 8%, Botin said. Latin America as a whole accounts for 43% of the Spanish bank's earnings.At least one investor, Bill Kanko, president of Black Creek Investment Management, took a dim view of the plan. The Canadian asset manager is the fourth-largest investor in Banco Santander Mexico, excluding the parent, according to Refinitiv data."This is a ‘squeeze-out’ or ‘take-under’, and we have little recourse," Kanko said. He said Santander's offer carried only a small premium that did not fully compensate minority shareholders whose investments he said "subsidized" a spending program that started in 2017.Banco Santander Mexico said in 2016 it would invest $736 million in branches and technology. Kanko said that had depressed earnings in the short term but "made sense to us longer term." "The growth opportunity in Mexican banking services, the repair of their balance sheet, the appointment of a highly respected CEO, the efficiency measures of the bank, and the governance of the parent company – how ironic – were the underpinnings of our investment thesis." Reuters contacted the 15 largest investors in Banco Santander Mexico, excluding the parent, according to Refinitiv Eikon data, for comment. Several, including BlackRock, Vanguard and JPMorgan Asset Management, declined to comment. Others did not immediately respond.MEXICO'S SHRINKING EXCHANGEDamian Fraser, founder of Mexico City-based financial consultancy Miranda Partners, said Santander was also giving a vote of confidence to the new administration of President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, whose economic instincts have at times rattled Mexican markets."They are betting on Mexico, they are putting 3 billion euros on the line. They're believing in" Lopez Obrador, said Fraser, who worked on the Santander Mexico IPO in 2012 when serving as Mexico country manager for Swiss bank UBS AG.The disappearance of the stock did, however, reduce the amount of choice on offer on the stock exchange."The Mexican stock market is already shrinking, it's already fairly illiquid, and this is another blow," Fraser said.The Mexico plan overshadowed Friday's shareholder meeting, where some investors criticised management handling of an aborted process to hire Italian banker Andrea Orcel as chief executive. In an unusual U-turn on such a major appointment, the bank said in January that it could not meet his pay expectations."It's a good decision that you stopped it, but it is a mega-disclosure accident," investor Hans Martin told the meeting, also asking if Jose Antonio Alvarez would remain as CEO for the foreseeable future.Mexico is a highly profitable market, where Santander has set a mid-term target of 19-21% for the underlying return on tangible equity.Santander's shares rose nearly 2% on Friday.Santander, which holds about 75% of its Mexican business, said it would issue up to 572 million new shares, equivalent to up 3.5% of Santander's market capitalisation, to finance the deal.The new issuance is worth about 2.6 billion euros based on Thursday's close, according to Refinitiv data.The euro zone's biggest lender in terms of market value will offer 0.337 shares for 1 share of Santander Mexico and 1.685 shares per share to holders of Santander Mexico ADS. Santander said the exchange ratio represented a 14% premium to the closing prices of Banco Santander and Santander Mexico shares on April 11.Santander expects the transaction to have a return on investment of approximately 14.5%, to be neutral on earnings per share and to contribute positively to the group's core Tier-1 capital ratio. (Reporting by Jesús Aguado in SANTANDER, Jose Elias Rodriguez in MADRID and Stefanie Eschenbacher and Dave Graham in MEXICO CITY; Editing by Jane Merriman/David Goodman and Grant McCool)Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.You're a busy person, so here's your quick and breezy catch-up on the latest in tech and business news, plus what to know for the week ahead. Your Monday self will be better for it.MARCH 10-16What’s Up? A Bumpy DescentBoeing’s brand-new fleet of 737 Max aircraft was grounded in over 40 countries after a deadly plane crash in Ethiopia last Sunday, the second 737 Max to go down in five months. There’s no hard evidence that the planes have anything wrong with them, but similarities between the two crashes caused widespread concern among aviation officials (and passengers) around the world. Boeing has promised a software fix and new training program for pilots by April, but it may take a lot longer to repair the damage to its reputation and its bottom line, considering the 737 Max was its best-selling jet ever.Losing FaceHumans were forced to have actual conversations when Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp went dark for few hours on Wednesday. (The platforms, all owned by Facebook, were apparently suffering from a server issue.) But the company may not bounce back quite so fast when federal prosecutors start examining its business deals. Officials are  conducting a criminal investigation into partnerships that Facebook struck with other big tech companies, namely, agreements that involved handing over its users’ personal information without their consent. Other signs of turmoil: Two of Facebook’s top executives resigned on Thursday without giving explicit reasons. A Blow to the Gun IndustryFirearm makers took a hit on Thursday when a Connecticut court ruled that the families of victims in the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School could proceed with suing Remington, which made the AR-15 rifle used in the massacre. The decision conflicts with Congress’s previous policy of shielding gun manufacturers whose weapons are used in a crime, and creates a potential opening to hold those companies liable. At the center of the lawsuit is Remington’s promotional messaging, which the families argue shows an effort to appeal to troubled young men. An outcome in the plaintiffs’ favor could have far-reaching effects on how guns are marketed and sold. MARCH 17-23What’s Next? The Long GoodbyeWe were so looking forward to March 29 as the last day of Brexit negotiations (and hearing people talk about them). But alas. British lawmakers voted on Thursday to push back the country’s departure from the European Union until they can agree on how to actually pull it off, so the squabbling will drag on for … well, who knows. Prime Minister Theresa May will meet with European Union leaders in Brussels this Thursday to discuss the terms of the postponement, which will require approval from all 27 members of the bloc to proceed. Tech TakedownExpect more stump speeches about breaking up big tech companies like Amazon, Google and Facebook after Senator Elizabeth Warren discussed her plan to do so at the annual South by Southwest Interactive conference in Austin, Tex., last week. Senator Warren, who is also a 2020 presidential candidate, argues that tech giants have abused their power by acquiring potential competitors, making it harder for smaller start-ups to compete, and wants to appoint regulators to divide the conglomerates. Almost everyone can agree that these corporations need clearer rules, but how to go about it will be a major topic as the 2020 presidential race heats up. No Sudden MovesFederal Reserve officials will meet this Tuesday and Wednesday to decide whether to raise the benchmark interest rate, but it would be a huge surprise if they did. The number (currently 2.25 to 2.5 percent) is the baseline for banks and other lenders to set interest rates on loans (like your mortgage), and the Fed recently took a much more hands-off approach to it. This new stance delighted Wall Street, but has also been interpreted as a bellwether of growing economic uncertainty. What Else?The college admissions scandal that you’ve been following so breathlessly isn’t just taking down celebrity parents. Big names in the finance world are accused of paying bribes to get their children into top schools, too. (But are you really surprised?) In other news, Uber’s self-driving cars may soon get a $1 billion cash infusion from SoftBank, if their current talks go well. The company also just settled a lawsuit with drivers who wanted to be recognized as employees. The drivers got $20 million, but not the title: they’re still designated independent contractors.NEW DELHI — Ford Motor Co is nearing a deal with Mahindra & Mahindra to form a new joint-venture company in India, a move that will likely see the U.S. automaker cease independent operations in the country, two sources with direct knowledge of the talks told Reuters.The deal would make Ford the latest automaker to pare back its interests in India. At the end of 2017, General Motors Co downsized its Indian operations and stopped selling cars locally, dealing a blow to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's strategy to encourage domestic manufacturing.Over two decades, Dearborn, Michigan-based Ford invested more than $2 billion in India but has consistently struggled - it currently has a market share of just 3 percent in India, one of the world's fastest-growing car markets.Under the terms of the deal being negotiated, Ford will form a new unit in India in which it will hold a 49 percent stake, while Mahindra will own 51 percent, the two sources said.The U.S. carmaker's Indian unit will transfer most of its current automotive business to the new entity, including its assets and employees, according to one of the sources. "It's like a partial exit (for Ford from India)," the source said.The deal is expected to close within 90 days, the sources said, adding the value of the transaction was not yet clear. They spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter.Ford said it does not comment on speculation, but added both companies continue to work together "to develop avenues of strategic cooperation that help us achieve commercial, manufacturing and business efficiencies".Mahindra too said it does not comment on speculation. It said in a statement it was "working together in identified areas" with Ford after a 2017 partnership arrangement, and "will announce further definitive agreements as we progress on some of the other areas." Currently, Ford manufactures and sells its cars in India through its wholly-owned subsidiary. In 2017, it formed a strategic alliance with Mahindra under which, among other things, they will build new cars together, including sport-utility vehicles and electric variants.Ford has been globally restructuring its businesses with an aim to save $11 billion over the next few years. Last month, its Russian joint venture said it would close two assembly plants and an engine factory in Russia, exiting the country's passenger vehicle market.TOUGH MARKETIndia has been a major growth area for global car manufacturers but growth has slowed of late - car sales grew by 3 percent to just over 3.3 million units in the last fiscal year to March 31, compared with 8 percent the previous year.Even so, India is set to become the world's third-largest car market by 2023 with sales of over 5 million cars annually, according to forecasting firm IHS Markit.Ford's decision is a stark reminder of how most foreign automakers have struggled to make major inroads in India, a market dominated by players such as Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai Motor Co.Ford sold close to 93,000 vehicles in India last fiscal year, a far cry from market leader Maruti Suzuki which commands a 51 percent market share and sold more than 1.7 million cars.Automakers such as Maruti benefit in India from their vast dealership network and an autonomous local team that can quickly react to market changes.One of the sources said the Ford-Mahindra deal would lead to more affordable Ford cars in the country, as the company would not need to pay any royalty to its global parent, as the Indian unit has to now.The funds that accrue to Ford's India unit because of the deal will also be used to clear some of its accumulated losses, the two sources said.Puneet Gupta, associate director at IHS Markit, said the deal would help Ford and Mahindra launch new models at a faster pace and lower development cost, which is critical to success in a price sensitive market like India."It's a win-win situation for both," Gupta said. (Reporting by Aditya Kalra and Aditi Shah in New Delhi; Additional reporting by Ben Klayman in Detroit; Editing by Sanjeev Miglani and Mark Potter)Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Here’s your checklist of everything to know in business and tech for the coming week, so you can feel up-to-date and well-rounded even if all you want to talk about is Meghan Markle’s baby. (Any day now!) Enjoy the rest of your weekend.MARCH 24-30 What’s Up? Follow the MoneyEight members of the Sackler family, owners of the pharmaceutical company that makes the potent (and highly addictive) opioid OxyContin, have been sued for fraud by New York State. They are accused of hiding profits and siphoning hundreds of millions of dollars from their company, Purdue Pharma, into personal offshore accounts while the business was under investigation for its role in stoking the opioid epidemic. Since OxyContin came on the market in 1996, more than 200,000 people in the United States have died from overdoses involving prescription opioids, and the Sacklers have become one of the country’s wealthiest families. Unicorn StampedeIf you take a Lyft this week, pay attention — does it feel any different to use the world’s first publicly traded ride-hailing platform? Perhaps not, but at least you’re both going places. The company made its market debut on Friday, hitting the Nasdaq with much fanfare at $72 a share. It finished its first day of trading at $78.29 (putting its value at more than $26.4 billion), and its Silicon Valley brethren will be closely watching its progress. A wave of other big tech start-ups — known as “unicorns” once they cross the threshold of a $1 billion dollar valuation, although these are now technically “decacorns” — plan to follow in Lyft’s footsteps later this year, including Uber (Lyft’s bigger competitor), Slack, Pinterest and Postmates. Apple Branches OutApple is turning over a new leaf — or several. The tech company plans this fall to start streaming original programming and shows from partnering networks on an app called Apple TV Plus, intended to rival Netflix and HBO. It’s also rolling out a news service that charges users $10 a month to access over 300 different publications, some of which charge subscription fees otherwise. Plus, it’s introducing more games. And — why not? — a credit card with Goldman Sachs. It’s all part of a larger plan to diversify beyond hardware products like iPhones, which haven’t been bringing in as much revenue lately. MARCH 31-APRIL 6What’s Next? From Bad to WorseWhat’s to become of Brexit? As its original deadline of March 29 came and went, Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union is a bigger mess than ever. The British Parliament rejected Prime Minister Theresa May’s last-ditch effort to pass her plan on Friday, even when she played her final bargaining chip — her own seat, which she offered to give up if opposing lawmakers would agree to the deal. That wasn’t enough. Now, Britain is lurching toward a potential “no-deal” Brexit on April 12. That could have catastrophic consequences for its economy and send shock waves through Europe and beyond. Flight FixesLook out for more definitive news about what may have caused the two deadly Boeing 737 Max plane crashes, and what Boeing and the Federal Aviation Authority plan to do about it. Investigators reached a preliminary conclusion on Thursday that a glitchy system kicked in right before the Ethiopian Airlines flight went down earlier this month. Boeing has proposed updating the software and making other changes to the planes, which have been grounded for more than two weeks. The fixes would give pilots more control over the flight system and make it less likely to be set off by faulty data. Boeing didn’t provide a timeline for carrying out the fixes, since it needs the F.A.A. — also under intense scrutiny over its certification of the jet — to give its blessing first. What’s Mine Is MineIf you’re sick of the trade war between the United States and China, imagine how the negotiators on both sides feel at this point. Chinese officials will fly back to Washington this week to continue talks, just days after American representatives visited Beijing. But the needle is moving on one major sticking point: intellectual property. American companies have complained of pressure to share their proprietary technology as a condition of working with Chinese business partners, only to see that technology adopted by Chinese competitors. As part of a trade deal, the United States wants to put a lid on this practice, and officials say that progress is finally being made. What Else?Facebook has been accused of causing housing discrimination by allowing advertisers to target ads on the platform based on characteristics like race, religion and national origin. Separately, the platform announced a ban on all white nationalist content after a New Zealand gunman used social media to post live video of his attacks on two mosques. In other news, Wow Air, an Icelandic budget airline, ceased operations with no warning on Thursday, leaving passengers stranded. And speaking of dud flights: The first all-female spacewalk was canceled when astronauts couldn’t find spacesuits to fit them at the International Space Station.Good Wednesday. Want this by email? Sign up here.Breaking down the speechIn his 82-minute address last night, President Trump cited U.S. economic growth and his efforts to keep it up, while attacking opponents in a speech that ostensibly called for unity in Washington. Here are the highlights for the business world:Mr. Trump defended his economic record. He took credit for America’s robust economic health — a key message for his 2020 re-election campaign — and assailed critiques of his administration’s efforts, including tax cuts and loosened regulations. “An economic miracle is taking place in the United States — and the only thing that can stop it are foolish wars, politics or ridiculous partisan investigations,” he said.He kept pressure on China. Mr. Trump promoted his administration’s trade battle with Beijing, saying, “We are now making it clear to China that after years of targeting our industries, and stealing our intellectual property, the theft of American jobs and wealth has come to an end.” Talks between Washington and Beijing over a compromise are continuing.And he painted his potential rivals as socialists. As Democratic presidential contenders promote policies like Medicare for all, Mr. Trump tried to paint them as peddlers of dangerous ideas. “Here in the United States, we are alarmed by new calls to adopt socialism in our country,” he said.What didn’t he talk about? “Trump’s speech was notable for what he did not mention, including the ballooning federal debt, once a centerpiece of the Republican agenda; nor did he talk about Social Security, Medicare or other entitlements,” Philip Rucker and Toluse Olorunnipa of the WaPo write. Democrats fought back. Stacey Abrams, the party’s nominee for Georgia’s governorship last year, focused on “outlining the party’s vision for lower health care costs and a more inclusive immigration policy, and pressing her case that access to the voting booth should be easier, not harder.”Goldman may shrink its onetime trading powerhouseSteep cuts could hit Goldman Sachs’s commodities arm, which once generated huge profits for the firm, Liz Hoffman of the WSJ reports, citing unnamed sources.What may happen: “Executives are discussing pulling back from trading iron ore, platinum and other metals, and are ordering cost cuts to the sprawling logistics network that handles the transport and storage of physical commodities,” Ms. Hoffman writes.The context: The business was once one of Wall Street’s most envied money makers. But such trading has suffered in recent years, thanks to changing markets and tighter regulations. And Goldman’s current C.E.O., David Solomon, cut his teeth as an investment banker and is focused on operations like lending and asset management.The symbolism: “By taking a knife to the business, Mr. Solomon is sending a message down the ranks that nothing is sacred,” Ms. Hoffman writes.Why are stocks rising on mediocre earnings?In recent weeks, several companies — including Ford, G.E., JPMorgan Chase and Wynn Resorts — have missed Wall Street forecasts, only to see their stock prices rise. It’s a classic relief rally, writes Matt Phillips of the NYT:• “Stocks of companies that have reported their results have risen by an average of 1.1 percent, the largest post-earnings jump in a decade.”• “With the Federal Reserve backing off plans to aggressively hike interest rates, more investors view the market’s downturn last year as overdone. And they are giving rousing ovations to corporate results just because they’re not as bad as they could have been.”• “Analysts said that the current tendency in the markets to see the glass as half-full reflects widespread relief among investors that a recession and a sharp slump in earnings are not in the cards any time soon.”• “Some analysts said that stocks could keep climbing as the market’s rock-bottom expectations keep getting surpassed.”• “At the same time, there is a danger that the stock market’s rise could paper over the genuine problems for the economy that are popping up in fourth-quarter results.”A peek inside Wisconsin’s disastrous deal with FoxconnWhen the Chinese electronics manufacturer Foxconn decided to set up shop in the Midwest, President Trump hailed the move as “one of the great deals ever.” But Bloomberg Businessweek, which interviewed 49 people familiar with the project, reports how badly the effort has gone.The plan was to create a high-tech manufacturing hub. It was to be led by a Mount Pleasant plant housing a large chunk of Foxconn’s LCD TV production. “As Foxconn has discovered, there is no better place to build, hire, and grow than right here in the U.S.,” Mr. Trump said at the time, promising that it would create as many as 13,000 jobs.But manufacturing hasn’t taken off. “LCD components weren’t made in the U.S.A., according to sources familiar with the operation,” Austin Carr of Businessweek writes. “They were shipped from a Foxconn factory in Tijuana. The Wisconsin plant was only handling the last steps of assembly.” He adds that “during 2018, the company tried and failed to produce its own LCD materials at scale in Wisconsin so it wouldn’t have to import them from Mexico.”Nor has pay or recruitment. “Pay at the factory started at about $14 an hour with no benefits, much less than the $23 average Foxconn promised. Many people weren’t hired full time,” Mr. Carr writes. “Last fall, the company’s hiring targets began dropping internally,” he adds, with Foxconn importing foreign staff for some roles.Tracking the biggest public company? Good luckKeeping hold of the title of most valuable American company is proving to be difficult, Stephen Grocer of the NYT writes:• “The positions of Apple, Microsoft, and Amazon have been flip-flopping since the wipeout in the iPhone maker’s stock price late last year.”• “The mantle has changed hands seven times among the three companies. Three of those switches have taken place over the past week as the big tech companies reported quarterly results.”• “The competition reflects the global economic concerns hanging over the markets as well as the changing technology landscape, and it’s a shift from past years.”Blankfein vs. Sanders over stock buybacksA bill introduced by Senators Chuck Schumer and Bernie Sanders to limit companies’ ability to buy back stock drew outrage from many in the corporate world — and tempted Goldman Sachs’s former C.E.O. Lloyd Blankfein to tweet for the first time in nearly seven months.Mr. Blankfein’s take: “A company used to be encouraged to return money to shareholders when it couldn’t reinvest in itself for a good return,” he tweeted. “The money doesn’t vanish, it gets reinvested in higher growth businesses that boost the economy and jobs. Is that bad?”Mr. Sanders’s retort: The senator shot back that a buyback, “increases the wealth of billionaires” like Mr. Blankfein. “Instead of making the very rich even richer, how about increasing wages for American workers. Is that a bad idea?”More buyback news: SoftBank of Japan plans to spend $5.5 billion of proceeds from the listing of its telecommunications arm to repurchase stock.Taxpayers paid almost $1 million a day for Trump’s Mar-a-Lago tripsThe Government Accountability Office has published a report of the president’s travel expenses, which show the cost of his visits to his Florida holiday home:• From Feb. 3 to March 5 in 2017, Mr. Trump spent portions of 14 days at the holiday home. The G.A.O. said that those trips had cost a total of $13.6 million, or just less than $1 million per day.• The costs included travel and accommodations, Secret Service expenses and bomb detection. Almost $60,000 was paid directly to Mar-a-Lago.• The Democratic senators Dianne Feinstein and Gary Peters, who requested the report, said the findings provide “a snapshot of the tens of millions of dollars President Trump spends to travel to his Palm Beach resort — all at taxpayer expense — including government funds that are paid directly to a business in which the president himself has a financial interest.”Revolving doorAngela Ahrendts will step down as Apple’s retail chief in April after a five-year run. She’ll be succeeded by Deirdre O’Brien, the company’s head of human resources.SeaWorld Entertainment said it would hire Gus Antorcha, who was most recently Carniva Cruise Line’s chief operating officer, as its new C.E.O.Goldman Sachs promoted Nick Giovanni to co-head of its global tech, media and telecom investment banking team.The speed readDeals• Reddit is reportedly raising as much as $300 million in fresh capital at a valuation of about $2.7 billion. (TechCrunch)• Tyson Foods has reportedly held talks to buy Foster Farms, a producer of chicken products, for about $2 billion. (CNBC)• Qatar Petroleum and Exxon Mobil plan to invest $10 billion in a Texas hub for exporting natural gas. (NYT)• The activist investor Edward Bramson has renewed his push for a seat on the board of Barclays. (Bloomberg)• Microsoft led a $250 million investment in Databricks, a self-professed “boring A.I.” start-up, at a $2.75 billion valuation. (Bloomberg)• Spotify has struck deals to buy Gimlet Media, the podcast production company, and Anchor, a start-up that helps people make their own podcasts. (Recode)• The E.U. has blocked a merger of the rail divisions of Siemens and Alstom, saying the deal reduced competition too much. (European Commission)Politics and policy• Imaad Zuberi, a venture capitalist and longtime Democratic donor who later gave to Republicans after the 2016 campaign, has drawn scrutiny in a federal inquiry into President Trump’s inauguration. (NYT)• Federal prosecutors are investigating foreign payments to three law and lobbying firms — Mercury Public Affairs; the Podesta Group; and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom — recruited by Paul Manafort. (NYT)• A bipartisan group of senators proposed reimposing sanctions on ZTE if the Chinese telecom company again violates U.S. laws. (CNBC)• The Trump administration has sought to shore up support for its pick to lead the World Bank, David Malpass, ahead of an expected announcement of the nomination today. (WSJ)• Mr. Trump plans to meet with Kim Jong-un of North Korea in Vietnam later this month to revive their nuclear-weapons talks. (NYT)Trade• The Chinese government says that a U.S. report on its compliance with World Trade Organization rules is incorrect. (Reuters)• The U.S. has become Britain’s top oil supplier for the first time since the Suez crisis in 1956. (FT)• U.S. soybean farmers say they don’t share President Trump’s optimism about the sale of their crops to China. (Business Insider)Tech• France ordered Apple to pay back taxes that could amount to hundreds of millions of euros. (FT)• Snap’s stock price jumped over 20 percent after disclosing record revenues — but Bloomberg warns that “not performing terrible is not the same as performing well.” (WSJ, Bloomberg Opinion)• Huawei could face a 5G ban in Canada. (Bloomberg)• China’s economic slowdown is hurting its tech start-ups. (WSJ)• Facebook has taken down 22 more pages linked to the Infowars founder Alex Jones. And here’s an antitrust argument for blocking the social network’s plan to integrate its messaging services. (Recode, NYT Op-Ed)• Tesla has again cut the price of its cheapest Model 3, this time by $1,100. (CNBC)Best of the rest• Deutsche Bank says that the German economy is inching toward recession. (Bloomberg)• Blackstone is pulling back on plans to invest billions of dollars across Africa. It has also started a fight with an Italian media mogul. (WSJ, FT)• Some central banks have gold fever, and that might actually be sensible. (Breakingviews)• Walt Disney revealed its plans for a new service to rival Netflix. And the BBC and Discovery have joined forces for a streaming service focused on wildlife shows. (WSJ, FT)• The Federal Reserve will include high unemployment in its 2019 stress test scenarios for big banks. (WSJ)• Nissan and Renault aren’t done feuding in the wake of the Carlos Ghosn scandal. (WSJ)• Business leaders should revisit their yearbooks in light of the Ralph Northam scandal. (WSJ)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you tomorrow.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com.Good Thursday. (Want this by email? Sign up here.)Brand Trump takes a beating in CongressYesterday’s testimony by Michael Cohen, President Trump’s former personal lawyer, before the House Oversight Committee was full of theatrics. But between allegations of presidential lawbreaking and racism were revelations about how the Trump Organization operated. They weren’t flattering.Mr. Trump inflated his net worth to apply for bank loans, according to Mr. Cohen. When he asked Deutsche Bank for financing to buy the Buffalo Bills, he claimed to have $4 billion in unquantified “brand value.” He also exaggerated the value of properties, according to financial statements that Mr. Cohen gave to the House.Democratic lawmakers pushed Mr. Cohen to talk about other kinds of fraud. Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, for instance, asked him whether Mr. Trump inflated the value of assets when insuring them. “Yes,” he replied.The testimony may have hurt Mr. Trump’s inner circle. Potential victims: Donald Trump Jr. and Allen Weisselberg, the Trump Organization’s C.F.O., both of whom were said to have played a role in hush-money payments to the porn star Stormy Daniels; Ivanka Trump, who was involved in plans to build a tower in Moscow; and Jay Sekulow, a White House lawyer whom Mr. Cohen accused of altering testimony to Congress.Mr. Cohen hinted that more could be revealed. He told lawmakers that he couldn’t answer questions about his last conversation with the president because it was “being investigated right now” by federal prosecutors.Mr. Trump’s woes certainly aren’t over. Five House committees are investigating his business dealings, and federal prosecutors in New York are still looking at matters that involved Mr. Cohen.The China trade deal won’t be perfectRobert Lighthizer, the president’s top trade adviser, warned lawmakers yesterday that hurdles remained to reaching a significant trade deal with China, Ana Swanson of the NYT reports:Plans to raise tariffs on Chinese goods are officially axed. Mr. Lighthizer, testifying before the House Ways and Means Committee, confirmed that the U.S. wouldn’t raise levies on $200 billion in Chinese imports after March 1.Mr. Lighthizer still plans to play hardball. He “told lawmakers that he and his negotiators are maintaining a tough line with the Chinese,” Ms. Swanson writes, “repeatedly using the word ‘if’ when talking about the potential for reaching a deal with Beijing.”And he insists that President Trump isn’t losing patience. “His instructions to me are: You have to get a great agreement. If we have no agreement, we’ll just wait until we can get a great agreement,” Mr. Lighthizer said.But success isn’t guaranteed. “Is this perfect? I’m not going to say it’s perfect,” Mr. Lighthizer said of the evolving deal. “But at least it’s leading to results where everything else didn’t.”More: The U.S. trade deficit in goods widened by 10 percent in December, despite the administration’s attempts to shrink it.Can America win the 5G race?The main topic at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, this week has been the long-hyped next generation of wireless networks, known as 5G, Adam Satariano of the NYT writes.The F.C.C.’s chairman says America is winning the race. “In my view we’re in the lead with respect to 5G,” the chairman, Ajit Pai, told the WSJ. He believes the agency is making progress in selling the necessary wireless spectrum and overhauling infrastructure.Not everyone agrees. Brent Skorup, who sits on the F.C.C.’s Broadband Deployment Advisory Committee, writes in a WSJ op-ed that “the U.S. has stumbled,” but “still has time to catch and pass China, the current leader — if the right policies are put in place on both the local and federal levels.”“A widely available, reliable 5G network will require hundreds of thousands of new transmitter sites, and on that score the U.S. trails badly,” Mr. Skorup writes. Private industry will need to collaborate with the federal government, he cautions, adding that “with a combination of responsible use of public assets and light-touch regulation of 5G services, we can still win this race.”More: Here are all the 5G handsets announced so far.No deal for the U.S. and North KoreaToday was supposed to bring a denuclearization deal between America and North Korea. Instead, officials abruptly cut short a summit meeting between President Trump and North Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un. “Sometimes you have to walk,” Mr. Trump said at a news conference today.Blame sanctions. Mr. Trump told reporters that North Korea wanted all of the punishing economic sanctions against the country lifted, but America wouldn’t cooperate unless Mr. Kim agreed to give up all of his nuclear weapons.The announcement was a surprise, in part because Mr. Trump and Mr. Kim appeared to be getting along well. At one point, Mr. Trump called his counterpart “my friend.”The collapse of the talks was “a diplomatic failure after he had hoped his second summit with Kim, following their meeting last summer in Singapore, would produce demonstrable progress toward North Korea’s denuclearization,” the WaPo reports. Mr. Trump insisted that the two countries could resume talks in the future.Theresa May’s unlikely Brexit bouncebackA week ago, the British prime minister was on the brink of resignations by cabinet officials and a crushing defeat in Parliament over her Brexit plan. Now, she has won another two weeks to tweak her agreement and convince lawmakers to back it.Mrs. May won a set of votes last night that had previously threatened to undermine her control of the Brexit process. The victory followed a partial surrender: She agreed on Tuesday to give Parliament the option of seeking to delay Britain’s exit from the E.U.“Theresa May is closer to leading Britain out of the European Union with a Brexit deal than at any other point since her negotiations with Brussels began,” Therese Raphael of Bloomberg Opinion writes. Hard-line Euroskeptic M.P.s like Jacob Rees-Mogg have softened their opposition to Mrs. May’s plans, fearing that the alternative might be remaining in the E.U.But her offer of a potential delay could fall apart. President Emmanuel Macron said France might veto such a move “without a clear understanding of the aim that’s being pursued.”More: Britain’s opposition Labour Party formally backed a new referendum on Brexit. Britain won approval to remain in a key World Trade Organization agreement. And Norway’s $1 trillion wealth fund said it would continue to invest in Britain, on the basis that its 30-year time horizon wasn’t affected by political issues like Brexit.Upset by a lower tax refund? Don’t beNews stories about Americans outraged by smaller tax refunds are everywhere. But Neil Irwin of the Upshot says the furor isn’t rooted in logic.• “The tax law that President Trump signed at the end of 2017 reduced the average American household’s 2018 average federal income tax obligation by about $1,600, according to an analysis by the Tax Policy Center.”• But it meant that many workers prepaid less tax. The average tax refund filed through mid-February was down 17 percent from the same time last year, according to the I.R.S.• A dollar today is worth more than a dollar tomorrow, Mr. Irwin notes — which means a lower initial bill is worth more than a bigger refund.• Economists remain baffled by the phenomenon of people even wanting refunds. “Why do they want to make interest-free loans to the government?” asks Richard Thaler, the Nobel-winning economist.Have we hit peak car?Car ownership is falling out of fashion — under pressure from rising prices, tightening environmental rules, ride-hailing competition and the promise of a self-driving future. In its latest cover story, Bloomberg Businessweek argues that trend could continue:• “A decade ago the auto industry predicted annual global vehicle sales would top 100 million by now, but they’ve stalled instead, falling to 94.2 million last year, down 1 million from 2017.”• “Major urban centers such as London, Madrid, and Mexico City are restricting cars’ access. Such constraints, plus the expansion of the sharing economy and the advent of the autonomous age, have made automakers nervous.”• “ ‘When you put all these trends together, you’re going to see a cap on personal vehicle ownership start to emerge,’ says Mike Ramsey, an automotive consultant with researcher Gartner Inc. ‘We are near peak car.’ ”• “Rather than signaling the end of the road for the automobile, peak car is a reflection that reurbanization and the widespread adoption of mobile apps that can summon a vehicle on demand will lessen the need for many of the 1.3 billion vehicles now on the road.”• “Automakers may talk a good game about moving metal, but increasingly they’re chasing profits expected to come from services that charge by the mile.”Too few women get legal workplace equalityA new World Bank report examined 35 indicators of legal equality in 187 countries to understand how easy it is for women to work and earn money.It rates only six countries as giving women full legal equality: Belgium, Denmark, France, Latvia, Luxembourg and Sweden. By its measures, none did so a decade ago. America isn’t even in its top 60 countries for legal environments that help promote gender parity in the workplace.That’s a problem. “Economies that failed to implement reforms toward gender equality over the past 10 years, for example, saw a smaller increase in the percentage of women working overall and in the percentage of women working relative to men,” Kristalina Georgieva, the World Bank Group’s interim president, writes.“If women have equal opportunities to reach their full potential, the world would not only be fairer, it would be more prosperous as well,” she said in a statement. “Change is happening, but not fast enough.”More: How income inequality can affect mental health.Revolving doorCBS reportedly plans to choose its next chief executive by the end of March, with the interim C.E.O., Joseph Ianniello, and Hasbro’s chief, Brian Goldner, seen as front-runners.The law firm Freshfields hired Aimen Mir, a former Treasury Department official who oversaw the American panel responsible for national security reviews of transactions, as a partner.The speed readDealsOne of Bristol-Myers Squibb’s biggest shareholders, Wellington Management, opposes its $74 billion bid for Celgene. (WSJ)Elliott Management has demanded seats on the boards of several Hyundai companies. (Bloomberg)The German pharmaceutical and chemicals company Merck bid $5.9 billion to buy Versum Materials, in the hope of breaking up a deal with a rival, Entegris. (FT)Disney is reportedly in talks to buy AT&T’s 10 percent stake in the streaming service Hulu. (Variety)KKR and Tencent Music are said to be weighing potential investments in Vivendi’s Universal Music unit. (Reuters)Politics and policyThe attorney general for the District of Columbia has subpoenaed documents from President Trump’s inaugural committee. (NYT)The House voted yesterday to require background checks for all gun buyers, the biggest gun-control bill that it has passed in 25 years. (NYT)Beto O’Rourke is reportedly close to announcing that he will run for president in 2020. (Dallas Morning News)State intervention in companies is making a comeback in Europe. (Bloomberg)TechHere are 10 breakthrough technologies that Bill Gates says will change the world. (MIT Technology Review)Could Elon Musk talk himself into a Tesla buyout? Also, look out for an announcement from the company at 5 p.m. Eastern today. (Breakingviews, Twitter)Facebook says it fired an employee who leaked internal communications about content moderation to a group accusing the company of bias against conservatives. (Verge)The F.T.C. announced a $5.7 million settlement with Musical.ly over accusations that the company’s app illegally collected children’s personal information. (NYT)Best of the restWhy are there suddenly so many $100 bills? (CNBC)As its economy sags, China is reportedly facing job losses and troubling infrastructure debt. (CNBC, WSJ)The venture capitalist Michael Moritz will sponsor the Booker Prize for the next five years. (FT)How debt makes the markets volatile. (WSJ op-ed)The stock rout at the end of 2018 reportedly wiped $1 trillion off the fortunes of the world’s richest individuals. (AP)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you tomorrow.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com.Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Here’s your weekly smorgasbord of all the tech and business news you missed, plus what you should know heading into Monday. Enjoy the beginning of baseball season if that’s your thing, or the rest of the first week of spring if it’s not.March 17-23What’s Up? Hold It Right ThereGood news for your loans: The Fed indicated Wednesday that interest-rate increases are probably off the table for the rest of the year. Now the bad news: The economy may be slowing faster than some people — like President Trump — would like to think. The central bank lowered its growth forecast to 2.1 percent, down from its 2.3 percent prediction in December — and well below the 3.2 percent that the White House envisions. Why the cool-off? The afterglow of the 2017 tax cuts has waned, the China trade war doesn’t seem to be ending anytime soon and other countries’ economies are stagnating.Safety FirstBoeing took its first major customer blow since two of its 737 Max 8 jets crashed within five months of each other. Although no one knows what exactly caused the incidents yet, Indonesia’s national airline asked on Friday to cancel an order of 49 planes, worth $4.9 billion. Boeing has been scrambling to “fix” its best-selling fleet, which is currently grounded, by standardizing extra safety features and rolling out a software update.Theresa’s MaydayEuropean Union leaders took mercy on British Prime Minister Theresa May on Thursday by granting an extension to the March 29 deadline for Britain’s withdrawal from the bloc. It comes with conditions, though. If Mrs. May can convince Parliament to accept her Brexit plan in the next week, then she’ll have until May 22 to enact it. But they’ve already rejected it twice, so that could be a nonstarter. Which brings us to plan B: Britain gets a shorter delay, until April 12, although it’s hard to believe anything could be solved by then. Plan C is that Britain could ask for even more time.March 24-30What’s Next? Your Ride Is HereReady for the next wave of hot stocks? This Friday, ride-hailing company Lyft is shooting for the biggest initial public offering the tech world has seen since 2014 (when the juggernaut Alibaba went public at $169 billion). Lyft hopes to be valued at an optimistic $23 billion, considerably more than the $15.1 billion valuation from its last private funding round. Silicon Valley will be watching closely. A number of other young tech companies are planning to follow in Lyft’s I.P.O. footsteps shortly, including Lyft’s biggest rival, Uber (whose valuation goal dwarfs Lyft’s, at $120 billion), as well as Pinterest, Slack and Postmates.A Battle on Two FrontsThe costly trade war between the United States and China shows no signs of concluding, despite Mr. Trump’s claims of progress. His delegates will travel to Beijing this week for another round of negotiations, followed by yet more talks in Washington in April. Perhaps complicating matters, Mr. Trump announced this week that he’ll probably keep high tariffs on Chinese goods in place even if an agreement is reached, just to make sure China holds up its end. Chinese President Xi Jinping will meet with European leaders soon in an attempt to keep trade relations from getting messy there, too. (None of this is helping China’s flagging economy, by the way.)More iStuffApple will unveil new products on Monday at a media event at its headquarters in Cupertino, Calif. One will be a new video streaming service that’s meant to compete with Netflix, Amazon and HBO. Another is a souped-up version of its Apple News app, which will offer a new paid tier that gives readers access to articles from participating magazines and news outlets that otherwise require a subscription. Apple is still hammering out partnerships with those publications, as many have balked at the terms it’s demanding.What Else?It was a big week for clothes. In honor of Levi Strauss & Company’s I.P.O., traders got to go wild and wear jeans on the stock exchange floor. (The company’s stock price rose 32 percent on its first day of trading.) Also improving wardrobes as well as the bottom line: Rent the Runway, which allows women to rent and return designer items, is now valued at $1 billion after its latest round of funding. And Instagram is rolling out a new feature that will make it even easier to shop straight from your feed without leaving the app (or your bed).Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Welcome to a quick catch-up on this week’s news in business and tech, so you can sound smart and well-read on Monday even if you spent most of your weekend scrolling through strangely cute pictures of vermin. Here’s your cheat sheet. FEB. 24-MarCH 2What’s Up? Through the MudIf you didn’t spend your Wednesday glued to the riveting testimony of Michael Cohen, President Trump’s former lawyer and fixer, you’ve no doubt heard the more salacious details by now (hush money to a porn star, etc.). But Mr. Cohen also made new accusations about his former client’s business practices. He said that Mr. Trump inflated his net worth to qualify for bigger bank loans, misrepresented the value of properties to avoid taxes and exaggerated the value of his assets when insuring them — in other words, committed fraud. Those revelations could pose problems not only for Mr. Trump, but also for his inner circle, including his daughter Ivanka Trump and son Donald Trump Jr. Just Can’t Help HimselfTesla’s chief executive, Elon Musk, went rogue on Twitter — again. The Securities and Exchange Commission wants to hold him in contempt of court for tweeting about production forecasts last week, which violated the terms of a settlement he made with the agency last year. (The S.E.C. sued him over misleading Twitter posts about taking his company private, and his legal team is now supposed to review any tweets with material information before he sends them — which didn’t happen, in this case.) In related news, Tesla is finally taking orders for the long-promised $35,000 version of its Model 3 sedan. But it had to cut significant costs in other areas — like in its work force — to do so. A Breakup at the MallHopefully, they can still be friends. Gap Inc. said on Thursday that it would split into two companies, one that’s just Old Navy — the star moneymaker — and the other containing Gap, Banana Republic, and the newer labels Athleta and Hill City. Gap the brand has been dragging down Gap the company for quite some time (its sales fell 5 percent last year) while Old Navy has grown like gangbusters and can now proceed unfettered. So what’s Gap doing wrong? Analysts say it failed to hold onto the baby boomers who loved its turtlenecks and jeans in the ’90s, while millennials are turning to cheaper options — and Old Navy has the better deals. MARCH 3-9What’s Next? Is It Over Yet?American farmers are bearing the brunt of the China trade war, defaulting on their loans at the highest rate in nine years. But Mr. Trump has said he’s anticipating “some very big news over the next week or two” about a deal. Last Friday was supposed to be the hard deadline for an agreement between the two governments, or else Mr. Trump would raise tariffs on Beijing to more punitive levels. But the administration backed off its big-stick posturing last week, dropping the deadline in light of “significant progress” in negotiations. Mr. Trump’s advisers were more cautiously optimistic about striking a deal, while many members of Congress remain skeptical of its terms. Up and AwayWhat better name for a new spacecraft than “Crew Dragon”? NASA and SpaceX are sending the capsule on its maiden voyage to the International Space Station this week. No humans are aboard this test flight, but ultimately the Crew Dragon is intended to carry astronauts — making it the first passenger-friendly ship that NASA has launched since the Atlantis space shuttle completed its final mission in 2011. Since then, NASA has had to buy rides to the International Space Station aboard Russian spacecraft, an arrangement that the Crew Dragon is expected to end. Art With a Mind of Its OwnIt looks weird, and it should — it’s artwork “curated” by artificial intelligence, and it will be the first of its medium sold at auction this Wednesday at Sotheby’s. Created by the artist Mario Klingemann, the installation consists of two framed screens that use neural networks to “think” for themselves, shifting into an endless stream of (rather creepy) portraits that the machine “imagines” in real time. No two faces that it depicts are alike, so every viewer gets a unique show. The piece is expected to fetch up to $52,000 — and perhaps whet the art market’s appetite for more of its kind. What Else?HBO’s chief executive, Richard Plepler, who ushered in a heyday for cable with shows like “The Sopranos” and “Sex and the City,” abruptly stepped down after 27 years at the network. Millions of people in Uganda have quit the internet after the government imposed taxes on the use of social media platforms like Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter. Walmart is doing away with its greeters — those people in blue vests who stand at the store entrance and seem way too happy to see you — which may put many employees with disabilities out of a job. And a new report showed that economic growth in the United States is not as peppy as some people (including Mr. Trump) predicted, as the effects of tax cuts and other economic stimuli fade.Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Welcome to your quick and painless summary of tech and business news. You don’t need reminding that it’s the shortest weekend of the year; make the most of it.MARCH 3-9What’s Up? Pull Up a Digital ChairFacebook, the platform known for sharing your personal information with the world whether you like it or not, is going for a more discreet vibe these days. The company’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, wants to nudge users toward “private” messaging and away from blasting their networks with status updates, a trend he says is already underway. He likened his new vision, which will integrate other Facebook-owned platforms like Instagram and WhatsApp, to a “digital living room” where people can have intimate discussions secure from outsiders. (He emphasized the term “encrypted.”) It’s unclear how this pivot will affect Facebook’s business model, and critics have pointed out the obvious paradox of a company known for playing fast and loose with users’ data suddenly espousing privacy protection.Still Hiring, but BarelyYet another sign that the country’s economy may be cooling: February’s disappointing jobs numbers. Only 20,000 new jobs were added, far less than the 175,000 that analysts had predicted. It’s the weakest report since September 2017, but on the upside, it still marks the 101st consecutive month of growth. Wall Street got good news this past week as regulators eased their oversight of the nation’s biggest banks. The policy shift is part of the Trump administration’s promise to call off the watchdogs put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, rules that the financial industry has criticized as hampering economic growth. While these rollbacks may help stoke markets, they could also lead to a less transparent financial system — and a repeat of past mistakes. Out of the KitchenGo back to enjoying your pasta: The Italian food impresario Mario Batali has formally exited his dining empire. More than a year after multiple women accused him of sexual harassment and assault, he “will no longer profit from the restaurants in any way, shape or form,” said Tanya Bastianich Manuali, who will run the remaining 16 establishments in Mr. Batali’s former portfolio. She and her brother, Mr. Batali’s erstwhile business partner Joe Bastianich, bought the disgraced chef’s shares in the Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group for an undisclosed sum. Mr. Batali will also hand over the keys to Eataly, the chain of Italian food emporiums. MARCH 10-16What’s Next? Tesla Thinks BiggerIf you’ve been holding out for a Tesla that can fit your family and Elon Musk’s ego, the automaker will unveil its new crossover S.U.V., the Model Y, at the company’s Los Angeles design studio this week. Mr. Musk, the chief executive, said that the Model Y will be about 10 percent roomier than the Model 3 sedan, have slightly less battery range and come at a higher price. Tesla could certainly use the revenue boost. In its effort to sell the Model 3 for a long-promised $35,000, it’s had to lay off workers, close showrooms and cut other costs — moves that have battered its stock price. Eyes on 2020Wondering what the growing crowd of presidential candidates will be talking about this coming week, in addition to the country’s new record-high trade deficit? Well, President Trump is expected to deliver his budget proposal for 2020 this Monday, about a month late because of the government shutdown earlier this year. Lower tax revenue and increased government spending have driven up annual budget deficits, which now are expected to exceed $1 trillion starting in 2022, according to the Congressional Budget Office. But Mr. Trump is likely to play down those numbers and focus on spending cuts instead. A Reckoning for BrexitIt’s understandable if you’ve been ignoring the Brexit commotion; all that back-and-forth was getting tedious. But now is the time to start paying attention, as talks come down to the wire. Britain’s House of Commons will vote on the latest version of Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit plan this Tuesday. If it is rejected — as it probably will be — then Parliament will vote on whether to leave the European Union without a deal or to delay Britain’s departure beyond the original March 29 deadline. Either way, the path doesn’t look smooth, and the European Central Bank is bracing itself. On Thursday, it abruptly reversed course and revived its stimulus measures.What Else?Uber will not be held criminally liable for the death of a woman who was hit by a self-driving test car in Arizona last year, although its safety driver — who was sitting in the driver’s seat at the time of the accident — still could face charges. In other news, a new cosmetics deal has made Kylie Jenner, at 21 years old, the world’s youngest “self-made” billionaire (the “self-made” label is up for debate, but hey, the money’s real). Perhaps she’ll buy this Bugatti, which set a record last week as the world’s most expensive car at $19 million.LONDON — Whitney Bromberg Hawkings never wanted to be a florist.“I still don’t dream of being a florist,” said the 44-year-old former communications director at Tom Ford. Yet there she was, sitting behind a big bunch of yellow parrot tulips at the headquarters of Flowerbx, her company in north London.Flowerbx, now four years old, has become the go-to florist in Europe for the fashion set — a consumer base that is as picky as it is needy when it comes to blooms. Louis Vuitton is Flowerbx’s biggest customer. (The sumptuous vegetal garlands for a V.I.P. client dinner last fall in the Orangerie at Versailles were Flowerbx work.) Another regular client is Dior. Ditto the Birley Group, owner of the clubs Annabel’s and Harry’s Bar. The River Café. Jimmy Choo. Tory Burch (in London and Paris). The Cheval Blanc hotel in Courchevel, France. Farfetch and the retailer Browns. Victoria and David Beckham have vase arrangements delivered weekly to their home and to the VB design studio.For Paris Fashion Week, Ms. Hawkings has been booked to decorate the Balmain post-show party and the Sonia Rykiel showroom. She is readying a small shop next to the Chiltern Firehouse hotel in London that she hopes to open in April. And in May, she plans to expand to New York. Her ambition: for Flowerbx to become the first international flower brand.Ms. Hawkings grew up in Dallas. Her mother was a chef and her father was a lawyer; neither was a gardener, so flowers didn’t have a regular presence in their home. At 23, freshly graduated from Columbia University with a degree in French literature, Ms. Hawkings landed a job in Paris as Mr. Ford’s personal assistant at Gucci, where he was creative director at the time. She quickly learned that flowers were vital to fashion: part of the “language,” she said.“With Tom, there was such a clear directive,” she said. “He would get so mad if he said, ‘I want to send white peonies,’ and they were yellow. I realized that there was this level of interpretation that florists have which I didn’t like.”She also realized that when Mr. Ford received flowers from fashion people, the bouquets were often a single variety, reflecting the sender’s taste. “Riccardo Tisci would send white roses,” she said. “Miuccia Prada would send pink roses. Karl Lagerfeld would send white orchids. Or I’d go to a chic house, like Tom’s, and there would be beautiful green hydrangeas in a vase, and that was it.” “I thought: ‘How come the fashion world does this, and the rest of the world hasn’t caught on? Why does everyone else have old-fashioned mixed arrangements that are so Dorchester hotel?’ It didn’t seem modern to me.”In May 2015, she began to think about what would happen if she treated flowers like a fashion brand. With varieties chosen by a creative department and a sharp logo (designed by her husband, Peter Hawkings, the senior vice president for Tom Ford men’s wear). She could democratize flowers and turn a mossy business into something hip and cool, and more affordable.“Usually, flowers go to a wholesale market like Covent Garden, where they sit for three or four days, then to a florist, where they sit a few more days,” Ms. Hawkings said. At each step, the price increases. Not so with Flowerbx. “You order the flowers, we cut them on your behalf in Holland,” she said. “They are delivered directly to you, within 24 hours. You buy the flowers before we buy them, so it’s a negative capital business. We offer fresher flowers at a better value. And we have no waste.”At first, she wanted to call the company Flowerbox because that is how the blooms would be packaged when they arrived at a customer’s door. But she couldn’t get rights to the web domain worldwide. “Then I said, ‘What if we just lose the ‘o’ in box? Like Spanx?’”She wrote a business plan, found a small warehouse — “a bike shed, really” — in the industrial neighborhood of North Acton, with easy access to central London. She leased a van, put up a website and financed the entire enterprise herself.In May 2016, she told Mr. Ford she was leaving after 19 years. “He cried, and I cried, and it was like the hardest breakup,” Ms. Hawkings recalled. But he became one of her early, and biggest, clients.“I let her do seasonal, big and tall — often branches, or pale Cymbidium orchids, since she knows my flower tastes,” Mr. Ford said. He also gives Flowerbx annual subscriptions to friends and colleagues. “And everyone says the flowers are always beautiful,” he said. “Whitney spent so many years battling with florists to get orders right for me. She knows.”She introduced the company that September by sending bouquets to 20 friends, like Alexandra Shulman, who then was editor of British Vogue; Elizabeth Saltzman, a Vanity Fair contributing editor; and Graham Norton, the British television talk show host. Some posted images of their Flowerbx bouquets on Instagram; Mr. Norton posted on Twitter about his delivery and the Flowerbx website had 150,000 hits the same day. Two weeks later, Ms. Saltzman called Ms. Hawkings and told her, “Michael Kors wants you to do the whole River Café in peonies.”“I was like, ‘Holy cow, I can meet my annual target with this one event!’” Ms. Hawkings said. Within six months, business soared. She needed another van. She needed more staff members. She couldn’t run the business and answer all the customer service calls. She needed money. She called Natalie Massenet, the founder of Net-a-Porter, who now runs a venture capital fund called Imaginary. Ms. Massenet had been one of Flowerbx’s first customers and had told her: “‘The second you need to raise money, let me know,’” Ms. Hawkings said. It was time.Ms. Massenet not only made a personal investment, she also introduced Ms. Hawkings to Mark Sebba, the former chief executive of Net-a-Porter. He, too, invested — giving the business a solid financial base — and also became Flowerbx’s chairman and Ms. Hawkings’s taskmaster. “He was like, ‘Your numbers aren’t right.’ ‘The meeting minutes aren’t right.’ He got us on track,” Ms. Hawkings said. “When we raised capital the second time, people said: ‘This is so sophisticated. You look like a business that’s 10 times your size.’” Mr. Sebba died from a heart attack last summer. His role hasn’t been filled, but in December Ms. Hawkings completed a fund-raising effort that pulled in $5.5 million.Last year, Flowerbx did $2.5 million in sales, Ms. Hawkings said. This year, she is aiming to top $6 million. If all goes according to her plan, by 2021, she’ll reach $30 million, and turn a profit. To achieve that, she has to expand her customer base beyond the fashion sphere, a shift that’s already happening.“A woman called this week,” Ms. Hawkings said during our discussion in late January. “They’re doing this huge thing at the Centre Pompidou in Paris and want us to handle the flowers.” Who were “they?”Knorr, the soup company.Michael D. Cohen, President Trump’s former lawyer and fixer, met last month with federal prosecutors in Manhattan, offering information about possible irregularities within the president’s family business and about a donor to the inaugural committee, according to people familiar with the matter.Mr. Cohen, who worked at the Trump Organization for a decade, spoke with the prosecutors about insurance claims the company had filed over the years, said the people, who did not elaborate on the nature of the possible irregularities.While it was not clear whether the prosecutors found Mr. Cohen’s information credible and whether they intended to pursue it, the meeting suggests that they are interested in broader aspects of the Trump Organization, beyond their investigation into the company’s role in the hush money payments made before the 2016 election to women claiming to have had affairs with Mr. Trump. Mr. Cohen pleaded guilty last summer to arranging those payments.The prosecutors also questioned Mr. Cohen about a donor to the president’s inaugural committee, Imaad Zuberi, a California venture capitalist and political fund-raiser, according to the people familiar with the matter, who were not authorized to discuss the confidential meeting. Around the time that Mr. Zuberi contributed $900,000 to the committee, he also tried to hire Mr. Cohen as a consultant and wrote him a substantial check, one of the people said.Although Mr. Cohen did not go through with the arrangement, he was building a consulting business at the time with clients who sought to understand and have access to the Trump administration.A spokesman for Mr. Zuberi, Steve Rabinowitz, confirmed the check on Friday, saying it was for $100,000 and never cashed. Mr. Zuberi, the only person directly referenced in a recent subpoena the prosecutors sent the inaugural committee, had previously denied having any dealings with Mr. Cohen beyond a few conversations.There was no indication that Mr. Cohen, who is scheduled to begin serving a three-year prison sentence in May, implicated Mr. Trump in the possible irregularities discussed during the meeting last month. If prosecutors concluded that Mr. Cohen’s information was truthful and valuable, they could ask the judge who sentenced him to reduce his prison term.The White House referred questions to the Trump Organization. A spokeswoman at the company did not respond to requests for comment. In the past, the president has accused Mr. Cohen of lying to try to reduce his sentence.Lanny Davis, a lawyer and adviser to Mr. Cohen, would not comment on the investigations beyond saying that his client was “interested in cooperating with and assisting” the prosecutors “in any way they believe is helpful.”A spokesman for the United States attorney’s office in Manhattan, known as the Southern District of New York, declined to comment.The prosecutors recently sought to interview Trump Organization executives, according to a person briefed on the request, which was previously reported by CNN. The nature of the questions they were seeking to ask was not known.So far, Mr. Cohen is the only person sentenced to significant prison time in various investigations connected to Mr. Trump.In August, Mr. Cohen pleaded guilty to breaking campaign finance laws for his role in the hush money payments, as well as tax and bank crimes. In a separate case brought by Robert S. Mueller III, the special counsel, Mr. Cohen pleaded guilty in November to lying to Congress about the timing of negotiations to build a Trump skyscraper in Moscow, and about the extent of Mr. Trump’s involvement in the plans.In a memo to the court before he was sentenced in December, Mr. Cohen’s lawyers wrote that he was being disproportionately punished for “conduct that is routinely pursued through noncriminal enforcement,” referring to his admission of tax evasion. His lawyers drew a comparison to celebrities who received either fines or far less time after being charged with extensive tax fraud.The session with the Southern District prosecutors was not the first time Mr. Cohen provided information that could possibly lead to a reduced sentence. Earlier, Mr. Cohen met twice with the prosecutors to assist their investigation of the payments to women, including the Trump Organization’s decision to reimburse Mr. Cohen for $130,000 he paid to the pornographic film actress Stormy Daniels.In an interview in December, Mr. Cohen told George Stephanopoulos of ABC News that he was “done with the lying.” He went on: “I am done being loyal to President Trump, and my first loyalty belongs to my wife, my daughter, my son and this country.Federal law allows prosecutors to seek — and a judge to grant — a reduced prison term for a defendant who offers “substantial assistance in investigating or prosecuting another person” within a year of being sentenced. The same rule would also allow the judge to consider assistance Mr. Cohen provided, before his sentencing, to the special counsel. Last year, he met seven times with prosecutors from Mr. Mueller’s office.The continued scrutiny of the Trump family business and inaugural committee from the Southern District comes as Mr. Mueller is said to be wrapping up his investigation. Once he completes a report with his findings, various aspects of his investigation are expected to live on in the Southern District and other United States attorneys offices.Mr. Cohen declined to seek a formal cooperation deal with the Southern District, which would have required him to disclose any crimes he had committed or had been aware of, and would have delayed his sentencing. His decision to forgo such an agreement most likely contributed to the severity of his sentence; his lawyer had argued for no prison time.Mr. Trump had offered a different view, saying late last year that Mr. Cohen should serve a “full and complete” prison sentence. And as Mr. Cohen remained in the spotlight as a likely witness before Congress, Mr. Trump intensified his attacks on his former employee, urging prosecutors and the media to scrutinize Mr. Cohen’s family.The attacks led Mr. Cohen to postpone a planned appearance before the House oversight committee earlier this month. But this week, the committee announced that the testimony was back on for next Wednesday and that Democrats planned to question Mr. Cohen about “the president’s business practices.”Mr. Cohen has also agreed to testify behind closed doors before the House and Senate Intelligence Committees.Mr. Cohen was originally scheduled to begin his prison term next month, but his lawyers cited the congressional testimony — as well as recent shoulder surgery — as a reason for a two-month delay. The judge overseeing Mr. Cohen’s case granted the request on Wednesday.WASHINGTON — The U.S. Chamber of Commerce took a close look at its congressional report card and gave itself a failing grade.After 40 years, the chamber, a powerful business organization, decided its method of rating and endorsing members of Congress was out of whack and could be contributing to the very gridlock it was hoping to break.Now the group, hoping to stir some bipartisanship on Capitol Hill, is overhauling its scoring system in hope of broadening its congressional base and rewarding those who reach across the aisle. It is a significant shift and represents the chamber’s recognition that a better functioning government might better serve its own interests — and its members — than persistent stalemate of the type that just caused a government shutdown, the longest on record.“We are going to give it a chance,” said Scott W. Reed, the chamber’s senior political strategist. “We are going to reach out our hand. We made a strategic decision that we have to change this.”The chamber’s decision also reflects how factions of the Republican Party — including President Trump himself — have moved away from traditional core positions of big business on issues like immigration, free trade and government programs that help its industry, such as the Export-Import Bank. The chamber strongly opposed the shutdown and called on Congress to adopt an immigration overhaul and end the impasse.The chamber is not the only conservative, business-allied organization that says it wants to encourage more bipartisan solutions. Bolstered by the success of criminal justice legislation passed last year with strong support from both parties, leaders of the political network directed by the billionaire brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch say they intend to focus more on building similar coalitions to take on stubborn issues.“This is the next major evolution of the Koch network,” said James Davis, a spokesman for the Koch group.Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, was not persuaded by the better governance pitch.“That’s a good instinct, but color me skeptical,” said Mr. Schumer, noting that the network continues to support divisive political candidates. “It seems that still the highest priority is to help the rich and powerful no matter how divisive it is.”Given its rightward bent, the chamber has always been more closely aligned with Republicans, though it typically tried to identify some Democrats it could get behind to demonstrate it was receptive to both parties.But in recent years, the chamber has come to support Republicans almost exclusively. The watchdog group Public Citizen found that in 2016, the chamber devoted all of its campaign money — nearly $30 million — to Republican candidates in primary and general elections, making it one of the largest outside players in congressional races.The numbers of more moderate Democrats have been decreasing as the party moved left. But even centrist Democrats who consider themselves business friendly found it increasingly hard to meet the standard for an endorsement from the chamber, which can translate into dollars, campaign support and trickle-down backing from businesses back home. The unlikelihood of winning the group’s support discouraged some Democrats who might have welcomed it from even trying to do so.The chamber endorsed 38 Democrats in 2008, but that number steadily declined to single digits until the group backed just five in 2016. The number ticked up to seven last year as the chamber stepped up its efforts to find Democrats it could back. In contrast, the chamber endorsed 191 Republicans in 2018, a not atypical number.The sharp imbalance prompted a rethinking at the chamber, where officials attribute part of the problem to the shifting dynamics of Congress. Compared to past years, there are fewer votes in the House and Senate, and the ones that occur are often tests of party loyalty, providing few opportunities for lawmakers to demonstrate independence.“It used to be a little easier to get votes on policies,” said Neil Bradley, an executive vice president at the chamber and a former top Republican leadership adviser on Capitol Hill. “We had a lot more open amendment process. There were opportunities for folks to demonstrate where they supported the business community. We are down in both bodies to binary choices that largely fall along partisan lines.”As a result, he and Mr. Reed decided the old system of basing endorsements solely on a willingness to vote the chamber position at least 70 percent of the time was not giving lawmakers credit for other bipartisan activity.Under the new approach, selected roll call votes will represent 80 percent of the total rating. But 10 percent will now be based on the number of chamber-endorsed bills that a lawmaker sponsors as well as the number of chamber-opposed bills a lawmaker doesn’t back even if the bills never get a vote. The final 10 percent will be based on a “bipartisan engagement score” that will be determined by the share of bills co-sponsored by a member that were introduced by someone in the opposite party.The chamber officials say the change will give lawmakers interested in showing bipartisanship and a pro-business sensibility a stronger chance to do so. “Now 20 percent of your score is totally within your control, what you decide to co-sponsor, what you decide not to co-sponsor,” Mr. Bradley said. “It is not up to leadership.”In developing the new approach, chamber officials consulted with Representative Josh Gottheimer of New Jersey, one of seven Democrats the chamber backed in the last election cycle. Mr. Gottheimer is also a leader of the bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus, which successfully lobbied Speaker Nancy Pelosi for new rules intended to promote more bipartisanship. He said he hoped the chamber’s scorecard switch builds on that effort and spurs more attempts by Republicans and Democrats to work together.“It is constructive,” said Mr. Gottheimer, whom the chamber endorsed at a July 2018 event in his district, which drew news coverage of chamber leaders praising his record and legislative approach. “We need to find ways to promote bipartisan governing.”In a demonstration of its new thinking, the chamber placed digital advertisements last Thursday in the districts of 20 House members — 10 Republicans, 10 Democrats — commending all of them for crossing party lines in an attempt to end the shutdown.The effect of the new initiatives, if any, will take some time to assess, and the partisanship may already run too deep to correct. But the chamber sees its new scorecard as one way to try to encourage more lawmakers looking for consensus to meet in the middle.Wendy MacNaughton is a graphic journalist based in San Francisco. You can find her via website and Instagram.Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Are you a Valentine’s Day person? If not, welcome to a growing club of detractors. Only 51 percent of Americans plan to celebrate the “holiday” in 2019, according to the National Retail Federation, marking a 12-year downward trend. But if you are an observer, how nice — for your loved ones. Retailers are expecting you to spend a record amount on presents this season (an average of $161.96, up 13 percent from 2018). At least you die-hard romantics are making up for the rest of us. Speaking of gifts, here’s mine to you: All you need to know about the latest business and tech news, gathered into one email that’ll set you up for the week ahead. Chocolates sold separately.FEB. 3-9What’s Up? Nothing to Hide HereJeff Bezos, Amazon’s chief executive and the wealthiest man in the world, accused the owner of The National Enquirer on Thursday of attempting to extort and blackmail him by using racy photos that Mr. Bezos had texted with his girlfriend, the former television host Lauren Sanchez. In a candid blog post, Mr. Bezos pasted emails from the tabloid’s representatives who threatened to release the images if he did not stop investigating how they had obtained his texts. “Of course I don’t want personal photos published, but I also won’t participate in their well-known practice of blackmail, political favors, political attacks and corruption,” Mr. Bezos wrote. Borrowers BewareIf you’ve ever considered going into crippling debt, the government just made it easier to do so. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said on Wednesday that it planned to eliminate Obama-era rules that protect consumers from taking on bigger loans than they can handle. Under the proposal, lenders would be able to grant high-interest payday loans (short-term loans intended to tide people over until their next paycheck) without making sure consumers can actually pay them off. And those lenders would be allowed to do so repeatedly, contributing to a cycle where borrowers spin into ballooning debt. The agency said its policy would give people more access to credit. But critics say it will help predatory lenders take advantage of people who already can’t make ends meet. A Green New UtopiaIt’s not just your imagination — the past five years have been the hottest on record in Earth’s history, according to data from NASA. The report set the stage for liberal Democrats to unveil their Green New Deal on Thursday, a proposal for sweeping changes that would make the United States carbon neutral by 2030 and create millions of “green jobs” in the process. The measure was drafted by Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York and Senator Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts, and it won’t go anywhere for now — Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California has no plans to bring it for a vote. Either way, it’s a bold rallying cry, and may gain steam going into the 2020 elections. FEB. 10-16What’s Next? Another Shutdown CountdownAs the economy recovers from the government’s longest shutdown in history (and will be recuperating for some time), Congress is working to prevent another one starting after midnight on Friday. That’s the deadline for Mr. Trump to strike an agreement with lawmakers on a new spending bill that will keep the lights on at federal agencies. Mr. Trump continues to insist on funding for a border wall, but is showing some signs of willingness to compromise. Speaker Pelosi says she’s aiming for “good news in a short period of time.” New (Lunar) Year, Same Trade WarAre you sick of hearing about the costly trade dispute between the United States and China? Me, too. But this week could be the beginning of the end of it — or, at least Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin seems to hope so. He’s traveling to Beijing with other American officials to continue talks that started in Washington in January. If the two sides can’t hammer out a resolution before March 2, the Trump administration will raise punishing tariffs on Chinese goods, hurting businesses and consumers in both countries (and others). For his own part, Mr. Trump said it was unlikely that he would sit down with President Xi Jinping of China before the deadline. London FogThe monetary repercussions of Britain’s chaotic withdrawal from the European Union keep piling up. Last year, the country experienced its slowest economic growth in a decade, according to a new report from the Bank of England that, predictably, attributed the slump to the “fog of Brexit.” Those clouds will probably stick around this week as Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain continues her dogged efforts to patch up the tattered proposal. European leaders said they wouldn’t renegotiate the deal, but now they’re vaguely open to “talks.” Of course, the major sticking point — the border between the Irelands — remains part of the plan, so you can guess how those discussions will go. What Else?Data from pharmacies in different neighborhoods shows that rich people buy different prescription drugs than poor ones. Apple has fixed the glitch that allowed people to eavesdrop on each other’s FaceTime calls and thanked the 14-year-old who discovered it by offering to pay for his education. Instacart, which offers delivery services through an app, backed off its policy to count customers’ tips toward its workers’ minimum wages — a victory for members of the gig economy. And finally, Carlos Ghosn, the disgraced former chairman of the automaker Renault, may have spent 50,000 euros (about $57,000) on his own lavish wedding at the Palace of Versailles in 2016. You’ve got to hand it to him — it looks like a great party.PARIS — Who wears a tiara these days? Well, royalty, and brides, some debutantes and genuine aristocrats, actual or aspiring.And then there’s the Chinese business owner who wanted to impress her staff. “She ordered a significant tiara to wear from time to time in business occasions, in front of a few hundred guys who were her sales people. Like an empress,” said Jean-Marc Mansvelt, chief executive of the French jewelry house Chaumet. "When you appear in front of a crowd you have to really wow them.”He should know. Chaumet has been making tiaras for more than 200 years — the earliest existing documentation is for one made in 1811 — and it has models of some 3,000 examples in the archives. The house gained prominence in tiara territory when the Empress Joséphine commissioned hers from the house; soon all nobility was doing the same.Joséphine’s husband, Napoleon, was, according to Mr. Mansvelt, a “marketing genius. He needed to legitimize his power” and one way of doing so was “using the symbols, the emblems, of history, of ancient Greece and Rome.” Consider Caesar, his head encircled in a wreath of laurel leaves.Mr. Mansvelt is perfectly happy to discuss the history of the tiara: In France, they fell out of favor during the revolution; lost, he noted, “along with the heads that wore them.”But then came the First Empire. The women in Jacques-Louis David’s famous painting of Napoleon’s consecration in 1804 wore tiaras.As time passed, tiaras became lighter (“more of a question of look and fashion,” Mr. Mansvelt said) and, by the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th century, had transformed into the aigrette, the sort of hair ornament Daisy Buchanan would wear, with a feather popping up in the front.Then the tiara almost disappeared, whether thanks to the vagaries of fashion or the Depression or the wars or all of the above. But in the last few years, Mr. Mansvelt said, demand has started to rise again.“Many people today are trying to find references in the past, looking for tradition,” he said. “They want a part of the ‘art of France,’ the way of living in France,” that famous art de vivre.Of course, the tiara remains a show — and a showing off — of wealth. And it takes a lot: at Chaumet, a simple tiara might cost around 300,000 euros ($340,835), and the price can rise quickly and steeply into the millions. But to maximize the use of such an investment, a tiara can be designed to be transformable (an enduring approach in haute joaillerie), with removable parts that can be worn as, say, a necklace or brooch.Yet there’s another aspect of the special order today: The allure of the experience, the rising appeal of memories over material goods that is changing the face of modern retail and marketing. “Some very rich people just want to order a tiara for the pleasure of the creative process,” Mr. Mansvelt said, adding that they can be present from the first discussion, through sketches, stone selection, mock-up and fittings. The process can take as long as 18 months.Chaumet produces about 10 tiaras a year, usually three for its high jewelry line and the rest for special orders. Often, Mr. Mansvelt said, the customers are parents ordering for their daughter’s nuptials — but one father was really planning ahead; he ordered a tiara for his daughter’s wedding although she was still a baby.At the jewelry house’s headquarters, an 18th-century mansion on the Place Vendôme, there is a room lined with dozens of tiara prototypes made in maillechort, a metal alloy, and hand-painted to replicate gemstones. “People come here and they look at the mock-ups,” Mr. Mansvelt said. “It gets the conversation started.”Sometimes customers arrive with a fixed idea. One woman, he said, “placed a special order for a tiara featuring a specific color green of gemstone because her feng shui master had told her she needed that color in her life,” Mr. Mansvelt said. “It can take months, years, to find colored stones that match.”For that order, eight large tourmalines, in an almost milky green, were eventually located.All the fabrication is done by hand, in the workshop. But as Chaumet’s business is thriving, the company is moving its business offices this month to new quarters on the Boulevard Hausmann. The shift is intended to free space for the Vendôme workshop, which now has 14 artisans squeezed into tight quarters at heavy wooden work stations equipped with tools that haven’t changed much since the Renaissance.On one sunny February morning three tiaras were being worked on: two for the high jewelry collections, another for a special order. The workshop manager Benoît Verhulle (his official title: XIIIeme Chef d’atelier maitre-artisan en métier d’art) explained a small part of the process.After showing a visitor a drawing of the tiara to be made, Mr. Verhulle pulled a thin but heavy sheet of white gold from a drawer and then displayed some slender pieces that had already been cut by hand, with a saw, from a similar sheet. “We give life to the metal,” he said.Mr. Verhulle handed one of the metal pieces to Arthur (like most luxury companies, Chaumet will not provide the surnames of its workers), a young jeweler who has already had experience at Van Cleef & Arpels, Cartier and Chanel. Using a fine-point marking pen, Arthur drew black dots on the metal to show where the diamonds would be fixed.There is an elaborate sequence of drilling holes for the gems and the repeated polishing of the holes by Clarisse, who uses a series of threads, rubbed with abrasive pastes, and finally buffs the entire piece with an instrument that looks like a shoeshine machine. There’s also gem selection and placement of the gems, and final finishing work. After a while, it’s clear why it can take more than a year to create each piece.Forget the adage that a woman’s crowning glory is her hair. It’s her tiara.PRAGUE — Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis said on Wednesday he had proposed Karel Havlicek, the head of a small business association and deputy chief of government science and research council, as the new industry minister.He will replace Marta Novakova, who was an ally of pro-Chinese and pro-Russian President Milos Zeman. Novakova said earlier on Wednesday that Babis had decided to replace her.Among the main tasks for the ministry is regulation of the energy and telecoms markets and preparing a project to build a new nuclear power station.Babis said he was also proposing lawyer Vladimir Kremlik, who has worked for the government, as new transport minister to replace Dan Tok, who resigned. (Reporting by Jan Lopatka; Editing by Jason Hovet)It’s been four years since Anna and Matthew broke up, and the charge between them is unmistakable. Meeting in a coffee shop downtown, they are intimate, teasing, comfortable, prickly — people who were once passionately bound and maybe thought they always would be.In their fractious moments, you can see why the relationship imploded. Still, these two are each other’s one who got away.Directed by Knud Adams for Blockchain Theater Project, Sofia Alvarez’s “Nylon” — evidently a response, at least in part, to Ibsen’s “A Doll’s House” — is so simmeringly alive in its opening scene that we invest in these characters immediately. Anna (Sheila Vand) is a magazine editor who fled New York for London after they split up, then too swiftly married someone there. Matthew (the excellent Cesar J. Rosado) is a onetime musician who now makes rooftop gardens — a stable and lucrative occupation as he sees it, but evidence of failure in her eyes.[What’s new onstage and off: Sign up for our Theater Update newsletter]She is in town for a conference, and when they retire to her hotel room to talk some more, they arrive at the aching topic that has been on both their minds — Emma, the daughter they gave up as a newborn to be raised by the mother of a friend. They were in their 20s when Anna had her, and it was her choice not to keep the child. She has been running from that decision, and hating herself for it, ever since.This is where the play gets unwieldy, too shakily traversing the emotional terrain. Matthew wants to get Emma back; Anna is desperate to stop him. When she pays a visit to Marisol (Maggie Bofill), who has raised the little girl, an unintended flatness creeps in, and it is not Ms. Bofill’s doing that Marisol seems thinly imagined.At home in London with Colin (Brian Miskell), her husband, we see that Anna has traded one suffocating domestic setup for another, this time without the passion. Colin, whom Anna describes, with a bizarre lack of detail, as “a civil servant,” is essentially Ibsen’s Torvald Helmer in contemporary British drag.Anna, like Nora, has been lying to him about things large and small since the day they met. As far as Colin knows, Anna can’t have children, though what she means is that she won’t, because of her guilt about Emma.Mr. Adams, a smart and inventive director, can’t camouflage the script’s lapses into awkwardness. The tone of the production, so controlled at the start, wobbles in the second act. But the arrangement of the playing space at Theaterlab, on a set by Andrew Moerdyk, does nimbly solve a fundamental problem. A column that often obstructs the view in that room is cleverly circumvented here.As Gigi, Matthew’s girlfriend, Claire Siebers also avoids a trap, giving an amusing and thoughtful portrayal of a woman who might easily be played as dumb. Mr. Rosado, though, is the show’s secret weapon. In a restrained and beautifully calibrated performance, he glows with the kind of magnetic assurance that makes an audience lean in.NEW YORK — New York state officials told food growers and processors in mid-December that they had the state's blessing to produce and sell tea and chocolates laced with CBD, the cannabis derivative reputed to ease anxiety and other ills without marijuana's high.But since then, New York City health inspectors have seized thousands of dollars worth of CBD-infused food and drinks at the Fat Cat Kitchen and other local cafes and restaurants, and warned owners to stop selling them or face penalties. The crackdown came just weeks after federal law explicitly made CBD legal across the country.The New York City crackdown highlights the inconsistencies that have emerged in federal, state and local rules governing CBD, bewildering the small but growing number of businesses selling edibles in New York and other states. "I'm trying to be compliant with the law, but no one seems to be fully aware of what the law is and isn't," said C.J. Holm, the owner of the Fat Cat Kitchen, which touts CBD coffee and cookies on a sidewalk chalkboard.Consumer interest in CBD tinctures, topical creams and edibles has grown in recent years in step with the piecemeal legalization of marijuana, which is now permitted as either a medical or recreational drug in 33 states while still banned by the federal government.In 2018, U.S. consumers spent an estimated $300 million on CBD food and drinks, according to a report by Cowen Washington Research Group. The Coca-Cola Company and other food giants have expressed interest in the sector.The 2018 Farm Bill, enacted in December, was intended in part to clear up the legal status of CBD by legalizing cannabis extracts derived from strains of the plant, known as hemp, that contain very low concentrations of THC, the main psychoactive compound in marijuana. But the law also created new confusion for businesses wanting to sell CBD food or drink. For some, it is impossible to follow one set of regulations without being in breach of another. In New York, for example, officials at the state Department of Agriculture issued guidance in December saying it was legal to sell "CBD tea," "chocolates with CBD drizzle" and other CBD edibles, so long as the products are made and marketed as dietary supplements, which are governed by more stringent standards than ordinary food.But the department also warns that doing this will run afoul of rules issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which said it was unlawful to add CBD to food or to market it as a dietary supplement. That is because the agency, for the first time last year, had approved a drug that contained CBD as the active ingredient. New York City health inspectors have taken the FDA rule seriously. At the Fat Cat Kitchen, Holm was startled when a health inspector impounded her CBD powder, honey, snacks and raw cookie dough in February. Similar scenes played out at four other eateries in the city.Soon afterward, Holm and other restaurateurs received a letter from the department saying inspectors would resume the seizures after July 1.It is unclear whether the city's Health Department will allow cafes and restaurants to sell CBD edibles even as a dietary supplement, despite New York state officials saying such products are legal. When asked, Michael Lanza, a Health Department spokesman, repeated the department's position that it is following the FDA ban on CBD food and drink in any form. An FDA spokesman declined to comment on New York's regulations.Colorado, Maine and other states have attempted to clarify the status of CBD-laced edibles by passing laws allowing the addition of CBD to food. The FDA has said it may make an exception for CBD, allowing it as a food additive or dietary supplement even though it is now a listed drug. It will hold a public forum on the issue in Maryland on May 31.With the conflicting rules and at best haphazard enforcement, Holm and other CBD vendors say they are pressing ahead, devising their own strategies that they feel are at least a gesture toward compliance.Igor Yakovlev, who stirs CBD into honey on New York's Staten Island, prints a disclaimer on each Beezy Beez Honey jar stating that the FDA has not "evaluated or approved" his product.Holm, in consultation with a lawyer, noted that the FDA bans CBD being added to food for "interstate commerce," and reasons she is fine to sell CBD coffee so long as the extract is produced and processed in New York."It is so confusing because you can ask three different attorneys and get three different answers," said Allan Gandelman, a farmer in Cortland who founded the New York Cannabis Growers and Processors Association earlier this year. "So you decide you're going to blaze a path forward, and produce a product that customers really want, and go for it until the government gets its act together." (Reporting by Jonathan Allen in New York; Editing by Frank McGurty and Dan Grebler)As President Trump delivered his inaugural address in 2017, a slight woman with feathered gray hair sat listening, bundled in a hooded white parka in a fenced-off V.I.P. section. Her name was Rosemary T. Vrablic. She was a managing director at Deutsche Bank and one of the reasons Mr. Trump had just taken the oath of office.It was a moment of celebration — and a moment of worry for Ms. Vrablic’s employer.Mr. Trump and Deutsche Bank were deeply entwined, their symbiotic bond born of necessity and ambition on both sides: a real estate mogul made toxic by polarizing rhetoric and a pattern of defaults, and a bank with intractable financial problems and a history of misconduct.The relationship had paid off. Mr. Trump used loans from Deutsche Bank to finance skyscrapers and other high-end properties, and repeatedly cited his relationship with the bank to deflect political attacks on his business acumen. Deutsche Bank used Mr. Trump’s projects to build its investment-banking business, reaped fees from the assets he put in its custody and leveraged his celebrity to lure clients.Then Mr. Trump won the 2016 election, and the German bank shifted into damage-control mode, bracing for an onslaught of public scrutiny, according to several people involved in the internal response.In the weeks before Ms. Vrablic attended his swearing-in, the bank commissioned reports to figure out how it had gotten in so deep with Mr. Trump. It issued an unusual edict to its Wall Street employees: Do not publicly utter the word “Trump.”More than two years later, Mr. Trump’s financial ties with Deutsche Bank are the subject of investigations by two congressional committees and the New York attorney general. Investigators hope to use Deutsche Bank as a window into Mr. Trump’s personal and business finances.Deutsche Bank officials have quietly argued to regulators, lawmakers and journalists that Mr. Trump was not a priority for the bank or its senior leaders and that the lending was the work of a single, obscure division. But interviews with more than 20 current and former Deutsche Bank executives and board members, most of them with direct knowledge of the Trump relationship, contradict the bank’s narrative.Over nearly two decades, Deutsche Bank’s leaders repeatedly saw red flags surrounding Mr. Trump. There was a disastrous bond sale, a promised loan that relied on a banker’s forged signature, wild exaggerations of Mr. Trump’s wealth, even a claim of an act of God.But Deutsche Bank had a ravenous appetite for risk and limited concern about its clients’ reputations. Time after time, with the support of two different chief executives, the bank handed money — a total of well over $2 billion — to a man whom nearly all other banks had deemed untouchable.Kerrie McHugh, a Deutsche Bank spokeswoman, said: “We remain committed to cooperating with authorized investigations.”The White House referred questions to the Trump Organization. A company spokeswoman, Amanda Miller, declined to comment.‘A Great Son!’In the late 1990s, Deutsche Bank, which is based in Germany, was trying to make a name for itself on Wall Street. Its investment-banking division went on a hiring binge.The bank recruited a handful of Goldman Sachs traders to lead a push into commercial real estate. One was Justin Kennedy, the son of Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy. Another was Mike Offit, whose father was the writer Sidney Offit.At Deutsche Bank, Mr. Offit’s mandate was to lend money to big real estate developers, package the loans into securities and sell the resulting bonds to investors. He said in an interview that one way to stand out in a crowded market was to make loans that his rivals considered too risky.In 1998, a broker contacted him to see if he would consider lending to a Wall Street pariah: Mr. Trump, who was then a casino magnate whose bankruptcies had cost banks hundreds of millions of dollars.Mr. Offit took the meeting.A few days later, Mr. Offit’s secretary called him. “Donald Trump is in the conference room,” she whispered. Mr. Offit said he rushed in, expecting to find an entourage. Mr. Trump was alone.He was looking for a $125 million loan to pay for gut renovations of 40 Wall Street, his Art Deco tower in Lower Manhattan. Mr. Offit was impressed by the pitch, and the loan sailed through Deutsche Bank’s approval process.Mr. Trump seemed giddy with gratitude, Mr. Offit recalled. He took Mr. Offit golfing. He flew him by helicopter to Atlantic City for boxing matches. He wrote a grateful note to Sidney Offit for having “a great son!”Mr. Offit commissioned a detailed model of 40 Wall Street. A golden plaque on its pedestal bore the names and logos of Deutsche Bank and the Trump Organization. Mr. Offit gave one to Mr. Trump and kept another in his office.Mr. Trump soon came looking for $300 million for the construction of a skyscraper across from the United Nations headquarters. The loan was approved. He wanted hundreds of millions more for his Trump Marina casino in Atlantic City. Mr. Offit pledged to line up cash for that, too.Not long after, Edson Mitchell, a top bank executive, discovered that the signature of the credit officer who had approved the Trump Marina deal had been forged, Mr. Offit said. (Mr. Offit was never accused of forgery; the loan never went through.)Mr. Offit was fired months later. He said it was because Mr. Mitchell claimed that he was reckless, a charge Mr. Offit disputed.It was the first hiccup in the Trump relationship. It would not be the last.The Mar-a-Lago RewardOver the next few years, the commercial real estate group, with Mr. Kennedy now in a senior role, kept lending to Mr. Trump, including to buy the General Motors building in Manhattan. Occasionally, Justice Kennedy stopped by Deutsche Bank’s offices to say hello to the team, executives recalled.At an annual pro-am golf tournament the bank hosted outside Boston in the early 2000s, Mr. Trump sat down for a recorded interview with the bank’s public relations staff, who asked about his experience with Deutsche Bank.“It’s great,” Mr. Trump exclaimed, according to a person who witnessed the interview. “They’re really fast!”In 2003, a Deutsche Bank team led by Richard Byrne — a former casino-industry analyst who had known Mr. Trump since the 1980s — was hired to sell bonds on behalf of Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts. Bank officials escorted Mr. Trump to meet institutional investors in New York and Boston, according to an executive who attended.The so-called roadshow seemed to go well. At every stop, Mr. Trump was greeted by large audiences of fund managers, executives and lower-level employees eager to see the famous mogul. The problem, as a Deutsche Bank executive would explain to Mr. Trump, was that few of them were willing to entrust money to him.Mr. Trump requested an audience with the bank’s bond salesmen.According to a Deutsche Bank executive who heard the remarks, Mr. Trump gave a pep talk. “Fellas, I know this isn’t the easiest thing you’ve had to sell,” the executive recalled Mr. Trump saying. “But if you get this done, you’ll all be my guests at Mar-a-Lago,” his private club in Palm Beach, Fla.The sales team managed to sell hundreds of millions of dollars worth of bonds. Mr. Trump was pleased with the results when a Deutsche Bank executive called, according to a person who heard the conversation.“Don’t forget what you promised our guys,” the executive reminded him.Mr. Trump said he did not remember and that he doubted the salesmen actually expected to be taken to Mar-a-Lago.“That’s all they’ve talked about the past week,” the executive replied.Mr. Trump ultimately flew about 15 salesmen to Florida on his Boeing 727. They spent a weekend golfing with Mr. Trump, two participants said.A year later, in 2004, Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts defaulted on the bonds. Deutsche Bank’s clients suffered steep losses. This arm of the investment-banking division stopped doing business with Mr. Trump.An Act of GodAround that time, Mr. Trump returned to Deutsche Bank’s commercial real estate unit — which was housed in a separate part of the sprawling investment-banking division — for another loan. This one was to build a 92-story skyscraper in Chicago, the Trump International Hotel and Tower.Josef Ackermann, the bank’s chief executive, had publicly promised soaring profits, and with many of the company’s businesses sputtering, the investment-banking group was under intense pressure to grow.As Deutsche Bank considered making the loan, Mr. Trump wooed bankers with flights on his private plane, according to a person familiar with the pitch. In a Trump Tower meeting, he told Mr. Kennedy that his daughter Ivanka would be in charge of the Chicago project, a sign of the family’s commitment to its success.But there were warning signs.Mr. Trump told Deutsche Bank his net worth was about $3 billion, but when bank employees reviewed his finances, they concluded he was worth about $788 million, according to documents produced during a lawsuit Mr. Trump brought against the former New York Times journalist Timothy O’Brien. And a senior investment-banking executive said in an interview that he and others cautioned that Mr. Trump should be avoided because he had worked with people in the construction industry connected to organized crime.Nonetheless, Deutsche Bank agreed in 2005 to lend Mr. Trump more than $500 million for the project. He personally guaranteed $40 million of it, meaning the bank could come after his personal assets if he defaulted.By 2008, the riverside skyscraper, one of the tallest in America, was mostly built. But with the economy sagging, Mr. Trump struggled to sell hundreds of condominium units. The bulk of the loan was due that November.Then the financial crisis hit, and Mr. Trump’s lawyers sensed an opportunity.A provision in the loan let Mr. Trump partially off the hook in the event of a “force majeure,” essentially an act of God, like a natural disaster. The former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan had called the financial crisis a tsunami. And what was a tsunami if not a natural disaster?One of Mr. Trump’s lawyers, Steven Schlesinger, told him the provision could be used against Deutsche Bank.“It’s brilliant!” Mr. Schlesinger recalled Mr. Trump responding.Days before the loan was due, Mr. Trump sued Deutsche Bank, citing the force majeure language and seeking $3 billion in damages. Deutsche Bank countersued and demanded payment of the $40 million that Mr. Trump had personally guaranteed.With the suits in court, senior investment-banking executives severed ties with Mr. Trump.Luring a BankerNot long after Mr. Trump got the Chicago loan — but before it went south — Deutsche Bank was expanding its private-banking division, which served the superrich. Executives said they set out to hire Ms. Vrablic, whom they viewed as the best private banker in New York.Traditionally, private bankers discreetly manage customers’ wealth and act as high-end concierges. Ms. Vrablic, who started her career as a bank teller and then worked at Citigroup and Bank of America, did that and more. She also arranged large real estate and commercial loans for her best clients.To lure her, Deutsche Bank guaranteed that she would earn at least $3 million a year, unusually rich terms for a private banker, and would bypass a layer of management to report directly to Thomas Bowers, the head of the American wealth-management division, according to people familiar with her contract.“Rosemary is widely recognized as one of the top private bankers to the U.S. ultra high-net-worth community,” Mr. Bowers said in a September 2006 news release. Deutsche Bank took out an ad in The Times to celebrate the arrival of her and a few colleagues.Ms. Vrablic’s superiors encouraged her to make loans that rival banks dismissed as too large or complex. They saw it as a way to elbow into the hypercompetitive New York market.‘There Is No Objection’In 2010, Deutsche Bank and Mr. Trump settled their litigation over the Chicago loan. Mr. Trump agreed to repay most of what he owed by 2012, Mr. Schlesinger said.One of Ms. Vrablic’s clients was Jared Kushner, who married Ivanka Trump in 2009. Mr. Kushner regarded Ms. Vrablic as the best banker he had ever worked with, according to a person familiar with his thinking.Shortly after the Chicago lawsuit was settled, Mr. Kushner was told that Mr. Trump was looking for a loan and introduced him to Ms. Vrablic, according to people familiar with the relationship.Mr. Trump flew Ms. Vrablic to Miami to show her a property he wanted to buy: the Doral Golf Resort and Spa. He needed more than $100 million for the 72-hole property.Deutsche Bank dispatched a team to Trump Tower to inspect Mr. Trump’s personal and corporate financial records. The bankers determined he was overvaluing some of his real estate assets by as much as 70 percent, according to two former executives.By then, though, Mr. Trump had become a reality-TV star, and he was swimming in cash from “The Apprentice.” Deutsche Bank officials also were impressed that Mr. Trump did not have much debt, according to people who reviewed his finances. Aside from his history of defaults, he was an attractive borrower.Mr. Trump also expressed interest in another loan from the private-banking division: $48 million for the same Chicago property that had provoked the two-year court fight.Mr. Trump told the bank he would use that loan to repay what he still owed the investment-banking division, the two former executives said. Even by Wall Street standards, borrowing money from one part of a bank to pay off a loan from another was an extraordinary act of financial chutzpah.Ms. Vrablic and Mr. Bowers tentatively agreed to both loans.Because these would be the private bank’s first transactions with Mr. Trump, they needed approval up the chain of command.Investment-banking executives, including Anshu Jain, who would soon become Deutsche Bank’s co-chief executive, pushed back. Lending to Mr. Trump again would be foolish, they argued, and signal to clients that they could default and even sue the bank.Executives in the private bank countered that the proposed loans had Mr. Trump’s personal guarantee and therefore were low risk. And the Chicago loan, they noted, would lead to the repayment of tens of millions of dollars that Mr. Trump still owed the investment-banking division.A top executive with responsibility for the private bank discussed the loans with Mr. Ackermann, the chief executive, who supported them, according to two officials. A powerful committee in Frankfurt, which evaluated loans based on risks to the bank’s reputation, signed off.“There is no objection from the bank to proceed with this client,” wrote Stuart Clarke, the chief operating officer for the Americas, in a Dec. 5, 2011, email, according to a recipient.Deutsche Bank wired the money to Mr. Trump. The loans carried relatively low interest rates, executives said, but the business promised to be profitable: As part of the deal, Mr. Trump would hold millions of dollars in a personal account, generating fees for the bank.“I have no recollection of having been asked to approve that private-banking loan,” Mr. Ackermann said in an interview. He added: “I would have approved it, if it came to me, if it was commercially sound.”The C.E.O. Meets TrumpMs. Vrablic’s relationship with the Trumps deepened.Deutsche Bank lent money to Donald Trump Jr. for a South Carolina manufacturing venture that would soon go bankrupt. It provided a $15 million credit line to Mr. Kushner and his mother, according to financial documents reviewed by The Times. The bank previously had an informal ban on business with the Kushners because Jared’s father, Charles, was a felon.In 2012, Jared Kushner recommended that the editor of The Mortgage Observer, one of the publications he owned, write a profile of Ms. Vrablic. The editor, Carl Gaines, knew Mr. Kushner was her client and objected, according to a person familiar with the exchange.“Just go meet with her,” Mr. Kushner said. “You’ll figure something out.”A gauzy profile of Ms. Vrablic was published in February 2013.Shortly afterward, the private bank produced a promotional video featuring some of its marquee clients. The video was played at a retreat for Deutsche Bank’s senior leadership in Barcelona. In it, Ivanka Trump extolled the private bank’s work with her family and thanked their relationship manager, according to two people who saw the video.In early 2014, Mr. Trump and his personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, approached Ms. Vrablic about more potential loans.The owner of the Buffalo Bills had died, and the N.F.L. franchise was up for sale. Mr. Trump was interested, and he needed to show the league he had the financial wherewithal to pull off a transaction that could top $1 billion.Mr. Trump asked Ms. Vrablic if the bank would be willing to make a loan and handed over bare-bones financial statements that estimated his net worth at $8.7 billion.Mr. Cohen testified to Congress last month that the documents exaggerated Mr. Trump’s wealth. Deutsche Bank executives had reached a similar conclusion. They nonetheless agreed to vouch for Mr. Trump’s bid, according to an executive involved.Mr. Trump’s bid did not win, but another lending opportunity soon arose.A federal agency had selected Mr. Trump to transform the Old Post Office Building in Washington into a luxury hotel. But his financial partner — the private equity firm Colony Capital, run by Thomas J. Barrack Jr. — pulled out. Mr. Trump needed nearly $200 million.Because of his decades-long pattern of defaults and his increasingly polarizing political rhetoric — among other things, he had been spreading a lie about President Barack Obama being born overseas — Mr. Trump remained untouchable for most banks.Ms. Vrablic was willing to help.In a memo outlining the rationale for the Old Post Office loan, Ms. Vrablic said Mr. Trump was expected to add large sums to his brokerage account if he received the loan, according to an executive who read the document.This time, there was less internal opposition. One reason: Mr. Jain — by then the bank’s co-chief executive — had a solid relationship with Ms. Vrablic. Mr. Jain accompanied her to meetings with high-profile clients, and he praised her work to colleagues, multiple executives said.On a foggy Wednesday in February 2013, Ms. Vrablic and Mr. Jain went to Trump Tower to meet with Mr. Trump, according to two executives with knowledge of the meeting. Ms. Vrablic’s rapport with the client was immediately clear: Mr. Trump’s assistant greeted her as an old friend, and she seemed relaxed with Mr. Trump and his daughter, one executive said.They discussed Mr. Trump’s finances over lunch, and Mr. Jain said he was surprised by his low level of debt, the executives said. After lunch, Ms. Vrablic told her colleagues that Mr. Jain had sounded upbeat about Mr. Trump’s finances.A $170 million loan to pay for the overhaul of the Old Post Office went through in 2015, and Mr. Trump added more money to his brokerage account. (In May 2016, he reported up to $46 million of stocks and bonds in the account.)On Aug. 6, 2015, Mr. Trump participated in the first Republican presidential debate. He clashed with the Fox News moderator, Megyn Kelly. He flew back to New York early the next morning. That evening, he called in to a CNN talk show and said of Ms. Kelly that there was “blood coming out of her wherever.”In the intervening hours, Mr. Trump had used a black Sharpie to sign documents for another loan from Deutsche Bank: $19 million for the Doral resort. That brought to more than $300 million the total lent under Ms. Vrablic.Shock and AngerOn the campaign trail, rivals assailed Mr. Trump’s financial history. In response, he pointed to Deutsche Bank-funded successes like the Old Post Office project, now a gleaming hotel a few blocks from the White House.In early 2016, Mr. Trump asked Ms. Vrablic for one final loan, for his golf course in Turnberry, Scotland.Ms. Vrablic said yes, but a fight soon erupted.Jacques Brand, who was in charge of Deutsche Bank’s American businesses, angrily objected, partly because of Mr. Trump’s divisive rhetoric.Ms. Vrablic appealed the decision. Senior executives in Frankfurt, including Christian Sewing, who would become chief executive in 2018, were shocked that the private bank would consider lending Mr. Trump money during the campaign, bank officials said.The bank’s reputational risk committee killed the transaction in March 2016.That same month, as The Times was preparing an article about Mr. Trump’s excommunication from Wall Street, he cited his warm relationship with Deutsche Bank.“They are totally happy with me,” he said to The Times. “Why don’t you call the head of Deutsche Bank? Her name is Rosemary Vrablic. She is the boss.”Demagogy and DefaultsAfter Mr. Trump won the election, Deutsche Bank’s board of directors rushed to understand how the bank had become the biggest lender to the president-elect.A report prepared by the board’s integrity committee concluded that executives in the private-banking division were so determined to win business from big-name clients that they had ignored Mr. Trump’s reputation for demagogy and defaults, according to a person who read the report.The review also found that Deutsche Bank had produced a number of “exposure reports” that flagged the growing business with Mr. Trump, but that they had not been adequately reviewed by senior executives.On Deutsche Bank’s trading floor, managers began warning employees not to use the word “Trump” in communications with people outside the bank. Salesmen who violated the edict were scolded by compliance officers who said the bank feared stoking public interest in its ties to the new president.One reason: If Mr. Trump were to default on his loans, Deutsche Bank would have to choose between seizing his assets or cutting him a lucrative break — a situation the bank would rather resolve in private.Two years after Mr. Trump was sworn in, Democrats took control of the House of Representatives. The chamber’s financial services and intelligence committees opened investigations into Deutsche Bank’s relationship with Mr. Trump. Those inquiries, as well as the New York attorney general’s investigation, come at a perilous time for Deutsche Bank, which is negotiating to merge with another large German lender.Next month, Deutsche Bank is likely to start handing over extensive internal documents and communications about Mr. Trump to the congressional committees, according to people briefed on the process.Ms. Vrablic, who is intensely private and rarely discusses her personal life with colleagues, declined to comment. People familiar with her thinking said she expected to be called to testify publicly on Capitol Hill.NEW YORK — New York state officials told food growers and processors in mid-December that they had the state's blessing to produce and sell tea and chocolates laced with CBD, the cannabis derivative reputed to ease anxiety and other ills without marijuana's high.But since then, New York City health inspectors have seized thousands of dollars worth of CBD-infused food and drinks at the Fat Cat Kitchen and other local cafes and restaurants, and warned owners to stop selling them or face penalties. The crackdown came just weeks after federal law explicitly made CBD legal across the country.The New York City crackdown highlights the inconsistencies that have emerged in federal, state and local rules governing CBD, bewildering the small but growing number of businesses selling edibles in New York and other states. "I'm trying to be compliant with the law, but no one seems to be fully aware of what the law is and isn't," said C.J. Holm, the owner of the Fat Cat Kitchen, which touts CBD coffee and cookies on a sidewalk chalkboard.Consumer interest in CBD tinctures, topical creams and edibles has grown in recent years in step with the piecemeal legalization of marijuana, which is now permitted as either a medical or recreational drug in 33 states while still banned by the federal government.In 2018, U.S. consumers spent an estimated $300 million on CBD food and drinks, according to a report by Cowen Washington Research Group. The Coca-Cola Company and other food giants have expressed interest in the sector.The 2018 Farm Bill, enacted in December, was intended in part to clear up the legal status of CBD by legalizing cannabis extracts derived from strains of the plant, known as hemp, that contain very low concentrations of THC, the main psychoactive compound in marijuana. But the law also created new confusion for businesses wanting to sell CBD food or drink. For some, it is impossible to follow one set of regulations without being in breach of another. In New York, for example, officials at the state Department of Agriculture issued guidance in December saying it was legal to sell "CBD tea," "chocolates with CBD drizzle" and other CBD edibles, so long as the products are made and marketed as dietary supplements, which are governed by more stringent standards than ordinary food.But the department also warns that doing this will run afoul of rules issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which said it was unlawful to add CBD to food or to market it as a dietary supplement. That is because the agency, for the first time last year, had approved a drug that contained CBD as the active ingredient. New York City health inspectors have taken the FDA rule seriously. At the Fat Cat Kitchen, Holm was startled when a health inspector impounded her CBD powder, honey, snacks and raw cookie dough in February. Similar scenes played out at four other eateries in the city.Soon afterward, Holm and other restaurateurs received a letter from the department saying inspectors would resume the seizures after July 1.It is unclear whether the city's Health Department will allow cafes and restaurants to sell CBD edibles even as a dietary supplement, despite New York state officials saying such products are legal. When asked, Michael Lanza, a Health Department spokesman, repeated the department's position that it is following the FDA ban on CBD food and drink in any form. An FDA spokesman declined to comment on New York's regulations.Colorado, Maine and other states have attempted to clarify the status of CBD-laced edibles by passing laws allowing the addition of CBD to food. The FDA has said it may make an exception for CBD, allowing it as a food additive or dietary supplement even though it is now a listed drug. It will hold a public forum on the issue in Maryland on May 31.With the conflicting rules and at best haphazard enforcement, Holm and other CBD vendors say they are pressing ahead, devising their own strategies that they feel are at least a gesture toward compliance.Igor Yakovlev, who stirs CBD into honey on New York's Staten Island, prints a disclaimer on each Beezy Beez Honey jar stating that the FDA has not "evaluated or approved" his product.Holm, in consultation with a lawyer, noted that the FDA bans CBD being added to food for "interstate commerce," and reasons she is fine to sell CBD coffee so long as the extract is produced and processed in New York."It is so confusing because you can ask three different attorneys and get three different answers," said Allan Gandelman, a farmer in Cortland who founded the New York Cannabis Growers and Processors Association earlier this year. "So you decide you're going to blaze a path forward, and produce a product that customers really want, and go for it until the government gets its act together." (Reporting by Jonathan Allen in New York; Editing by Frank McGurty and Dan Grebler)In the remote coastal villages of Russia’s Far East, where the nomadic Chukchi still hunt walrus with handcrafted ivory-headed harpoons, it is ritual to offer visitors freshly caught meat.“You cannot refuse,” said Barbara Muckermann, the chief marketing officer of Silversea Cruises, whose ships dock in the region several times a year. “Sharing food is important in their culture.”Once, Americans abroad were suspicious of foreign delicacies, scurrying back to the safety of their hotels and ships for a bland simulacrum of dishes they could get back home. But for a growing number of leisure travelers — those privileged enough to cross borders not out of necessity, but for pleasure — food has become essential to an encounter with another culture, from olive oil in Slovenia to poi (pounded taro root) in Hawaii to kokoretsi (lamb-intestine sandwiches) in Turkey.Today’s wanderers have been called to the gospel of Anthony Bourdain, the  irreverent chef and writer whose ecumenical pursuit of food in all its incarnations (blood and guts included) was chronicled in the TV series “A Cook’s Tour,” “No Reservations” and “Parts Unknown” until his death last June.Attempts to follow in Mr. Bourdain’s footsteps are typically orchestrated by small, independent, sometimes eccentric tour operators. They have roots in a place, so they can point you toward the tofu counter hidden inside a flower shop, or the neighbor selling bowls of pho in her living room, down a skinny unlit alley and up three flights. You’ll know you’re there by the number of shoes kicked off in the hallway.But now international giants, historically deft at placating guests with stately buffets and fine, indeterminately European menus, are joining the fray. They, too, want to sate that “special hunger,” as M.F.K. Fisher described it, that pushes explorers “beyond their known horizons, to subsist or not on locusts and baked phoenix-eggs.”Among the highest-profile contenders is Silversea, headquartered in Monaco and valued at about $2 billion. (It recently forged a partnership with Royal Caribbean, the world’s second-largest cruise line.) A new 596-passenger ship expressly designed for culinary voyages, with a test kitchen that doubles as a clubhouse, is under construction and scheduled to launch in the summer of 2020.Building a ship is a commitment. A trickier challenge, for companies big and small, is how to design an orderly, comfortable and reasonably hygienic group eating experience that still feels genuine. There’s a risk of turning local foodways into just another commodity, particularly in the developing world, where tourist dollars count for more.Already the influx of gastro-pilgrims has upset some natural algorithms. Last year in Bangkok, after the crab-omelet specialist Raan Jay Fai was anointed with a Michelin star, waits for a table at the tiny shop-house restaurant stretched to three hours.While the spike in business is a financial boon, the owner — who cooks each omelet herself, wearing ski goggles to protect herself from the spitting oil — has said that she wishes she could give the star back.There is little chance the crowds will let up. A 2016 report by the World Food Travel Association classified 93 percent of vacationers worldwide as “food travelers,” who seek out food beyond the demands of sustenance — attending a class on cooking mole in Oaxaca, say, or riding a boat at dawn through a floating market in Kashmir.The philosopher Lisa Heldke has critiqued the colonialist impulse behind what she calls “eating adventures,” which she likens to collecting and uprooting artifacts from their cultural context.But some tour operators contend that in opening our mouths, we open our minds.“The polarized view that we get, the xenophobia, comes from the lack of a data set,” said Luis Vargas, the chief executive of Modern Adventure, which funnels data in the guise of weeklong eating and drinking itineraries in destinations like the Republic of Georgia and the Basque region of Spain.In this thinking, a basket of dumplings can teach as much about a culture as its greatest monuments.When Little Adventures in Hong Kong helps you decode the tome of a menu at a Cantonese restaurant — so “you don’t repeat dishes with the same ingredients or cooking methods,” said Daisann McLane, the company’s founder — you may earn a grudging nod of approval from the waiter and a deeper understanding of the society in which these feasts are central.Sometimes, the lesson is knowing when not to eat. As Yukari Sakamoto of Food Sake Tokyo steers visitors through the bright sprawl of a depachika (department-store food hall), she delicately cautions against snacking while walking; in Japan, it’s considered impolite.The sociologist Krishnendu Ray, who heads the department of nutrition and food studies at New York University, sees hope in culinary travel. “It allows you to engage with others on their terms, their vernacular tastes,” he said.Still, he added, “If you don’t care about the lives and livelihoods of people involved in growing and making your food, attention to the food alone cannot take you far.”More and more, tour operators are trying to give travelers a sense of the substance of those lives. In Mexico City, Rocío Vazquez Landeta of Eat Like a Local is conscious of the income differential between the visitors on her forays through the shambolic La Merced market and the vendors they meet.“I don’t want it to be pity tourism — ‘Look at the poor people,’” she said.So, while some guides in the area demand discounts, she makes a point to pay vendors not only full price for their goods, but also for the time they take to explain ingredients and dishes to her customers. And she has hired an English tutor for six of the vendors’ children — who at 8 to 11 years old are already working alongside their parents — and tips them to help lead tours on weekends.On her website, Ms. Vazquez Landeta encourages people to bring photographs of their home countries as gifts for the children. “I’m not Mother Teresa,” she said. “I just want to show them that the world is bigger.”Mona Boyd, the Arkansas-born founder of Landtours in Accra, Ghana, started highlighting West African fare in her packages five years ago, arranging for small groups of travelers to dine in the homes of local families. But she felt that the experience was too much like going to a restaurant. It wasn’t immersive enough.Now, instead of just showing up to eat, visitors arrive early to prepare dishes like nkatenkwan (groundnut stew) and red-red (black-eyed pea stew), and to learn something about their hosts along the way.“These are kind people, not rich, but willing to open up their homes to you,” Ms. Boyd said. “When you eat their food and enjoy it, you show you like them, too.”Such informal settings can foster a more candid cultural exchange. But they must be carefully vetted by tour operators, to make sure that customers don’t get sick from ingredients washed in unpurified water or a chicken dropped on the floor before being thrown into the pot.Even the gutsiest customers may balk at a street stall’s grimy patina or at the frank scent of a prized local delicacy. Reassurance is part of a guide’s job.In Vietnam, Van Cong Tu tells guests on his Hanoi Street Food Tours — which go down alleys so tiny, Google Maps can’t find them — that the great fistfuls of raw herbs accompanying almost every dish are safe to eat. (They often wind up submerged in hot soup.) Without the herbs, you’d miss half the flavor.Joe DiStefano, a New Yorker whose World’s Fare Food Tours take visitors to chaat shops, smoky kebab stands and labyrinthine basement food courts in his home borough, Queens, respects that some of his customers have reservations about what they eat.At one stop, he said, “we go look at the durian” — a thorny tropical fruit that smells of rotting socks dredged from the bottom of the sea.Then, if everyone is comfortable, he said, “We eat it.”The logistics of comfort are of particular concern to higher-end operators who specialize in trips of a week or longer. The kind of traveler they target may not want a luau on a manicured hotel lawn, but still expects a certain degree of ease.This doesn’t have to mean a bowdlerized, at-arm’s-length experience, however. To Neil Coletta, the brand and product manager of Intrepid Travel’s Real Food Adventures, the real luxury is “direct access to local communities which would be really hard, if not impossible, to navigate on your own.”One of the company’s tours covers Israel and the Palestinian territories, with stops at the home of a Jewish family in the Negev Desert and at a cooking school in Nablus founded to empower impoverished women.Mr. Coletta works closely with local guides who have personal relationships with street vendors and home cooks willing to share their secrets. “It feels like you’re just visiting family with family,” he said.Other companies cater to jet-setters more interested in the rarefied heights of a country’s cuisine than in the nitty-gritty of its inhabitants’ lives. The luxury shopping site VeryFirstTo.com, which has since shut down, once offered a six-month trip with seats at each of the world’s restaurants that had won three Michelin stars. It cost more than a quarter of a million dollars and required consuming a five- to 27-course tasting menu every other day — an itinerary to imperil the body, if not the soul.Ms. Muckermann, of Silversea, didn’t want to structure the company’s new Sea and Land Taste program around celebrity chefs and hermetic fine-dining rooms. A younger generation of travelers is braver than that, she said: “They’ve seen more walls going down than going up.”Instead, she tapped Adam Sachs, a former editor-in-chief of Saveur, to take a reportorial approach and shape a narrative around the ingredients and cooking techniques found in each region. He has tracked down inside sources like Maya Kerthyasa, a member of the royal family of Ubud in Bali, who shared her 95-year-old grandmother’s spice-paste recipes with passengers on a preview trip in Southeast Asia this month.“Ideally, you come away with a better understanding of why people eat in a certain way,” Mr. Sachs said. “Not just, ‘I tried everything.’”On board, one of the ship’s eight restaurants, which have traditionally focused on Western food, will shift cuisine depending on its place of berth, so more cautious passengers — those along for the ride just to see the region — can still get a taste.But the cautious may be dwindling in number. As Ms. Muckermann recalls, on Silversea’s voyages to the Russian Far East, guests are gently warned that if they visit the Chukchi village, they may be presented with boiled walrus. If they feel unready for such an honor, they can forgo the expedition.“Most people come,” she said. They make the leap — from the security of the ship to the uncertainty onshore, from one culture to another. They eat the walrus.“It is Lawyer 101: You do not steal your client’s money.”NICOLA T. HANNA, a United States attorney, describing the lawyer Michael Avenatti’s business as a Ponzi scheme of sorts as she announced new charges that could mean more than 300 years in prison.It is no longer exactly groundbreaking for women to work on construction sites, to develop or design retail and commercial spaces, or to fill those spaces with tenants. Women, for example, occupy 43 percent of commercial real estate positions industrywide, according to data from CREW Network, a networking organization for women in commercial real estate. And more women than ever now fill senior vice president, managing director and partner slots in commercial real estate businesses.Still, women who work in male-dominated sectors of the industry sometimes discover that a hard hat is a hard hat to wear. They tell of being locked out of deals, of being condescended to, of having to prove their skills and then prove them again.“None of us are looking for a handout. We’re just looking for a level playing field,” said MaryAnne Gilmartin, the chief executive of the development company L&L MAG, which she co-founded in early 2018 after 23 years at Forest City New York, the last five as chief executive.“Where I feel concerned,” she added, “is that the #metoo backlash will mean that women won’t get opportunities because the men doing the hiring don’t want to open themselves up to confusion or claims about their behavior.”But Ms. Gilmartin said she also sees cause for optimism: “As women become more common in the real estate workplace and move up the ladder, we’re in a position to influence who makes up the team.”She is also hopeful because “there’s pressure on the all-male lineup to diversify,” she said. “This is an industry that changes because it has to, not because it wants to. The failure to address the women issue will cost them money and opportunities, so companies will do what they have to do.”Here are a few women who endured workplace slights because they were in places dominated by men, but who thrived nonetheless and now run their own corners of the real estate world.Industrial SuppliesLeslie Baltes began climbing the shelves of the industrial supply company Carter, Milchman & Frank when she was a child. Ms. Baltes is now 46 and the president of the Long Island City-based company — and she’s still climbing the shelves.But while her grandfather Herman Milchman was one of the founders of the company, and her mother and father took over the business in the 1980s, Ms. Baltes chose a different path — accounting. Half a dozen years ago, when her parents wanted to retire and pass the baton to her, Ms. Baltes’s response was quick and to the point: No way.“I don’t know how they got me,” she said.She now supervises a staff of 40, and almost half of them women. “I’m all about girl power,” Ms. Baltes said.Not everyone got the memo. When she started at the company and would order her drivers to get going with deliveries, “they looked at me like I had two heads,” Ms. Baltes said. “I had to be tough.”Then there was a lunch with, among others, the general contracting team for a large developer. Ms. Baltes had been asked to prepare a quote for some equipment and was told “the guys wanted to meet me,” she said. A casual lunch was set up, and over burgers, Ms. Baltes got a grilling.“Were you a manicurist or a hairdresser before you got this gig?” the men asked. “And who did you have to sleep with to get it?”“I said, ‘You guys are idiots. A manicurist? Look how bad my nails are. Look how bad my roots are,’” she recalled. “I made a joke. I said that my grandfather slept with my grandmother.”But sometimes being a woman is a bit of an advantage. “When my competitors and I are talking about our products, and there are 12 men and one me, and when I make my follow-up phone call, potential customers will remember me,” Ms. Baltes said. “And that’s important.”Granted, there is still a level of “you are the owner?” “But it’s getting better,” she said. “Every time I go to a job site, I see more women, and there’s an ease about it that wasn’t there five years ago.” She continued: “There’s a way to go. But now, even if men are thinking negative things, they don’t say them anymore.”Architecture and DesignElizabeth Roberts is the founder of a 20-person architecture firm in Brooklyn that bears her name. And although she has done some cultural and commercial projects, her concentration is on residential work.“I made a decision early on that I wanted that to be my focus,” said Ms. Roberts, 50, whose clients include the fashion designer Ulla Johnson and many in the entertainment industry, among them Maggie Gyllenhaal and her husband, Peter Sarsgaard. “I prefer working with families and helping them create a home.”Ms. Roberts said she experienced no gender bias whatsoever when, early in her career, she worked at the architecture firm Beyer Blinder Belle. And she said she has experienced it only rarely as the head of her own firm, whose staff, for the record, is 50 percent female.“I tend to focus on the positive side,” she said. “I tend to think that being a woman helps me in my job, because there’s a lot of balancing that needs to be done hourly and daily, and a need to keep your cool under pressure, and I think a lot of those things come with being a woman.”But, she added, “I wonder if I try to pretend that gender bias isn’t an issue.” Here, she is thinking of the surprised look she gets from contractors when they learn that not only is she the architect of record on a project but that she is also the boss of the team the contractor has been working with for the past year.She is thinking also about the difficult conversations she must sometimes have with clients about why the fearsomely expensive renovation has suddenly become even more expensive, and why the 18-month project is sliding past year two.“These clients are understandably stressed,” Ms. Roberts said. “But when I feel I’m being put in my place or talked down to or spoken to in a particular way, I often wonder: ‘If I were a 75-year-old man, would you be lecturing me about how things should have gone?’ I do think about that often.”Real Estate InvestmentRobin Zeigler’s degree in accounting took her to a job at Ernst & Young, as an auditor for Coca-Cola, in 1994. When, a few years later, she wanted to make a transition out of accounting, one of the female partners at the firm offered Ms. Zeigler the chance to move into the real estate group.She was eager, but unschooled. “I didn’t know what a real estate investment trust was. I went to a bookstore and bought every book they had on the subject and spent the weekend reading up,” said Ms. Zeigler, 47, who is now the chief operating officer and executive vice president of Cedar Realty Trust, an R.E.I.T. that owns, manages and redevelops grocery-anchored shopping centers in the Washington to Boston corridor. “Part of what helped my trajectory,” she said, “was taking advantage of opportunities, of saying yes to something and figuring it out later.”Ms. Zeigler quickly learned some things that weren’t in the books she read so diligently: Real estate is a relationship business, and people (that is to say, men) tend to form those relationships with people who are just like them (that is to say, other men). They develop those relationships on golf courses and in cigar bars, negotiating on the back nine and firming up the deal over a Cohiba.“It can be a challenge when deals are happening in places where females are not invited,” Ms. Zeigler said.It can also be a challenge even when females have every reason to be there. “I’ve experienced things like walking into a meeting that I’ve called and I’ve been asked by a man to get coffee,” Ms. Zeigler said. “I’ve responded, ‘I like mine with a little bit of cream and sugar, and I’m Robin Zeigler.’”She can’t make those annoyances vanish, she said, but she controls what she can: “I do make sure people know what I bring to the table and try to make my voice heard. When you’re the only woman in a room full of men, that can sometimes be difficult.” Keeping quiet at the conference table, she has learned, is often not the way to go. “If you have enough experience having a thought and not sharing the thought, and then having someone offer the thought that was your thought, you get the courage to share that thought when the thought occurs to you,” she said. “It’s not an issue for me anymore.”General ContractingBarbara Kavovit was 9 when her father handed her a Stanley hammer. “He wanted me to help him make bunk beds for my sister and me,” she said.“Thanks to my dad, who thought it was important for a girl to be independent, early on I had a taste of what it felt like to have self-esteem and to accomplish a goal,” said Ms. Kavovit, who has built on that childhood success, and then some.Soon after college graduation, she started her first business, Stand-Ins, a home-improvement company in Westchester County. After three years, Ms. Kavovit shuttered Stand-Ins, established a new company, Anchor, and moved her base of operations to New York City to take on corporate and retail construction projects. These included the construction of iVillage headquarters and Carnegie Hall Towers, and the build-out of Coty headquarters.In 2015, Ms. Kavovit, who is now in her late 40s, started Evergreen Construction, now a $30-million-a-year business with 22 employees (six of whom are women) and a focus on interior construction for corporate and retail projects. Evergreen’s client list includes companies like Bandier, Exhale Spa and the ceramics studio BKLYN CLAY.Despite such accomplishments, “I get challenged every day by men,” said Ms. Kavovit, who will likely face a fresh set of challenges as a supporting cast member on the new season of “The Real Housewives of New York City.” She recalled walking a potential client through a job site last year and stopping to ask her field supervisor a question. The field supervisor had a question of his own for the boss: “Do you know how to read a blueprint?”Yes, Ms. Kavovit knew how to read a blueprint, how to sign a paycheck and, come to think of it, how to fire a benighted employee. She proved it by sacking that supervisor posthaste. “It’s almost like there are some men who don’t want us to be on the job site,” she said. “Thank God there are companies and clients that do want me there.”Commercial Real EstateJoanne Podell, the executive chairwoman of Cushman & Wakefield, describes her career in commercial real estate as an accident. Previously she owned several thriving furniture stores.But because of a real estate blunder involving a storage facility and crippling rent, those stores went out of business.“I had chosen the locations for my stores and had negotiated all my leases,” said Ms. Podell, who is now in her 70s. “And a friend and mentor who worked in the furniture business told me, ‘If you can do it for yourself, you can do it for others.’”Well, sure she could, but first someone had to give her the chance. “Coming up was harder than it needed to be,” said Ms. Podell, who has been in the business for more than 25 years. “The problem was that everyone teamed up. It was a boys’ club, and it’s not that different today. I had no one to talk to and no one to mentor me. I had to learn on my own.”In particular, she remembers looking at a building with a school on the ground floor. “I thought, ‘Wow, that’s prime real estate. Maybe we can ask the school if it wants to move.’ How naïve to get involved with the Department of Education.”Because Ms. Podell failed to appreciate the complexity — and futility — of such an undertaking, she spent days and weeks calling people. “I wasted all that time on something I couldn’t realistically realize,” she said. “And for a broker, all you have is time.”Back then, the only real advantage to being a woman in the business was that there were very few women brokers, “and landlords would remember me,” she said. “The retailers had no problem with my being a woman. I had been a retailer; I understood the great risk they were taking, and they knew I was interested in doing the right thing for them.”Ms. Podell has now done enough deals — her clients include Nike, TD Bank, Ann Taylor and Luxottica — that the gender issue is no longer an issue. “But,” she added, “it only stopped being an issue about eight years ago.”Property AppraisalIn 1986, when Dina Miller, her brother, Jonathan, and other family members founded the real estate appraisal firm Miller Samuel, “there were very few female appraisers,” said Ms. Miller, 56, whose specialty is specialty work — determining the value of a common hallway that a co-op shareholder wants to buy, for example, and handling stratospherically expensive property, including the top-floor apartment at 432 Park Avenue.“The high-end and the unique are difficult to appraise. Obviously, there’s nothing to compare them to,” Ms. Miller said. “It’s not like a one-bedroom, where there are half a dozen similar sales in a building. You have to know the market and the nuances. I like that challenge.”And, of course, like a doctor who goes to a party and is buttonholed by strangers with questions about their ailments, Ms. Miller is frequently quizzed by friends about the value of their real estate. “They’ll say to me, ‘What is the market doing? What is my apartment worth? Do you think it’s listed too high?’ I’m happy to give them insight.”Sometimes, however, she is the one being appraised. “There’s the attitude of ‘Here comes this woman and what does she know?’ Fifteen years ago, I went to a high-end apartment and the wife opened the door. She looked at me, looked around to see if there was a man with me, then turned to her husband and said, ‘Look, honey, it’s a female appraiser,’ as if I were from the circus.”Matters have improved, because there are more female appraisers now, Ms. Miller said. “But you have some people who are very old school.”When, for example, she is on a site with a male trainee, “clients will often think the trainee is my boss,” Ms. Miller said. Questions about when the appraisal will be ready or whether they know about other sales in the building will be directed to the man.“We have to correct people and explain that he’s in training and I’m the owner of the company,” she said.Property ManagementIt was 1975, and Leslie Winkler was working on her doctorate in American history. She and her husband, a dentist, were out one night with another dentist and the dentist’s wife, who ran her family’s real estate business and who announced during dinner that she needed a managing agent.Ms. Winkler, disenchanted with academia, was intrigued. A managing agent — what’s a managing agent? A managing agent, she was told, was someone who visited people’s beautiful apartments. That sounded good to Ms. Winkler; she said she could start on Monday.She quickly learned that being a managing agent was not only about visiting beautiful apartments. It was about leaks, broken boilers, tenants who were hot and tenants who were cold, and tenants whose stoves and refrigerators were on the blink.“But it was such a problem-solving job and such a learning experience,” said Ms. Winkler, now 71 and the president of Halstead Management, with 200 residential properties under her supervision. “You’d go up on the roofs of these buildings and see the landscape of New York City and think, ‘This is really good.’” If Ms. Winkler was one of the few women in the property management business back then, it was fine with her. “I wasn’t intimidated at all,” she said. “I wanted to learn and put myself right out there.” It’s true that when she went to a meeting with a male colleague, most of the questions were directed to that colleague. “Even if you did have the answers, there was no presumption that you knew anything or were good at your job, but that was how it was. That was the business,” said Ms. Winkler, who is very much of the “if you don’t want ants in your food, don’t go on picnics” school of thought. “Either you accepted it and proved you were better than your male colleagues, or you got upset.”At least in part because of her own experiences, she has made a point of bringing women into the business and mentoring them, she said: “I hope I’m a role model to show them you can reach the top of your profession.”For weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here. Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together.In 1896, Adolph S. Ochs, the 38-year-old publisher of what is now The Chattanooga Times Free Press, was wrestling with a problem. That March, he had received a telegram from Harry Alloway, an acquaintance and reporter for The New York Times, a paper in decay. Mr. Alloway wrote that after years of struggling, The Times could be bought for a relatively small amount of money. It was in desperate need of rescue, but Mr. Ochs didn’t think he was capable of taking on such a challenge.Herman H. Kohlsaat, the owner of The Chicago Times-Herald, gave Mr. Ochs some advice over dinner: “Don’t tell anybody, and they’ll never find out.”Eventually he was persuaded. A day after assuming the role of publisher of The Times, Mr. Ochs made a promise in the pages of the paper, under the headline “Business Announcement”: “to give the news impartially, without fear or favor, regardless of party, sect, or interests involved.” Those few words, it turned out, would help bring the paper back from the brink.Impartiality, in which a clear distinction is drawn between the editorial section and the news report, is a cornerstone of newspapers today. But in the late 19th century, it was somewhat unusual. Papers openly aligned with political parties, and journalists often wove their opinions into their articles. New York tabloids known as penny presses thrived in such an environment; during the Spanish-American War, for example, William Randolph Hearst’s New York Journal and Joseph Pulitzer’s New York World made a killing providing so-called “yellow journalism” to readers — exaggerated and sometimes fantastical accounts of the war, available for just 1 cent.Mr. Ochs had faced a similar situation in Chattanooga. The population there, torn apart in previous decades by the Civil War, was mistrustful; he revitalized the declining and mismanaged paper by developing its reputation for reliable and dispassionate coverage.In 1896, The Times was the fourth-largest of the serious newspapers in New York City. There was The New York Sun, which, in Mr. Ochs’s opinion, was weak in reporting; The New York Herald, which catered to high society; and The New York Tribune, which made no secret of its Republican leanings. (The Times itself had demonstrated both Republican and Democratic political biases at different times over its five-decade existence, and leaned Democrat since the election of Grover Cleveland in 1884.) In other words, there was room in the market for a paper readers could trust.The Times needed some fixing up in other ways as well. The paper was difficult to read and lacked the necessary funds to produce regular photography, which Mr. Ochs immediately addressed by changing the type and improving the presses. Cuts were made — including serial fiction — as well as additions, some of which remain to this day: Mr. Ochs’s wife, Effie Wise Ochs, loved literature and persuaded him to add a book review.Under new management, advertisers called more, and The Times earned back much of its former respect from readers. But by the beginning of the Spanish-American War in 1898, it was still in debt, and its long-term viability was still in doubt. While The New York Journal and The New York World were able to use the profits reaped from selling sensationalized reports to send boats full of correspondents to the conflict, The Times published Associated Press articles because of a lack of funds.After the war, struggling circulation drove Mr. Ochs to execute one of the riskiest business decisions of his career: He lowered the cost of the paper to 1 cent, from 3 cents.Some of the paper’s staff at the time argued that the new price would place The Times in the same disreputable category as the yellow papers. Unrelenting, Mr. Ochs insisted that the paper would remain committed to the standards he had set a few years earlier — no fear, no favor — and said he believed a large number of potential readers in the penny market would gladly switch over.He was right. By the turn of the 20th century, circulation was almost 91,000, up from 9,000 when the paper was bought just four years earlier. Andrew Carnegie, one of the richest men alive, called the paper “the best cent’s worth” in the world.Follow the @ReaderCenter on Twitter for more coverage highlighting your perspectives and experiences and for insight into how we work.LONDON — Famous figures from across the fashion business and beyond remembered Karl Lagerfeld, the most prolific fashion designer of the 20th and 21st centuries, who died in Paris on Tuesday at what is believed to be the age of 85. (His age was disputed.)Mr. Lagerfeld, whose cause of death has not yet been disclosed but who had dealt with health issues for some time, was praised for his pioneering designs and showstopping runway sets, as well as his often outrageous opinions. Here is a roundup of some of what was said:Fashion FiguresAnna WintourThe Vogue editor paid tribute to her longtime friend on the magazine’s website on Tuesday. Ms. Wintour regularly wore Chanel to the most high-profile and significant events, from the Met Gala to her son’s wedding. Gigi HadidThe supermodel regularly worked with Mr. Lagerfeld, walking in Chanel runway shows and starring in Fendi advertising campaigns. On Instagram she expressed gratitude for his support and for “the honor of knowing the magic behind the myth.”Silvia FendiMs. Fendi worked with Mr. Lagerfeld for many years at the Italian design house that bears her family name. He joined Fendi as creative director in 1965.Clare Waight KellerThe British designer, who is the creative director of Givenchy, called Mr. Lagerfeld an “inspirational force” to other creative directors in the fashion industry. Hollywood and Music StarsLily AllenThe British pop singer had been a Lagerfeld muse for many years and was a regular guest at Chanel runway shows. On Twitter she wrote, “You made me feel like a princess. I never quite understood what you saw in me but I am forever grateful for the support that you and Chanel have given me over the last 15 years.”Gwyneth PaltrowThe actress posted a selfie with Mr. Lagerfeld on Instagram after the news of his death. Ms. Paltrow attended a Chanel couture show in 2016 and wore Mr. Lagerfeld’s designs on the red carpet. “There will never be another like you,” she wrote.BusinessBernard ArnaultThe LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton chairman and chief executive Bernard Arnault remembered Mr. Lagerfeld. LVMH is the parent group for Fendi, where Mr. Lagerfeld was the creative director. Alain WertheimerAlain and Gérard Wertheimer are the reclusive billionaire brothers who control Chanel. Alain is the chief executive of the company.Famous FansMelania TrumpThe first lady, a regular client of Chanel and Fendi, posted a tribute on Twitter. Last April, she wore a sleeveless Chanel gown to greet President Emmanuel Macron of France and his wife, Brigitte Macron, for a state dinner at the White House.Carla BruniThe onetime supermodel, former first lady of France and mainstay of the Chanel front row remembered Mr. Lagerfeld on her Instagram account.Three decades ago, Donald J. Trump waged a public battle with the talk show host Merv Griffin to take control of what would become Mr. Trump’s third Atlantic City casino. Executives at Mr. Trump’s company warned that the casino would siphon revenue from the others. Analysts predicted the associated debt would crush him.The naysayers would be proved right, but throughout the turmoil Mr. Trump fixated on just one outcome: declaring himself a winner and Mr. Griffin a loser.As president, Mr. Trump has displayed a similar fixation in his standoff with Congress over leveraging a government shutdown to gain funding for a wall on the Mexican border. As he did during decades in business, Mr. Trump has insulted adversaries, undermined his aides, repeatedly changed course, extolled his primacy as a negotiator and induced chaos.“He hasn’t changed at all,” said Jack O’Donnell, who ran a casino for Mr. Trump in the 1980s and wrote a book about it. “And it’s only people who have been around him through the years who realize that.”Mr. Trump briefly seemed to follow a more conventional approach for a president seeking consensus: encouraging his party leaders in Congress to negotiate a deal. Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican majority leader, shepherded a compromise in December that would have kept the government open and put off negotiations over a wall and other border security measures.Mr. Trump was expected to sign off on the deal, but then came the suggestion from conservative critics that he had caved in to Democrats — that he was a loser. It was a perception Mr. Trump could not bear, and he quickly reversed course.He also reverted to lifelong patterns in business. People who worked with him during those years say they see multiple parallels between Mr. Trump the businessman and Mr. Trump the steward of the country’s longest government shutdown.His lack of public empathy for unpaid federal workers echoes his treatment of some construction workers, contractors and lawyers whom he refused to pay for their work on his real estate projects. The plight of the farmers and small-business owners wilting without the financial support pledged by his administration harks back to the multiple lenders and investors who financed Mr. Trump’s business ventures only to come up shortchanged.And his ever-changing positions (I’ll own the shutdown; you own the shutdown; the wall could be steel; it must be concrete; then again, it could be steel) have left heads in both parties spinning. Even after his televised proposal on Saturday to break the deadlock, Mr. Trump has no progress to show.“I think he was always a terrible negotiator,” said Tony Schwartz, co-author with Mr. Trump of “The Art of the Deal.”That book, published in 1987, was intended to be an autobiography of Mr. Trump, who was 41 at the time. Mr. Schwartz said that he created the idea of Mr. Trump as a great deal maker as a literary device to give the book a unifying theme. He said he came to regret the contribution as he watched Mr. Trump seize on the label to sell himself as something he was not — a solver of complicated problems.Rather, Mr. Schwartz said, Mr. Trump’s “virtue” in negotiating was his relentlessness and lack of concern for anything but claiming victory.“If you don’t care what the collateral damage you create is, then you have a potential advantage,” he said. “He used a hammer, deceit, relentlessness and an absence of conscience as a formula for getting what he wanted.”In a brief telephone interview on Sunday, Mr. Trump was not specific in defending his tactics, but he described himself as successful in his chosen fields of real estate, entertainment and finally politics. “I ran for office once and I won,” Mr. Trump said.The president’s supporters say he gets an unfair rap as a poor negotiator, saying that his style and unusual approach — and unwillingness to accept defeat even in the worst situations — have often had positive results. And in a Washington that doesn’t like outsiders, he has clearly forced his adversaries out of their comfort zones.“President Trump’s success in business has translated into success as president,” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, said. “He’s ignited a booming economy with rising wages and historically low unemployment, negotiated better trade deals, persuaded our allies to contribute their fair share to NATO, and secured the release of American hostages around the world.”Representative Peter King, Republican of Long Island, said that even as Mr. Trump’s personal popularity had taken a hit during the shutdown, public support for his stated ambition — the border wall — had grown.“Having the bad hand that he dealt himself at the beginning, I think he’s making the best of it, better than anybody else could,” Mr. King said. “Only he would have the stamina, the determination to just keep going.”One example of that stamina — seen by others as evidence of unreliability — recounted in Mr. O’Donnell’s book, “Trumped! The Inside Story of the Real Donald Trump — His Cunning Rise and Spectacular Fall,” written with James Rutherford, involved the construction of an exclusive lounge at the top of a casino.Mr. Trump liked very high ceilings, according to the account. He screamed and cursed when he was told some ceilings had to be low to allow for pipes. He begrudgingly acquiesced. But he had forgotten by the time he next visited the construction site. He cursed again. Was reminded again. To the bewilderment of his executives, that cycle repeated itself several times.Finally, toward the end of construction, Mr. Trump reamed an executive with vulgarities, leapt up and punched a hole in one of the low ceilings. “After that day,” Mr. O’Donnell wrote, “Donald never set foot inside it again if he could help it.”In recent weeks, Mr. Trump has similarly laced into his acting chief of staff, Mick Mulvaney.Mr. Mulvaney pursued a rather standard tactic in ending the impasse over border security and a wall: He tried to find middle ground between the $1.3 billion to which Democrats had once agreed, and the president’s demand for $5.7 billion. But upon learning of Mr. Mulvaney’s efforts, Mr. Trump snarled in front of a crowded room that Mr. Mulvaney had messed “it all up” (using a vulgarity, according to two White House officials familiar with the remark.)“We are getting crushed!” Mr. Trump told Mr. Mulvaney, after watching television coverage of the shutdown.During his years in business, Mr. Trump earned a reputation as someone whose word meant very little. When a commitment he made no longer made sense, he walked away, often blaming the other party with a fantastical line of reasoning.To win financing from Deutsche Bank to build a Trump Hotel in Chicago, for example, Mr. Trump personally guaranteed $40 million of the debt. When he could not make his payments during the 2008 financial crisis, Deutsche Bank executives were open to granting him more time to repay the loan, a person briefed on negotiations later recalled.But before a compromise could be reached, Mr. Trump flipped the script. He filed a lawsuit and argued that the bank had helped cause the worldwide financial meltdown that essentially rendered Mr. Trump unable to make his debt payments. At the time, Deutsche Bank called the lawsuit “classic Trump.”The bank eventually settled with Mr. Trump, saving him from having to pay the $40 million. Mr. Trump expressed his gratitude to the lawyer who fought on his behalf by not fully paying his bill. “He left me with some costs,” said the lawyer, Steven Schlesinger.From the time he built his first Manhattan apartment building, Mr. Trump left a string of unpaid tabs for the people who worked for him.The undocumented Polish workers who did the demolition work for that first building, Trump Tower, eventually won a $1.375 million settlement. Since then, scores of lawyers, contractors, engineers and waiters have sued Mr. Trump for unpaid bills or pay. Typically, he responds by asserting that their work did not meet his standard.That might sound familiar to furloughed federal workers. Mr. Trump recently retweeted an article, attributed to an anonymous senior official in his administration, arguing that 80 percent of federal workers do “nothing of external value” and that “furloughed employees should find other work, never return and not be paid.”Mr. Trump has claimed, without evidence, that “maybe most” federal workers going without pay are “the biggest fan” of his use of the shutdown to fund a border wall. In ordering thousands back to work without pay, he has put the pain for the shutdown on them.Mr. Trump has also embraced his business practice of giving the most latitude and trust to family members, no matter their prior experience.He put his first wife, Ivana, a model, in charge of an Atlantic City casino and the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan. He put his younger brother, Robert, who had some background in corporate finance, in senior positions at the casinos. Not long after three of his children graduated from college, he vested authority in them over golf courses, hotels and licensing deals.In the White House, Mr. Trump has increasingly leaned on his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, for guidance on dealing with Congress amid the current stalemate. Mr. Kushner, who like Mr. Trump is the son of a wealthy real estate developer, has not always impressed old hands on Capitol Hill.He began some early conversations by saying that Democrats would need to yield because his father-in-law would not budge, a statement that lawmakers found naïve, according to Democrats familiar with the remarks.With Democrats now in charge of the House of Representatives, Mr. Trump also has a new set of adversaries, and other old habits from his years in business have re-emerged.Through his Twitter feed, he has verbally pummeled Senator Chuck Schumer, the minority leader, and tried to drive a wedge between Mr. Schumer and his fellow Democrat, Speaker Nancy Pelosi.Barbara Res, who said she enjoyed much about working for Mr. Trump as a construction executive in the 1980s and 1990s, sees in Ms. Pelosi a new challenge to Mr. Trump’s lifelong tactics. One blind spot she observed was that Mr. Trump “believes he’s better than anyone who ever lived” and saw even the most capable of women as easy to run over.“But there was never a woman with power that he ran up against, until Pelosi,” she said. “And he doesn’t know what to do with it. He’s totally in a corner.”In the interview, Mr. Trump described Ms. Res, Mr. O’Donnell and Mr. Schwartz as disgruntled workers whom he had shunted aside, who had experience with him for relatively brief periods and who were simply using his name for attention.During his years in business, Mr. Trump rarely displayed an interest in details or expert opinions that might have informed whether his plans would actually work. That pattern has also emerged in the shutdown dispute.Thirty years ago, his claimed defeat of Mr. Griffin turned out to be a Pyrrhic victory.Within months of completing construction on his third casino, the Trump Taj Mahal, he could not pay interest to the bondholders who had financed the project. Having overpaid and overleveraged himself on other deals, banks forced him to turnover or sell almost everything.His wealthy father helped bail him out. But Mr. Trump blamed everyone else. He fired nearly all his top executives and stopped paying contractors who had built the casino.In describing the border wall, Mr. Trump has expressed unending confidence in its efficacy. Others, including Representative Will Hurd, a Republican whose Texas district includes part of the border with Mexico, have described it as a tall speed bump, nearly useless without technology to spot illegal crossings immediately and dispatch border agents to quickly respond.Mr. O’Donnell, the casino manager, said long-term consequences never concerned Mr. Trump. He was always willing to pay too much in order to get a deal signed so he could declare victory, he said.“He just wants to get the deal,” Mr. O’Donnell said.Before entering a mosque in Christchurch, New Zealand, the site of one of the deadliest mass murders in the country’s history, a gunman paused to endorse a YouTube star in a video that appeared to capture the shooting.“Remember, lads, subscribe to PewDiePie,” he said.To an untrained eye, this would have seemed like a bizarre detour.But the people watching the video stream recognized it as something entirely different: a meme.Like many of the things done before the attack on Friday — like the posting of a 74-page manifesto that named a specific internet figure — the PewDiePie endorsement served two purposes. For followers of the killer’s videostream, it was a kind of satirical Easter egg. “Subscribe to PewDiePie,” which began as a grass-roots online attempt to keep the popular YouTube entertainer from being dethroned as the site’s most-followed account, has morphed into a kind of all-purpose cultural bat signal for the young and internet-absorbed.For everyone else, it was a booby trap, a joke designed to ensnare unsuspecting people and members of the media into taking it too literally. The goal, if there was one, may have been to pull a popular internet figure into a fractious blame game and inflame political tensions everywhere. In a tweet early Friday morning, PewDiePie, whose real name is Felix Kjellberg, said, “I feel absolutely sickened having my name uttered by this person.”New Zealand authorities have identified an accused gunman as Brenton Harrison Tarrant, 28, but it remains unclear if he acted alone.The details that have emerged about the Christchurch shooting — at least 49 were killed in an attack on two mosques — are horrifying. But a surprising thing about it is how unmistakably online the violence was, and how aware the shooter on the videostream appears to have been about how his act would be viewed and interpreted by distinct internet subcultures.In some ways, it felt like a first — an internet-native mass shooting, conceived and produced entirely within the irony-soaked discourse of modern extremism.The attack was teased on Twitter, announced on the online message board 8chan and broadcast live on Facebook. The footage was then replayed endlessly on YouTube, Twitter and Reddit, as the platforms scrambled to take down the clips nearly as fast as new copies popped up to replace them. In a statement on Twitter, Facebook said it had “quickly removed both the shooter’s Facebook and Instagram accounts and the video,” and was taking down instances of praise or support for the shooting. YouTube said it was “working vigilantly to remove any violent footage” of the attack. Reddit said in a statement that it was taking down “content containing links to the video stream or manifesto.”Even the language used to describe the attack before the fact framed it as an act of internet activism. In a post on 8chan, the shooting was referred to as a “real life effort post.” An image was titled “screw your optics,” a reference to a line posted by the man accused in the Pittsburgh synagogue shooting that later became a kind of catchphrase among neo-Nazis. And the manifesto — a wordy mixture of white nationalist boilerplate, fascist declarations and references to obscure internet jokes — seems to have been written from the bottom of an algorithmic rabbit hole.It would be unfair to blame the internet for this. Motives are complex, lives are complicated, and we don’t yet know all the details about the shooting. Anti-Muslim violence is not an online phenomenon, and white nationalist hatred long predates 4Chan and Reddit.But we do know that the design of internet platforms can create and reinforce extremist beliefs. Their recommendation algorithms often steer users toward edgier content, a loop that results in more time spent on the app, and more advertising revenue for the company. Their hate speech policies are weakly enforced. And their practices for removing graphic videos — like the ones that circulated on social media for hours after the Christchurch shooting, despite the companies’ attempts to remove them — are inconsistent at best.We also know that many recent acts of offline violence bear the internet’s imprint. Robert Bowers, the man charged with killing 11 people and wounding six others at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh, was a frequent user of Gab, a social media platform beloved by extremists. Cesar Sayoc, the man charged with sending explosives to prominent critics of President Trump last year, was immersed in a cesspool of right-wing Facebook and Twitter memes.People used to conceive of “online extremism” as distinct from the extremism that took form in the physical world. If anything, the racism and bigotry on internet message boards felt a little less dangerous than the prospect of Ku Klux Klan marches or skinhead rallies.[Read about the challenges of reporting on a shooting that was set up “as almost an internet performance.”]Now, online extremism is just regular extremism on steroids. There is no offline equivalent of the experience of being algorithmically nudged toward a more strident version of your existing beliefs, or having an invisible hand steer you from gaming videos to neo-Nazism. The internet is now the place where the seeds of extremism are planted and watered, where platform incentives guide creators toward the ideological poles, and where people with hateful and violent beliefs can find and feed off one another.So the pattern continues. People become fluent in the culture of online extremism, they make and consume edgy memes, they cluster and harden. And once in a while, one of them erupts.In the coming days, we should attempt to find meaning in the lives of the victims of the Christchurch attack, and not glorify the attention-grabbing tactics of the gunman. We should also address the specific horror of anti-Muslim violence.At the same time, we need to understand and address the poisonous pipeline of extremism that has emerged over the past several years, whose ultimate effects are impossible to quantify but clearly far too big to ignore. It’s not going away, and it’s not particularly getting better. We will feel it for years to come.On Dec. 14, 2017, Sara Tirschwell was called into an unscheduled meeting with the general counsel and chief compliance officer of her employer, the giant asset-management firm TCW. Ms. Tirschwell, 53, was an experienced investor who had been hired the previous year to raise and run a new distressed debt fund for TCW. Entering the conference room, high above Midtown Manhattan, she wasn’t sure what the meeting was about. It didn’t take long for her to find out: She was being fired.TCW alleged that just days earlier, Ms. Tirschwell breached an ethical wall by telling an employee in a different department about a potential deal. It was Ms. Tirschwell’s fifth violation in less than 18 months, the company said — more than any other employee had accumulated in such a short time, and cause for termination.As Ms. Tirschwell sat there processing the news, the chief executive of TCW, David Lippman, walked into the room. The company would offer her a severance package of $500,000 if she signed an agreement promising not to sue. “Look at me,” she recalled Mr. Lippman saying, according to a court filing. “This is not negotiable.”Ms. Tirschwell left the meeting without accepting the offer. This wasn’t actually about compliance, she believed. It was retaliation. Because there was an entirely different narrative that Ms. Tirschwell thought explained why TCW was so eager to get rid of her: Just nine days earlier, she had made a formal complaint of sexual harassment.On Dec. 5, Ms. Tirschwell had written TCW’s head of human resources to complain that her boss, Jess Ravich, had pressured her into sex several times during her tenure with the firm. When she stopped sleeping with Mr. Ravich, she claimed, he stopped supporting her fund, making it impossible for her to succeed at her job. The day after receiving her complaint, the human resources head and general counsel interviewed Ms. Tirschwell and promised to investigate. But then came her firing.In January 2018, Ms. Tirschwell sued TCW, Mr. Ravich and Mr. Lippman for retaliation, gender discrimination and breach of contract, claiming damages in excess of $30 million. TCW, the complaint says, “manufactured a potentially career-ending charge by falsely accusing Tirschwell” and tried to “force a quiet exit” by having her drop her claims.TCW, Mr. Lippman and Mr. Ravich deny the accusations. “These allegations are completely false,” Mr. Ravich said in a statement provided by his lawyer. He added, “As one of the seed investors in the distressed fund, it was in my financial best interest to help the fund succeed. Any claim that I withheld support for the fund is preposterous and completely illogical. I was Sara’s biggest supporter at TCW and had no role in the decision to fire her.”[Sign up for “With Interest.” It’s a Sunday newsletter with essential business insights that’ll prep you for the week ahead.]Though little known beyond the world of finance, TCW is one of the most powerful names on Wall Street, managing some $191 billion for clients, including enormous pension funds in California and Texas. With headquarters in Los Angeles, the firm last made big headlines a decade ago, after the firing of a star bond investor, Jeffrey Gundlach, set off a sensational legal battle and revealed a sometimes raucous company culture. Since then, TCW has operated mostly under the radar — until Ms. Tirschwell’s lawsuit.More than a year into the litigation, the two sides are at loggerheads. Unusually for a Wall Street firm, TCW has refused to settle, alleging that Ms. Tirschwell was a difficult and underperforming employee who saw she was in trouble and lodged a sexual harassment complaint before the company had the chance to let her go. Complicating matters, Ms. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich had been dating as recently as 2013. When she joined TCW, her ex-boyfriend was suddenly her boss.The case is slogging its way through the court system. Discovery is ongoing, there is zero talk of cutting a deal, and unless something dramatic happens, Sara Tirschwell v. TCW Group, David Lippman and Jess Ravich could become the first major Wall Street case of the #MeToo era to go to trial.Days in court have been rare for the movement — and rarer still for Wall Street, where grievances are typically dealt with in private, and by wire transfer, when they are dealt with at all. Ms. Tirschwell’s battle with TCW is changing that, offering an uncommon look at how sex, money and power really work in a supposedly rarefied industry. But in a case this charged — with Ms. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich directly contradicting each other in court filings — anyone looking for a tidy outcome is bound to be disappointed.A startling narrativeMs. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich first met around 1994, when she worked for a trading firm called Libra Securities, where he was the chief executive. After she left the company, they lost touch until 2011 or 2012, when they reconnected and dated for about a year.In 2015, Ms. Tirschwell began discussing the prospect of starting a new distressed debt fund with Mr. Ravich. He was living in Los Angeles and working as head of alternative products at TCW — an influential position that empowered him to launch new offerings and make key hires. Ms. Tirschwell started consulting for TCW, then joined the company as an employee in September 2016, reporting to Mr. Ravich.Intimate relations between employees and their managers are “strictly prohibited” at TCW, according to the company handbook. TCW was aware that Ms. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich had once dated, and it allowed her hiring to proceed. A TCW spokesman said Mr. Lippman spoke to both Ms. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich, and that they both pledged to keep things professional.But by this time, Ms. Tirschwell alleges, Mr. Ravich had already been pressuring her to have sex. In her lawsuit, she claims that “in or about April or early May 2016,” the two planned to have breakfast at Jean-Georges, a restaurant located in the Trump International Hotel & Tower on Central Park West, where Mr. Ravich had an apartment.According to the lawsuit, Mr. Ravich changed the plan and asked her to meet him upstairs at his apartment. When Ms. Tirschwell arrived, the suit claims, “he opened the door dressed in his white terry bathrobe.” After Mr. Ravich boasted about how much he had done for her, “he then made inappropriate and unwelcome sexual advances,” making her “feel as if rejection would mean the end of Ravich’s crucial support.”Ms. Tirschwell was “worried that if she refused him, the fund itself would never get off the ground,” the suit says, adding that “she reluctantly acquiesced.” The complaint alleges that Mr. Ravich took Ms. Tirschwell by the hand and “led her to the bedroom, where they had sex.” Afterward, it says, Ms. Tirschwell “jumped out of bed,” got dressed and left, feeling “sullied by the experience.”In her complaint, Ms. Tirschwell alleges that this incident was “the first of seven or eight” that Mr. Ravich arranged over the course of a year. Mr. Ravich “would usually answer his apartment door dressed in only his white terry bathrobe,” suggesting that “he expected sex as part of their business meeting.” Again and again, the lawsuit says, Ms. Tirschwell “felt she had no alternative but to acquiesce.” She also alleges that Mr. Ravich groped her in the TCW offices.All the while, Mr. Ravich worked to help Ms. Tirschwell’s fund get started. Ms. Tirschwell alleges that she stopped having sex with Mr. Ravich in February 2017, and that afterward, he withdrew support for her fund, depriving her of necessary accounting support, trade settlements and introductions to potential investors, and ultimately conspired with others at the firm to have her fired.Ms. Tirschwell’s experience might seem like the latest in a grim procession of #MeToo allegations. But her claims against TCW, Mr. Ravich and Mr. Lippman are complicated by a number of factors. Chief among them: Ms. Tirschwell can’t remember many of the events in question.I ‘don’t remember,’ 46 timesOn a frigid day in February, I went to the law offices of Storch Amini in Midtown Manhattan, where I met Ms. Tirschwell for the first time. We spoke for nearly six hours, discussing her career on Wall Street, her experience at TCW and the allegations in her lawsuit.“He had the power to make or break my professional trajectory,” she told me. “If he didn’t have that power, I would not have had sex with him. That’s my shame. My shame is that I played his game.”Ms. Tirschwell’s legal filing was thin on details, as is common for such complaints, and I hoped she would clarify exactly what had happened. Eventually, I asked her when the first incident took place.“I don’t know when the breakfast meeting was,” she said. “I don’t know if it was in April or May.”There is no record of them having breakfast in April or early May — no calendar appointment or email, for example — and I asked her how the meeting was scheduled.“I don’t remember how that meeting came to be,” she said.The first date for which there is a record of Ms. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich having breakfast in his apartment is May 24, 2016. When I asked her to describe what happened that day, Ms. Tirschwell offered a brief account that matched the claims in her complaint, but did not include any other specifics.I then asked if there was another such encounter between May 24 and July 8, the next date there is a record of them having breakfast at his apartment.“Don’t know,” Ms. Tirschwell said.I asked her to describe what happened on July 8.“I don’t remember,” she said.“Nothing about it?”“I don’t remember,” she said.I asked Ms. Tirschwell to describe the events of Sept. 8, another date when there is a record of them having breakfast at his apartment.“Don’t remember,” she said.I asked her if she told anyone what was happening at the time.“I don’t remember,” she said. “I don’t remember talking about it.”Each time I asked Ms. Tirschwell to provide details of the dates, circumstances or experiences of the seven or eight instances she says she had sex with Mr. Ravich in his apartment, she struggled to remember the events in any detail. In total, Ms. Tirschwell used the phrase “don’t remember” some 46 times.After asking about the details in her complaint for nearly an hour, I asked her how, after 10 months of this, she finally communicated to Mr. Ravich that she would no longer have sex with him.“I don’t know,” she said, sounding frustrated. “I don’t know. I don’t remember.”‘Sex, and control’Though Ms. Tirschwell does not recall telling anyone about the alleged sexual harassment while it was happening, at least two people remember hearing about it.On May 24, 2016, Ulrika Parash, a confidante of Ms. Tirschwell’s, got a text from her friend. “Had sex w/Jess this morning,” read the message, which was reviewed by The New York Times.Ms. Parash said in an interview that after receiving the message, she spoke with Ms. Tirschwell, who told her that Mr. Ravich was making it seem like his support for her fund was contingent on her willingness to have sex.“He would dangle a carrot and take it back, dangle a carrot and take it back,” Ms. Parash said. “It was all predicated on whether she would give him what he wanted, and that was sex, and control over her.”Ms. Tirschwell also told her psychiatrist that she had resumed an intimate relationship with Mr. Ravich and “indicated that she didn’t want to continue it,” during appointments in 2016 and 2017, according to a deposition of the psychiatrist reviewed by The Times.And in hundreds of text messages between Ms. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich reviewed by The Times, he engaged in banter that crossed the line between the professional and the personal. “Love u,” Mr. Ravich texted Ms. Tirschwell on her birthday. After Mr. Ravich agreed to give Ms. Tirschwell tickets to a New York Rangers hockey game, he texted her to ask, “And what do i get:).”He would sign texts with phrases like “Sweet dreams” and “Xx.” Once, when she texted him an innocuous photo, he replied, “Didn’t know what to expect when I opened a pix from you! :D.” Another time, Mr. Ravich seemed to suggest that he wanted to see her in the evening, if not for a houseguest. “At whiskey tasting,” he wrote. “If scott weren’t staying over....”The volume of their personal texting appears to slow after February 2017, which is when Ms. Tirschwell says she ended the sexual relationship. While she continued to sign texts “Xo,” Mr. Ravich displayed less affection, and the conversation became increasingly one-sided. Frequently, Ms. Tirschwell would try to get in touch with Mr. Ravich to discuss business. He tended to reply briefly, or sometimes not at all.Mr. Ravich’s lawyers argue, though, that the documentary trail exonerates him. TCW work calendars, they say, rule out the possibility of a morning sexual encounter for all but three dates between April 1 and Sept. 8 of 2016, with one or both of the two either out of town or accounted for. Mr. Ravich acknowledges that he and Ms. Tirschwell had breakfast in his apartment on those three occasions — on May 24, July 8 and Sept. 8 — but denies they had sex.He also disputes that he owns a white terry cloth bathrobe. Rather, his lawyers say, he has two cashmere robes, one pink and one red.A $100 million targetMs. Tirschwell joined TCW in September 2016 at a salary of $250,000, with a guaranteed bonus of at least $500,000. Her employment agreement stipulated that unless her new distressed debt strategy had $100 million in assets by March 31, 2017, her contract would terminate.The target turned out to be ambitious. Ms. Tirschwell and people she knew invested about $16 million, and Mr. Ravich and other TCW employees contributed about $14 million. The biggest outside investment, about $20 million, came from Michael Milken, the infamous junk bond investor. Mr. Ravich had once worked for Mr. Milken, and used his connections to help Ms. Tirschwell secure a deal.Over the course of a year, Ms. Tirschwell and her team had more than 150 meetings with potential investors. But despite these efforts, no additional investors came on as a result of the marketing. By February 2017, it was clear that the fund was not going to amass $100 million, and TCW extended the automatic termination deadline to Feb. 28, 2018.At times, Ms. Tirschwell expressed her frustration with the fund’s performance. “This was a pretty tough week,” she texted Mr. Ravich on June 17, 2017. She added that if the product failed to achieve a certain return, “I think we need to seriously consider liquidating. I do not want to lose $ for anyone.”In her complaint, Ms. Tirschwell said that after February 2017, TCW reduced her access to key resources. But in an email she sent Mr. Lippman on Nov. 16, 2017, with an update on the fund, she expressed some optimism. “Our team seems to be gelling,” she wrote. “I have great hopes for what we can accomplish in a way that reflects well on the broader TCW platform. Thank you for your support.”By the time Mr. Lippman received that email, Ms. Tirschwell’s fate at the firm was all but decided. TCW has alleged that her compliance transgressions include executing a trade order after its approval had expired; violating a “short swing” rule, raising concerns about insider trading; and engaging in what amounted to front-running, selling a security she held in her personal portfolio before she sold the same security in the fund she managed professionally. By mid-November, according to the firm’s response to her lawsuit, the decision had been made not to re-up her employment contract beyond February 2018 because her “ability to make good on her promises to raise $100 million … appeared speculative at best.”Ms. Tirschwell was also looking for a way out of TCW by September of that year, asking contacts for introductions to head hunters and seeking employment elsewhere, according to communications reviewed by The Times.Mr. Ravich’s lawyers say that he lobbied Mr. Lippman to keep her on and advocated that she receive additional bonus awards. But Mr. Lippman was unswayed, and Mr. Ravich told Ms. Tirschwell that it was unlikely her contract would be renewed. The two had informal discussions about a severance package, and Ms. Tirschwell asked for $2 million. Mr. Ravich said a severance of around $700,000 was more likely, according to her complaint.On Dec. 5, Mr. Ravich told Ms. Tirschwell that Mr. Lippman wanted to meet with her the next day, and that she would likely be told that her contract would not be re-upped. Later that day, Ms. Tirschwell made her complaint about sexual harassment.Meeting with the general counsel, Meredith Jackson, and the head of human resources the next day, Ms. Tirschwell told her story. Upon hearing it for the first time, Ms. Jackson was skeptical. “She was talking about what she described as nonconsensual sexual interaction that had happened recently, and she didn’t seem to remember anything about it, which I thought was very strange,” Ms. Jackson said in a deposition.Beyond finding Ms. Tirschwell’s allegations hard to believe, Ms. Jackson suggested they had the look of a shakedown. “Why hadn’t she raised a complaint earlier?” Ms. Jackson said. “The timing was convenient for someone to make a complaint on their way out the door.”Mr. Ravich joins the boardOn Dec. 27, 2017, just weeks after he had been accused of sexually harassing one of his employees, Mr. Ravich was publicly named to TCW’s board of directors. Mr. Ravich’s appointment was decided before Ms. Tirschwell lodged her complaint, and the company did not revisit the matter before it was announced.It was a short-lived tenure. On Oct. 4, 2018, Mr. Ravich stepped down from the board after an internal TCW investigation discovered “unprofessional communications” between him and Ms. Tirschwell.Little else has changed. Mr. Ravich is still running alternative products at TCW. Ms. Tirschwell is unemployed and working with lawyers to pursue her case. And TCW, which in December was named one of the “best places to work” by Pension & Investments, has largely moved on.The company said in a statement that since 2012, when Mr. Lippman became chief executive, the company has “received no complaints of sexual harassment or gender-based discrimination or hostile work environment other than the complaint made by Ms. Tirschwell.” Since Ms. Tirschwell filed her case, no other women have come forward with similar allegations against TCW or Mr. Ravich.Mr. Ravich has offered no explanation for his suggestive texts, or Ms. Tirschwell’s contemporaneous accounts to Ms. Parash and her psychiatrist. But in a deposition reviewed by The Times, Mr. Ravich said that if even some of Ms. Tirschwell’s allegations were true, he should be out of a job.“If I had sex with Sara while she was an employee of TCW, I should be terminated,” Mr. Ravich said. “And I would be terminated.”Ms. Tirschwell, meanwhile, has brushed aside her compliance violations as overblown, and blamed her inability to meet her fund-raising target on a conspiracy at TCW led by Mr. Ravich. As for why she has such vague memories of the alleged sexual encounters, Ms. Tirschwell said she just wasn’t sure.“I don’t know,” she said. “I don’t have it in this head.”ANGOULÊME, France — It’s a big year for comic book anniversaries. Batman’s 80th is this year, and Asterix is turning 60. But at the Angoulême International Comics Festival in France, which finished on Sunday, there was a sense that the form’s best days may be yet to come — in the French-speaking world, at least.“It’s a kind of golden age,” said Jean-Luc Fromental, a comic book author who also runs a graphic-novel imprint for the publisher Denoël. “There has never been so much talent. There have never been so many interesting books published.”There are now more comic books published annually in France and Belgium than ever before, according to the festival’s artistic director, Stéphane Beaujean. “The market has risen from 700 books per year in the 1990s to 5,000 this year,” he said in an interview. “I don’t know any cultural industry which has had that kind of increase.”Research by the market research company GfK, released to coincide with the festival, showed that turnover in the comic book industry in those two countries alone reached 510 million euros, or around $580 million, in 2018.The bumper year in France and Belgium contrasts with a mixed situation worldwide. Comichron, a website that reports on comic book sales in the United States, where the market is worth around $1 billion, says that sales there are declining.But in terms of respect and recognition, comics are on the way up. In July, “Sabrina,” by the American artist Nick Drnaso, became the first graphic novel to be nominated for the Man Booker Prize, Britain’s most prestigious literary award. “March: Book Three,” a graphic novel about the civil rights movement, won the National Book Award for Young People’s Literature in 2016.In Angoulême, a city about 450 kilometers, or 280 miles, southwest of Paris, comic books aren’t merely an annual preoccupation. Visitors arriving by train are greeted outside the station by an obelisk honoring René Goscinny, one of the creators of Asterix. There’s a comics museum, and a comics library.The festival, spread out in venues across the city, featured comic books on just about every conceivable subject — the life of Jules Verne, the wines of Burgundy, erotic stories set in space, even one whose main character is a gym sock. The St.-Martial church was repurposed as a shop specializing in comic book titles for Christian readers, whether modern spiritual tales or retellings of Bible stories.The Angoulême event is unusual in its embrace of comics from around the world, including, but not limited to, those from the three traditions that dominate the form here: French-Belgian, American and Japanese manga. “It’s the only place in the world where you can see all the comics created in the world,” said Beaujean, who this year has doubled the size of an area where publishers can buy rights to international titles.Books featuring classic characters like Donald Duck, Wonder Woman and Tintin were available in both freshly-printed form and as secondhand rarities. And while occasional encounters with men in superhero outfits are unavoidable at an event like this, Angoulême has a very different atmosphere from its American counterparts such as Comic-Con.“In America, it’s about the pop culture, which would include everything from Marvel movies to Lego,” said the American comic book artist Terry Moore, the author of a 26-year-old series, “Strangers in Paradise.” “In France, I’m seeing that it’s about books, books, books,” he said.On Saturday, France’s culture minister, Franck Riester, gave a speech comparing the event’s role in the world of comics to that of the Cannes Film Festival in cinema, and Jean-Michel Blanquer, the education minister, visited on Thursday. The attendance by government officials underscored the way the “ninth art,” as comic books are sometimes referred to in France, is not a niche pursuit but a mainstream activity.The Angoulême festival announces a number of prizes each year, their recipients chosen by fellow comics artists. This year, for the first time, women won both of the festival’s biggest awards. A jury of seven artists selected the debut graphic novel by the American author Emil Ferris, “My Favorite Thing Is Monsters,” as winner of the Fauve d’Or, or Golden Wildcat award, for the year’s best book.The Japanese Manga artist Rumiko Takahashi won the Grand Prix, the festival’s lifetime achievement award. Takahashi began publishing manga comics in 1978 and her books, including “Inuyasha,” about a time-traveling schoolgirl, have sold more than 200 million copies. She is only the second woman to win the prize.Angoulême is a cornerstone of the comics industry in France and Belgium, but some in the field say the exuberant headlines conceal a more complex picture. A common refrain is that the huge increase in titles has meant that, while there’s more money in the industry, there are also a greater number of authors grasping for a share of it.Benoît Peeters, an author of comic books who has also written a biography of the philosopher Jacques Derrida, said in an interview that despite the increase in overall readership, “the sales of each book, except for those like Asterix and manga, are going down.”Peeters founded an organization called The General State of Comics to lobby publishers and the French government to defend the interests of comic book artists.He said that publishers were hedging their bets by signing up for too many books, with smaller titles often receiving inadequate support as a result. “I think the publishers need to make some choices,” he said. “When they choose a book they have to defend it and promote it.”But in France, at least, comic books were taken seriously as an art form, Peeters said. “When I was a young author I came from a more literary world,” he said. “People said, ‘What are you doing with comics? You are a clever person. You should work with movies or literature.’ Now, nobody would say that.”Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Hi there! Have you too been sucked into the decluttering vortex of Marie Kondo’s new Netflix show? You’re in good company. Who knew sock folding could be such a phenomenon?I’m sure we’ve all got a lot of cleaning — er, “sparking joy” — to do today, so I’ll keep this week’s rundown of business news nice and tidy. Once you’re caught up, you’ll still have plenty of time to arrange all your T-shirts into neat little rectangles. It may not be quite as mesmerizing as watching strangers sort their laundry on television, but only just.JAN. 6-12What’s Up? Your Government, Not at WorkThe government shutdown continues to drag on, but at least tax refunds won’t be held up. The White House will order some Internal Revenue Service employees to return to work so that the tax filing season can begin and refunds can be issued. But this is a rare positive turn as the shutdown’s effects pile up. Crucial government loans have stalled. The Food and Drug Administration has stopped routine safety inspections of vegetables, fish, and other groceries (yikes). The Miami airport is closing a terminal because of a shortage of Transportation Security Administration officers. And despite volunteers' efforts, the public bathrooms at some national parks remain gross.The Fed’s Cooler HeadYou can stop fretting about loan rates going up, at least for now. The Fed is taking a more cautious approach to raising interest rates, according to documents released from its December meeting. Like the rest of us, officials are wary about downshifts in economic growth and trade tensions with China. (The latter seemed a bit less ominous after trade talks last week, but bigger sticking points have yet to be resolved.) The Fed still plans to increase rates twice this year, but probably not at its January or March meetings. As the Fed’s chairman, Jerome H. Powell, put it on Thursday, “We’re going to be patient and watching, and waiting and seeing.”Another Glass Ceiling BreaksCBS News made a surprise announcement on Sunday that Susan Zirinsky would succeed David Rhodes as its new (and first female) president. The inspiration for the ambitious, principled character played by Holly Hunter in the movie “Broadcast News,” Ms. Zirinsky has been at CBS for over four decades. She’s got her work cut out for her: The network has recently weathered numerous bombshells about its corporate culture and fired several prominent figures — most notably its morning show anchor Charlie Rose and its chief executive, Leslie Moonves — after they were accused of sexual misconduct.JAN. 13-19What’s Next? This Song Again?Yes, we’ve heard this before: The British Parliament will vote this Tuesday on a proposal for Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union. No one expects the beleaguered Brexit plan to pass, just as it didn’t back in December, and Prime Minister Theresa May is scrambling to pull together a backup strategy. Desperate measures may soon be in order, and Chancellor Sebastian Kurz of Austria became the first European Union leader to suggest an extension of Brexit’s March 29 deadline. But would more time change anybody’s mind?It’s Earnings SeasonThe six largest banks in the United States will report their fourth-quarter results this week. If they report lower than expected numbers, the news could be read as another canary in the coal mine for a potential economic slowdown. Most banks have booked record returns for almost a year, thanks to tax cuts and a humming economy, but volatile markets at the end of 2018 could have put an end to this streak. Citigroup will release its earnings on Monday, followed by JPMorgan and Wells Fargo on Tuesday and Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America on Wednesday.More Bad BloodWe haven’t heard much recently about Theranos, the seemingly miraculous blood-testing start-up that last year turned out to a giant fraud. But that may change on Monday, when a federal court in California holds a hearing on criminal charges against Theranos’s former chief executive, Elizabeth Holmes, and its former president, Ramesh “Sunny” Balwani (also Ms. Holmes’s erstwhile boyfriend). Indicted on charges of conspiracy and wire fraud last summer, they could each face prison sentences of up to 20 years.What Else?Lots of car news these days. The North American International Auto Show, one of the world’s biggest, hits Detroit on Monday; electric cars are expected to be a hot topic. Fiat Chrysler agreed on Wednesday to pay nearly $650 million to settle lawsuits over its use of illegal software on diesel vehicles to produce false results on emissions tests. Tangentially related: The Chrysler building — once New York City’s tallest structure — is for sale.What Counts$137 billion: The net worth of Jeff Bezos, Amazon’s chief executive and the world’s richest man. But that number may soon change, as Mr. Bezos and his wife of 25 years, MacKenzie Bezos, announced their divorce last Wednesday. Ms. Bezos, a novelist, may be entitled to a sizable stake in Amazon as well as half of all those billions, which would make her — you guessed it — the world’s richest woman.WASHINGTON — Rhona Graff, President Trump’s longtime executive assistant, was asked for documents related to foreign governments providing gifts or money to Ivanka Trump or her businesses.Anatoli Samochornov, the Russian translator who sat in on a meeting between Trump campaign officials and Russian lobbyists, was asked to hand over handwritten notes showing any capital investment from Russian entities to Ms. Trump or her businesses.And Jeff Sessions, the former attorney general, was asked for any documents related to loans or capital investments from Russians directed to Ms. Trump.The president’s elder daughter and top White House adviser was notably absent from a blitz of document requests that the House Judiciary Committee sent earlier this month to 81 individuals and organizations linked to the president. House Democrats have been cautious about targeting Ms. Trump and the other Trump children as they investigate the president, worried about triggering a backlash.But a close read of the document requests suggests they aren’t exactly tiptoeing around the first daughter, either.Of the 81 document requests sent, 52 individuals and organizations were asked to turn over documents related to Ms. Trump or her business interests.White House officials are viewing the document requests as an attempt by the House Judiciary Committee to set the stage for potentially impeaching the president. But the inquiries related to Ms. Trump follow a side track: They ask for documents related to any financial benefit that Ms. Trump or her businesses reaped from foreign and domestic governments after the 2016 election. And they provide a hint of how Representative Jerrold Nadler of New York, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, may be planning to look into potential financial conflicts of interest from Ms. Trump.“She’d be in violation of the Constitution if she was getting any business deals from foreign governments,” said Richard W. Painter, who served as chief ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush. Mr. Painter was referring to the emoluments clause of the Constitution, which prohibits government officials from accepting payments or gifts from foreign governments.“They’re also going after other payments that aren’t emoluments clause violations that we ought to know about that could be creating financial conflicts of interest for her,” Mr. Painter said. “The idea here is to get an awful lot of information we would have had if there had been more detailed disclosures about the entities the Trump family controls.”A spokesman for the House Judiciary Committee declined to comment on the committee’s interest in Ms. Trump. But Mr. Nadler has said that the 81 requests were only the first tranche and that requests to others, including Ms. Trump, could “quite conceivably” follow.The characters working behind the scenes on the document requests also provide a hint of what the Judiciary Committee is looking for. In February, House Democrats retained Norman L. Eisen, a litigator and prominent Trump critic, to begin its inquiries into the president. Mr. Eisen, who played a large role in overseeing the document requests, has also been vocal about potential emoluments clause violations from the president and his family. In December 2016, for instance, he was an author of a report for the Brookings Institution, “The Emoluments Clause: Its text, meaning, and application to Donald J. Trump.”Ms. Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, never completely divested from their companies even after taking top White House positions. Their income in 2017, from various investments they remained involved in through vehicles and trusts, was $82 million to $222 million, according to their ethics disclosures. In 2017, Ms. Trump earned more than $5 million from her namesake fashion brand, according to financial disclosures.In July 2018, Ms. Trump shut down her fashion brand, amid concerns that the family was profiting from the presidency. But she has continued to seek trademarks in China to avoid competitors from profiting off her name, according to a spokeswoman.House Democrats appear to be looking to see if she leveraged her role in government to profit for herself.Among those asked to produce documents that could show foreign-government involvement with Ms. Trump are George Nader, the Lebanese-American businessman who is cooperating with the special counsel’s inquiry; Erik Prince, the founder of the security contractor formerly known as Blackwater; Matthew Calamari, the former Trump bodyguard turned businessman; and Hope Hicks, a former White House communications director.Others were Corey Lewandowski, the former Trump campaign manager; Michael T. Flynn, the former national security adviser, and Allen Weisselberg, the chief financial officer of the Trump Organization.Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, did not respond to a request for comment.Abbe Lowell, a lawyer for Mr. Kushner, declined to comment.Each week, technology reporters and columnists from The New York Times review the week’s news, offering analysis and maybe a joke or two about the most important developments in the tech industry. Want this newsletter in your inbox? Sign up here.Hi. I’m Jamie Condliffe; greetings from London. Here’s a look at the week’s tech news.Can Facebook profit from privacy?You can’t have missed it: Facebook plans to shift people toward private messaging and away from the public broadcasting on which its business was built. Think encrypted communications among smaller groups of people, and ephemeral messages that can be deleted. In theory, that change could help the company overcome some of the problems it has faced.But Facebook has promised privacy features before that have never appeared — something skeptics were quick to point out after the plan was revealed on Thursday.“I understand that many people don’t think Facebook can or would even want to build this kind of privacy-focused platform,” Mark Zuckerberg, the company’s chief executive, wrote in a 3,200-word manifesto describing the shift.If we are to assume he means it, there’s still a huge problem: He lacks a business model.A shift to a private Facebook would crimp its current revenue streams. Most of its profits come from targeted ads enabled by the open sharing of content. In the encrypted future that Mr. Zuckerberg imagines, that will be hard. The company would also effectively rule out expansion into big potential markets like Russia and China, because it won’t run servers in countries with authoritarian governments.So how can it make money? Mr. Zuckerberg mentions commerce and payments, which fits with reports that Facebook is building a cryptocurrency. But that’s all he says, really.Mr. Zuckerberg seems O.K. with the lack of a plan. “The basic way that we’ve approached things is first to focus on building the consumer service that people really want,” he said to Wired. “That will be the foundation. If we do that well, the business will be fine.”Of course, a trick for monetizing private messaging may be hidden in his back pocket. If it isn’t, his critics’ skepticism may be proved right.Big Tech antitrust, in the HouseEarlier in the week, Representative David Cicilline, the Rhode Island Democrat who leads the House antitrust subcommittee, proposed an idea to curb Big Tech’s dominance.During the Great Depression, the Glass-Steagall Act forced banks to separate commercial and investment banking operations. Mr. Cicilline told the Financial Times that something similar could apply to tech.“It’s an interesting idea whether there would be a way to think about separating what platforms do versus people who are selling products and information,” he said.Sadly, this feels like a nonstarter. Splitting the operations of banks was relatively straightforward; the data sales and platform components of companies like Google and Facebook are (whatever Mr. Zuckerberg says) deeply intertwined.Still, it’s probably one of many options. “There aren’t easy answers” to Big Tech antitrust questions, Mr. Cicilline said to Bloomberg Opinion in January. “We’re not going to approach this, like, ‘Here’s my solution.’”He has the wind at his back. Congressional hearings with Facebook and others last year revealed that lawmakers in both parties have antitrust concerns about tech companies. And the Federal Trade Commission recently announced a task force of 17 lawyers dedicated to “monitoring competition in U.S. technology markets.” The commission’s director of competition, Bruce Hoffman, said some companies could be forced to “spin off” previous acquisitions.How far these efforts will go — and how quickly — remains unclear. It may be difficult to prove violation of federal antitrust law until the laws are updated to better apply to technology companies. And splitting a company like Facebook or Google would require costly, lengthy legal battles that the government may yet balk at.Who’s to blame for robo-car deaths?Arizona prosecutors said Tuesday that they wouldn’t charge Uber with a crime after one of its autonomous cars hit and killed a pedestrian last year. Instead, they said investigators should look into what the safety driver “would or should have seen that night.”One interesting point about the news was raised by Frank Douma, a researcher at the University of Minnesota’s Center for Transportation Studies:“It’s a very conventional way of thinking to say we can expect and we should expect people to sit and monitor technology that is otherwise doing all the decision-making.”The “handoff problem” — that humans are too easily distracted to safely retake control of an autonomous vehicle in an emergency — is well documented. The Uber accident provided a first glimpse of how the law would deal with that issue. It suggests that, for now, the onus remains on the “driver.”Huawei is angry. Maybe too angry.The Chinese telecom giant Huawei sued the United States government on Wednesday over a ban that prevents government agencies from using the company’s products because they may violate national security. Days earlier, Meng Wanzhou, the company’s chief financial officer, sued the Canadian authorities for arresting her.Huawei is aggrieved by the Trump administration’s hardware ban and its lobbying of other governments to shun the company’s products when building 5G wireless data networks. The lawsuits are just one response: A defensive advertising campaign and outspoken interviews were already in play.Those more conventional lobbying approaches may have been working: Countries like Britain and Germany, which have considered the White House’s pleas, have wavered and may ultimately use Huawei hardware.But the lawsuits make Huawei look rash and aggressive. Is that the kind of company a government wants to help build critical infrastructure?And some stories you shouldn’t missThe National Security Agency stopped its controversial phone spying. The system, which analyzed logs of Americans’ domestic calls and texts and was introduced to surveil conspirators in Al Qaeda, has been scrapped.Google said it was paying male workers too little. It gave $9.7 million in additional compensation to level things up for 10,677 employees, about 69 percent of them men. But the survey that led to the raises did not address a critical question: Are women hired at a pay grade below their qualifications?Net neutrality is back in Washington. Congressional Democrats announced bills that seek to reinstate net neutrality rules. Whether the bills can pass is another matter.Chinese hackers hit universities. An elaborate set of attacks sought to steal research about military maritime technology.Artificial intelligence cameras can spot shoplifters before they steal. Software can identify “restlessness and other potentially suspicious body language,” according to Bloomberg. You don’t know data overload. Gizmodo invites you to meet the digital hoarders who collect “terabytes of text files.”Jamie Condliffe is editor of the DealBook newsletter. Follow him on Twitter here: @jme_c.BATON ROUGE, La. — It was a squabble over $2.9 million in property-tax breaks — small change for Exxon Mobil, a company that measures its earnings by the billions.But when the East Baton Rouge Parish school board rejected the energy giant’s rather routine request last month, the “no” vote went off like a bomb in a state where obeisance to the oil, gas and chemical industries is the norm.The local chamber of commerce took out a full-page newspaper ad, warning of a rise of “radicalism.” The head of the Louisiana Association of Business and Industry wrote that “the anti-business crowd has had their fun,” but needed to “cool their jets.”And now, somewhat surprisingly, business-friendly Louisiana finds that it is the latest flash point in a roiling, community-by-community debate that pits liberals and local activists against defenders of the lavish tax incentives offered to woo big business.It has been a David vs. Goliath story in the Louisiana capital, where a grass-roots coalition of black and white churches, activists and ordinary citizens have successfully clamored to democratize a system that used to dole out billions in property-tax breaks without giving the local school boards, city councils and other government entities that depend on those taxes any say in the matter.The vote has also revived a vexing, and defining, Louisiana question about the deference a perennially impoverished state must show to big business.“We’ve allowed the oil and gas industry to hijack our democracy,” said Russel L. Honoré, a retired Army lieutenant general who earned acclaim for leading the military response to Hurricane Katrina, and who had urged the East Baton Rouge Parish school board to reject the exemptions. “The industry will brag about it all the time, how well we’re doing in terms of business development. Well, if we’re doing so well, why are we the second-poorest state?”Complaints that state and local governments have given away the farm to big business have flared recently in other states as well, most sharply in New York City, where liberal politicians and union supporters have blasted the incentives of up to $3 billion that helped woo Amazon’s new corporate offices in Queens. In Virginia, a socialist state House member, Lee Carter, has called a $70 million grant package for the chip maker Micron “corrupt.”But the tone is markedly different in Baton Rouge. Though the city is home to the state’s flagship university, it is more Bakersfield than Berkeley, defined strongly by the business and culture of the oil patch. Exxon Mobil’s vast old refinery on the North Side has employed generations of local workers. It is the area’s largest manufacturer and largest taxpayer.Dawn Chanet Collins was among the school board members who voted against the tax break in a 5-4 vote in mid-January. Though she praised the oil giant for the donations and volunteer hours it showers on local schools, she said that giving the company exemptions for the already completed expansions of the refinery and a polymer plant simply did not make sense.The school district is in a budget crisis, and it is looking for ways to cut roughly $30 million in future spending. Layoffs may be on the table. Teachers say that administrators have even been rationing paper.“It would have been completely irresponsible for the board to say, ‘Go ahead, keep your money,’ when we have to fill a $30 million gap on our end,” Ms. Collins said.For decades, industrial property-tax breaks in Louisiana were in the sole control of a little-noticed state board that approved them with no local input — a system unique in the nation, according to Greg LeRoy, executive director of Good Jobs First, a nonprofit group that tracks such incentives.Gov. John Bel Edwards, a moderate Democrat, overhauled the process in 2016 with an executive order that for the first time in 80 years gave local governments the right to decide whether their revenue would be sacrificed to aid industry.In the months before Mr. Edwards’s order, the state’s Industrial Tax Exemption Program, or ITEP, had been thrust into the public debate by the efforts of the grass-roots coalition, known as Together Baton Rouge. Before then, it had gone largely unnoticed by everyone except those who benefited from it.The appointed panel that ran the program, the Board of Commerce and Industry, handed out nearly $10 billion in local tax exemptions between 2008 and 2016, but its actions were rarely covered in the press. Many Louisianans had no idea what the board did.“Nobody knew about it,” Ms. Collins said. “It had gone on for so long that people had forgotten.”Together Baton Rouge and its sister organization, Together Louisiana, argue that the industrial tax breaks starve local schools and governments of badly needed funds and leave them unable to lift a state mired toward the bottom of national rankings on education, crime and infrastructure. In Baton Rouge, one in four residents lives in poverty.Their message has found an audience: Together Louisiana’s YouTube video about the exemptions, posted in November and titled “Why Louisiana Stays Poor,” has been viewed more than 600,000 times.A few days before the Baton Rouge school board vote, the groups held a meeting at St. Mary Baptist Church to organize opposition to the Exxon Mobil application. Scores of people crammed into a Bible study classroom decorated with maps and photos of the Holy Land.Edgar Cage, who organized the meeting, was careful to say that no one was accusing Exxon Mobil of any wrongdoing. “All we’re saying is, we want a change,” he said. “We want a balance.”Business leaders reacted strongly to the Baton Rouge vote because they are worried about much more than just how a few capital improvements are taxed. As much as $90 billion in oil and gas industry investments could come the state’s way in the next decade, driven in large part by the boom in domestic shale gas drilling, according to David Dismukes, executive director of the Center for Energy Studies at Louisiana State University.By itself, Dr. Dismukes said, the school board’s vote “was not a big deal — but the precedent it sets is going to be really big for these projects on the drawing board that are $100 million or $200 million.”Critics of the 2016 overhaul that gave local officials a say over tax breaks argue that it deprives the state of a big competitive edge it used to enjoy: one-stop shopping. Instead of dealing only with a central state board, businesses must now make their case for tax breaks to a host of parish councils and school boards and sheriffs, and win them over individually.Last week, State Senator Mack A. White Jr., a Republican from the Baton Rouge area who used to work for Exxon Mobil, said he planned introduce a bill to reverse the overhaul and take approval power away from local officials again.There have also been stabs at damage control and soul-searching. Mayor Sharon Weston Broome of Baton Rouge spoke on Jan. 28 at what the local newspaper described as a “pep rally” for Exxon Mobil.On Sunday, Tim Morris, a columnist for The Times-Picayune in New Orleans, compared the state’s tax-break system to the $241 million contract extension the New Orleans Pelicans of the N.B.A. offered to their star player Anthony Davis — an offer he turned down, asking to be traded instead.“Why do we have to offer exorbitant bribes to get people (and businesses) to stay here?” Mr. Morris wrote.But for others — including some local government officials freshly armed with the new veto power — the tax breaks are a pragmatic choice in an increasingly competitive world.In November, local authorities in Calcasieu Parish unanimously approved a tax break worth $2 billion over 10 years for a $15 billion liquefied natural gas facility. Eric Tarver, a car dealer who sits on the parish school board, said he feared “playing chicken” with a big company that was promising to create hundreds of jobs.“Should we have negotiated with them? Maybe,” Mr. Tarver said. “But the benefits of them coming far outweigh the risk of haggling with them and having them go to Corpus Christi or Houston, or even Lafayette.”President Trump’s new budget calls for less spending on Medicare and food stamps and more on defense and on a wall on the southern border.Democrats condemned the proposal, and the dispute raises the prospect of another government shutdown this year. That might seem to be a dicey proposition for the economy, but the administration doesn’t seem worried about a slowdown any time soon.The president has described the current moment as “the greatest economy in the history of our country,” and the official forecast is rosy: around 3 percent growth in gross domestic product every year for the next decade, and even more in 2019 and 2020.Yet some serious people remain nervous.Job growth last month came in wildly below expectations. G.D.P. growth, which hit an annualized rate in excess of 4 percent in the second quarter of last year, has been fading ever since. The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta’s GDPNow forecast suggests that the current quarter’s annual growth rate might even be below 1 percent.Faced with data like this, the Federal Reserve has backed off from its plan to aggressively raise interest rates and shrink its balance sheet.It is worth asking: If a trade war with China or another government shutdown remains possible, are we one wrong turn away from a recession?The Trump administration says these potential problems just aren’t big enough to derail a $20 trillion economy. But the last several decades of American economic history provide a sobering reminder that recessions don’t come only from large, foreseeable events.Modest, unpredictable incidents can cause economic downturns if they lead businesses or consumers to freak out. And trade wars and government shutdowns have caused some glaring panics in the past.Still, it is easy to understand the administration’s perspective. First, officials remain confident that they can strike a deal that will avert a major trade war entirely. Second, even if there is a trade war, it might not damage the United States that much. After all, exports account for only 12 percent of the nation’s economy, while China is less than a tenth of that.Those numbers imply that even a full-blown trade war that cut commerce between the United States and China in half would have a direct impact of less than 1 percent of G.D.P.The same basic math can be applied to government shutdowns. The administration estimated that the last one, which ended in January, cut only about 0.1 percentage point from the annualized economic growth rate per week.The 800,000 affected federal workers were fewer than one half of 1 percent of the nation’s total work force, so even when government contractors are added, the shutdown affected just a sliver of the country’s G.D.P. No worries there.But that analysis is far too simple.Seemingly small events can cause enormous problems. Think back to 2001 and the last recession of a “normal” size. (The recession that started in December 2007 was, by far, the deepest and longest since the Great Depression — about as far from normal as a recession can be.)The 2001 recession developed when the internet bubble popped, or at least that’s how we tend to remember it. But go back and check the numbers. The internet accounted for, at most, about 2 percent of the economy then. If we use the logic we’ve been applying to trade wars and government shutdowns, it would seem that popping the internet bubble shouldn’t have been enough to cause a recession. But it did.The reason it did was that the pop freaked out people outside just the internet sector. Consumer confidence plunged, and businesses stopped investing. The recession spread far beyond its origin.In this sense, virtually every recession in the last 40 years coincided with a signal of fear, like a significant drop in consumer confidence. Sometimes confidence fell and didn’t spiral into recession, but all recessions have started with a confidence spiral.The very biggest drops in confidence in the last 40 years came from major events like the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 and the popping of the internet bubble, which led to recessions, but close on their heels were episodes of government dysfunction, which did not necessarily culminate in recessions. These include the debt ceiling crisis of 2011 and the government shutdown of 2013.The most recent shutdown seems no different in this respect. In the last survey before the government reopened, consumer confidence fell the most it had in almost three years, and confidence among chief executives dropped to the lowest level in seven years. The shutdown doesn’t seem to have caused a recession, but it would be unwise to celebrate.Another government shutdown could spiral into something far more damaging than the small decline in workers’ share of the economy that the simple math suggests. An escalating trade war with China could ignite a recession, even if the numbers show that trade isn’t a large share of the United States economy. These events just need to spook consumers or businesses into putting off spending, and then more dire consequences can start to snowball.So let us all hope for excellent jobs numbers in the months to come, along with a rebound of G.D.P. growth. That may well happen, but it would be a mistake to be overconfident and assume that the economy will automatically weather a major policy blunder. If something scares people enough, it can start a recession, and you probably won’t know until it’s too late.That’s because recessions are hard to recognize at the start. Looking back, for example, we know that a recession officially began in April 2001, yet scarcely anyone understood that then. In June 2001, only 7 percent of economists in the monthly Blue Chip survey believed a recession was underway. In the months before that 2001 recession began, only 16 percent of economists expected that a recession would start within the next year. Now, 25 percent of economists in a Wall Street Journal survey say they expect a recession within the next year, and anxiety seems to be growing.The great pitcher Satchel Paige once advised: “Don’t look back. Something might be gaining on you.” Had he been an economist, he might have added, “And don’t start a trade war, either.”LONDON — If Britain’s exit from the European Union, or Brexit, had a mascot, what would it look like?While Britain pushes on with negotiations for its imminent departure, the Dutch have been ruminating on the answer to a question that no one has ever asked.Brexit, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the Netherlands has decided, is a fluffy blue monster with an oversize head, blue eyes, black pants and a white T-shirt emblazoned with the word “Brexit” in red.The Dutch minister of foreign affairs, Stef Blok,  shared a photograph on Twitter  on Thursday of him standing in an office with a confused expression and throwing his arms up as the Brexit monster relaxed on a desk in front of him.The mascot was immediately christened the “Brexit Muppet” by  social media users.The label also drew a wry collective sniff from Britons for whom the term “muppet” is a mild insult.The blue Brexit monster is apparently the distillation of Dutch fears of the unknown as Britain has spent more than two years negotiating the minutiae of its departure from the European Union and a no-deal exit seems more likely.The prospect of Britain crashing out of the bloc has alarmed many member states, including the Netherlands.The monster is part of the Dutch government’s “Brexit Loket,” which roughly translates to Brexit information desk, a hub of business resources to avoid having “Brexit get in your way,” according to the campaign’s tagline.The Netherlands concluded that the furry monster was the best way to warn its businesses that operate in the United Kingdom about the potential impact of Britain’s departure from the customs union.“Brexit is not only on the desk of the Dutch minister, but it is something that everybody has to deal with,” said Dirk-Jan Vermeij, spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. “It is essential that entrepreneurs prepare for all Brexit scenarios, including no-deal.”The Netherlands is clearly trying to allay any concern about how its companies will be affected by Britain’s divorce from the trading bloc: The country is one of Britain’s top trading partners, and the Dutch economy could lose out on 10 billion euros, or $11.3 billion, worth of trade because of Brexit, according to the Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis.“In terms of the countries exposed to Brexit, the Netherlands is one of the biggest,” John Springford, deputy director of the Center for European Reform in London, said on Thursday by phone.“No-deal Brexit would be the largest hit, but all of the different scenarios are going to entail some sort of economic cost,” he added.In spite of the warnings the Netherlands issued to its businesses over the possible negative impact of Britain’s departure from the European Union, the Dutch are also positioning themselves to benefit from it.The Dutch government has been selling itself as an alternative for firms based in Britain that are looking to keep their operations in the trading bloc, and it recently boasted that it was in talks with 250 companies about moving.Britain, for its part, is steeling itself for the loss of some international business as one consequence of Brexit.In case of a no-deal departure, the British government is preparing for a 9.3 percent drop in the country’s gross domestic product, food shortages, a dearth of medicines and even power blackouts.Supporters of Brexit have dismissed such warnings as “scaremongering.”Though odd, the Brexit monster was a hit on social media, with one person tweeting: “Omg this really is for real. A Brexit Muppet. Lordy I love the Dutch.”SoftBank is increasing its ownership stake in WeWork yet again, investing a further $2 billion in the fast-growing co-working company, according to three people familiar with the deal.But the deal, which is likely to be announced this week, is far smaller than an investment that was recently under consideration and could have been worth some $16 billion, the people said. They spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk about the deal publicly.The latest investment — which is coming from SoftBank itself, not its nearly $100 billion Vision Fund — values WeWork at $47 billion, and brings SoftBank’s total investment in WeWork to about $10.5 billion, they said.SoftBank, a Japanese telecom conglomerate led by the billionaire Masayoshi Son, is reinforcing its commitment to WeWork even as the complex relationship between the two companies is under growing scrutiny.SoftBank now has multiple investments in WeWork, including equity positions, warrants and joint ventures. Much of its capital in WeWork is from the SoftBank Vision Fund, which is largely backed by the Public Investment Fund of Saudi Arabia.Yet after the killing of the journalist Jamal Khashoggi, which American intelligence agencies believe was directed by the Saudi crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman, many in the technology industry are reassessing their willingness to take money from the kingdom.WeWork has emerged as one of the most valuable private companies, even as it continues to lose money. Though WeWork is the clear leader in the emerging co-working industry, it is essentially a commercial landlord, sprucing up office space and leasing it back to commercial clients.In August it reported that it had more than 250,000 paying members, more than double the figure from a year earlier. It is also expanding its enterprise business, leasing large offices to companies like Amazon, Pepsi and Salesforce.Yet WeWork continues to spend far more than it makes. It reported a loss of $723 million for the first half of last year as it built new co-working spaces around the globe. That old-school business model has led many analysts to believe that WeWork is wildly overvalued.“The valuation is going to take a significant amount of growth to justify it,” said Alex Snyder, senior analyst at CenterSquare, a real estate investment firm in Philadelphia.Nonetheless, Mr. Son has emerged as one of WeWork’s biggest boosters. As recently as last month, SoftBank was considering a larger investment in WeWork, according to the three people with knowledge of the deal. Under one possibility, SoftBank would have spent $10 billion to buy out all of WeWork’s other investors and injected $6 billion more in the company.But several factors led to a smaller deal, they said. SoftBank proceeded with an initial public offering of its mobile unit in Japan, only to watch shares slide. Market volatility worldwide caused investors to be more cautious. And other WeWork investors were reluctant to sell too many of their shares to SoftBank.The result was a deal, earlier reported by The Financial Times, for SoftBank to invest $2 billion more into WeWork.That brings SoftBank’s total investment in WeWork to $6 billion in the last six months. In August, SoftBank put $1 billion into the company. And in December, SoftBank spent $3 billion for a warrant that gave it the right to buy additional equity in WeWork.In 2017, SoftBank invested about $4.5 billion in the company with a web of deals. It spent $1.3 billion to buy shares from WeWork investors and employees. It injected some $1.7 billion to bolster WeWork’s balance sheet. And SoftBank spent $1.5 billion to take major positions in WeWork’s subsidiaries in Japan, China and the Pacific region.“They’re our closest partner, and they’ve been extremely supportive,” Artie Minson, WeWork’s president, said of SoftBank in an interview.About $5 billion of the recent investments will go to shore up WeWork’s balance sheet. Much of those funds will be available to WeWork this year, but as much as $1.5 billion will be held back until 2020, according to the three people.“They are vastly outspending their cash flow position to sustain their growth,” Mr. Snyder said. “You can do that as long as people are willing to give you the money.”About $1 billion of the new investments will be used to buy shares from investors and employees, who will get a chance to cash out. Investors and employees who do sell stock to SoftBank will have their shares valued in the mid-$50s, giving WeWork an implied valuation of just over $20 billion.As WeWork continues its costly expansion plans, it could remain reliant on investors like SoftBank for support. SoftBank, meanwhile, may need to continue supporting WeWork to ensure that the start-up can live up to its lofty expectations.“SoftBank will continue to give them money to justify the money they’ve already put in,” Mr. Snyder said.DAVOS, Switzerland — They’ll never admit it in public, but many of your bosses want machines to replace you as soon as possible.I know this because, for the past week, I’ve been mingling with corporate executives at the World Economic Forum’s annual meeting in Davos. And I’ve noticed that their answers to questions about automation depend very much on who is listening.In public, many executives wring their hands over the negative consequences that artificial intelligence and automation could have for workers. They take part in panel discussions about building “human-centered A.I.” for the “Fourth Industrial Revolution” — Davos-speak for the corporate adoption of machine learning and other advanced technology — and talk about the need to provide a safety net for people who lose their jobs as a result of automation.But in private settings, including meetings with the leaders of the many consulting and technology firms whose pop-up storefronts line the Davos Promenade, these executives tell a different story: They are racing to automate their own work forces to stay ahead of the competition, with little regard for the impact on workers.All over the world, executives are spending billions of dollars to transform their businesses into lean, digitized, highly automated operations. They crave the fat profit margins automation can deliver, and they see A.I. as a golden ticket to savings, perhaps by letting them whittle departments with thousands of workers down to just a few dozen.“People are looking to achieve very big numbers,” said Mohit Joshi, the president of Infosys, a technology and consulting firm that helps other businesses automate their operations. “Earlier they had incremental, 5 to 10 percent goals in reducing their work force. Now they’re saying, ‘Why can’t we do it with 1 percent of the people we have?’”Few American executives will admit wanting to get rid of human workers, a taboo in today’s age of inequality. So they’ve come up with a long list of buzzwords and euphemisms to disguise their intent. Workers aren’t being replaced by machines, they’re being “released” from onerous, repetitive tasks. Companies aren’t laying off workers, they’re “undergoing digital transformation.”A 2017 survey by Deloitte found that 53 percent of companies had already started to use machines to perform tasks previously done by humans. The figure is expected to climb to 72 percent by next year.The corporate elite’s A.I. obsession has been lucrative for firms that specialize in “robotic process automation,” or R.P.A. Infosys, which is based in India, reported a 33 percent increase in year-over-year revenue in its digital division. IBM’s “cognitive solutions” unit, which uses A.I. to help businesses increase efficiency, has become the company’s second-largest division, posting $5.5 billion in revenue last quarter. The investment bank UBS projects that the artificial intelligence industry could be worth as much as $180 billion by next year.Kai-Fu Lee, the author of “AI Superpowers” and a longtime technology executive, predicts that artificial intelligence will eliminate 40 percent of the world’s jobs within 15 years. In an interview, he said that chief executives were under enormous pressure from shareholders and boards to maximize short-term profits, and that the rapid shift toward automation was the inevitable result.“They always say it’s more than the stock price,” he said. “But in the end, if you screw up, you get fired.”Other experts have predicted that A.I. will create more new jobs than it destroys, and that job losses caused by automation will probably not be catastrophic. They point out that some automation helps workers by improving productivity and freeing them to focus on creative tasks over routine ones.But at a time of political unrest and anti-elite movements on the progressive left and the nationalist right, it’s probably not surprising that all of this automation is happening quietly, out of public view. In Davos this week, several executives declined to say how much money they had saved by automating jobs previously done by humans. And none were willing to say publicly that replacing human workers is their ultimate goal.“That’s the great dichotomy,” said Ben Pring, the director of the Center for the Future of Work at Cognizant, a technology services firm. “On one hand,” he said, profit-minded executives “absolutely want to automate as much as they can.”“On the other hand,” he added, “they’re facing a backlash in civic society.”For an unvarnished view of how some American leaders talk about automation in private, you have to listen to their counterparts in Asia, who often make no attempt to hide their aims. Terry Gou, the chairman of the Taiwanese electronics manufacturer Foxconn, has said the company plans to replace 80 percent of its workers with robots in the next five to 10 years. Richard Liu, the founder of the Chinese e-commerce company JD.com, said at a business conference last year that “I hope my company would be 100 percent automation someday.”One common argument made by executives is that workers whose jobs are eliminated by automation can be “reskilled” to perform other jobs in an organization. They offer examples like Accenture, which claimed in 2017 to have replaced 17,000 back-office processing jobs without layoffs, by training employees to work elsewhere in the company. In a letter to shareholders last year, Jeff Bezos, Amazon’s chief executive, said that more than 16,000 Amazon warehouse workers had received training in high-demand fields like nursing and aircraft mechanics, with the company covering 95 percent of their expenses.But these programs may be the exception that proves the rule. There are plenty of stories of successful reskilling — optimists often cite a program in Kentucky that trained a small group of former coal miners to become computer programmers — but there is little evidence that it works at scale. A report by the World Economic Forum this month estimated that of the 1.37 million workers who are projected to be fully displaced by automation in the next decade, only one in four can be profitably reskilled by private-sector programs. The rest, presumably, will need to fend for themselves or rely on government assistance.In Davos, executives tend to speak about automation as a natural phenomenon over which they have no control, like hurricanes or heat waves. They claim that if they don’t automate jobs as quickly as possible, their competitors will.“They will be disrupted if they don’t,” said Katy George, a senior partner at the consulting firm McKinsey & Company.Automating work is a choice, of course, one made harder by the demands of shareholders, but it is still a choice. And even if some degree of unemployment caused by automation is inevitable, these executives can choose how the gains from automation and A.I. are distributed, and whether to give the excess profits they reap as a result to workers, or hoard it for themselves and their shareholders.The choices made by the Davos elite — and the pressure applied on them to act in workers’ interests rather than their own — will determine whether A.I. is used as a tool for increasing productivity or for inflicting pain.“The choice isn’t between automation and non-automation,” said Erik Brynjolfsson, the director of M.I.T.’s Initiative on the Digital Economy. “It’s between whether you use the technology in a way that creates shared prosperity, or more concentration of wealth.”[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]New York State regulators have issued an expansive subpoena to the Trump Organization’s longtime insurance broker, the first step in an investigation of insurance policies and claims involving President Trump’s family business, according to the company and a person briefed on the matter.The subpoena was served late Monday on the company, Aon, one of the largest insurance brokerage firms in the world, as part of an inquiry by the New York State Department of Financial Services.It came just days after Michael D. Cohen, Mr. Trump’s former fixer and lawyer, indicated in congressional testimony that the Trump Organization inflated the value of its assets to insurance companies.The subpoena is the latest sign that the Trump Organization is facing scrutiny from multiple fronts — federal prosecutors, congressional Democrats, and now, insurance regulators.The Department of Financial Services does not conduct criminal investigations, nor does it have authority over Mr. Trump or the Trump Organization, but it can refer any possible illegal activity to prosecutors.The federal prosecutors in Manhattan have been investigating the Trump Organization’s role in hush money payments to women who claimed to have affairs with Mr. Trump. Mr. Cohen, who pleaded guilty to federal crimes in connection with those payments, has also told the prosecutors about irregularities in the company’s insurance practices, The New York Times reported last month.While the prosecutors are largely viewed as independent, the president and his allies have dismissed much of the other scrutiny as politically motivated.The subpoena from the state agency that regulates insurance, which is part of the administration of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, a Democrat and vocal critic of Mr. Trump, landed on the same day that even broader scrutiny came to bear on the president, his administration and his business from House Democrats.The House Judiciary Committee on Monday unleashed a blizzard of 81 letters demanding documents from people and businesses, including President Trump’s company and several of his family members, kicking off the committee’s sweeping investigation into possible obstruction of justice, corruption and abuse of power by Mr. Trump.The subpoena that was served on Aon contains no indication that the company or any of its employees engaged in misconduct, the person said. Nor does it specify any possible wrongdoing that is the focus of the inquiry by state regulators.Insurance brokers such as Aon help companies evaluate their risk and connect them with underwriters, the companies that offer the actual coverage. For this service, the brokers receive a fee or commission, usually paid by the client.The nine-page subpoena demands a broad range of materials regarding Aon’s business with Mr. Trump and the Trump Organization dating back to 2009, according to the person briefed on the matter, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss it publicly.Among other things, it seeks copies of all communications between Aon and Mr. Trump and the Trump Organization, as well as all internal Aon documents relating to Mr. Trump and the company, the person said.The regulators are also looking at compensation for the current and former Aon employees who handled the Trump Organization account, seeking information about their incentives, bonus payments or commissions. They are seeking similar contracts and agreements between Aon and Mr. Trump.A spokeswoman for Aon, Donna Mirandola, said the company intended to cooperate, adding: “We do not comment on specific client matters.” The White House referred a request for comment to the Trump Organization, which did not respond to requests for comment. A spokesman for the Department of Financial Services declined to comment.The Department of Financial Services is a powerful agency that regulates and supervises the insurance industry — including brokers, brokerage firms and underwriters in New York — as well as banking and other financial institutions.The agency’s authority is limited to civil regulatory actions, although it can refer possible criminal conduct to the office of a local district attorney or the State Attorney General.However, under the New York State insurance law, the department, headed by Acting Superintendent Linda A. Lacewell, can take action against the companies and individuals it regulates, including brokers and underwriters. It can issue fines or a range of other penalties, including revoking their licenses to do business in New York.This is not the first time that the agency has examined the business practices involving the Trump Organization. In 2017, the agency scrutinized the company’s long relationship with Deutsche Bank, which the agency regulates and which is one of the president’s few lenders on Wall Street. The examination concluded without the agency taking any action against the bank.Mr. Cohen’s testimony, however, provides additional fuel to advance the insurance inquiry.At a hearing in front of the House Oversight Committee last week, when asked by Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a New York Democrat, whether the president ever inflated his assets to an insurance company, Mr. Cohen simply replied, “Yes.”The New York regulators are requesting copies of the insurance policies ultimately issued to Mr. Trump and the Trump Organization, as well as applications and financial statements used to secure the policies, the person said.The subpoena requests that the materials — undoubtedly a vast swath of documents, data, emails, policies and other records — be turned over by March 19. The regulators will likely then issue additional subpoenas or requests to the underwriters and possibly other companies and individuals identified in response to this subpoena.It could take the agency’s investigators months to analyze all the information they collect.The gig economy’s work force is fighting back, and in some cases, it’s winning.On Wednesday, Instacart, the Silicon Valley upstart that delivers groceries and other household items to customers through an app, reversed a tipping policy that had outraged workers, who accused the $7 billion company of cheating them out of rightfully earned wages.“We heard loud and clear the frustration when your compensation didn’t match the effort you put forth,” Apoorva Mehta, Instacart’s chief executive, wrote in an open letter to Instacart’s contract workers, known as shoppers.Instacart’s workers had taken to Reddit forums and private Facebook groups to express their anger with the policy, which counted tips toward the guaranteed minimum payments the company offered to shoppers. In some cases, the more customers tipped, the less Instacart paid them.“It’s offensive, it’s unethical, and in this climate it’s a very dumb thing to do,” Matthew Telles, an Instacart courier in Chicago, said this week before the reversal.In the letter to shoppers, Mr. Mehta apologized for the tipping policy, which he called “misguided.” He said that from now on, Instacart would calculate tips separately from base pay. He also said the company was putting new minimum payments into effect: at least $5 for orders that require only delivering an item, and $7 to $10 for orders that involve picking items off supermarket shelves.In addition, Instacart said it would retroactively compensate workers who had lost base pay as a result of the old tipping system.The victory at Instacart, which will ultimately affect thousands of workers, is just the latest in a string of successful pressure campaigns by workers for gig economy platforms. Drivers for Uber and Lyft in New York successfully agitated for a citywide minimum wage that went into effect this week. Postmates, another high-flying start-up, recently settled a class-action suit with thousands of delivery workers who contested the way the company classified them as contract workers.[Subscribe to “With Interest.” It’s a Sunday newsletter with essential business insights that’ll prep you for the week ahead.]It’s no secret that many modern gig workers exist in a state of permanent precarity, with few legal protections, unstable working conditions and pay that varies based on who’s flush with venture capital money that week. Most gig economy workers are still classified as contract workers, meaning that they aren’t covered by federal minimum wage laws and other labor protections.Still, by organizing en masse and expressing vocal opposition to exploitative policies, they have managed to wring some concessions out of the billion-dollar corporations whose labor they provide.For Instacart, the drama began late last year when it changed its method for paying its contract workers.Until then, Instacart’s shopper pay was determined by an algorithm that factored in a fixed base payment for each order, along with a per-item bonus and extra payments for certain tasks, such as delivering over long distances. After the change late last year, Instacart presented shoppers with a single, itemized “earnings estimate,” and guaranteed them a $10 minimum payment for each batch they accepted.But Instacart shoppers began to notice that for some orders, the tips that customers had added during checkout were being counted toward their $10 minimum, rather than being paid out on top of them.Angry shoppers collected shocking examples of low pay, like a receipt submitted by an Instacart shopper who appeared to have been paid a total of $10.80 after a $10 tip. (Instacart claimed that the payment was an “edge case,” and that it was putting new policies in place to prevent similar incidents.)In another example, two identical Instacart batches paid out $10 — the guaranteed minimum — even though one delivery earned a $2 tip and the other a $6 tip. In the case of the $2 tip, Instacart’s “batch payment” came to $8; in the case of the $6 tip, Instacart paid only $4.“We started to notice customers who said they tipped, but a lot of times we wouldn’t see the tips,” said Kaylania Chapman, a worker in Orlando, Fla., who delivers orders for both Instacart and DoorDash, a rival delivery app with a similar tipping policy.The workers’ complaints started to be picked up by news outlets including Fast Company and NBC. And they caught the attention of Working Washington, a union-backed labor group in Seattle, which collected more than 1,500 signatures of Instacart shoppers who objected to the company’s pay practices. Some began asking for cash tips outside the app, while others encouraged customers to leave 22-cent tips — a nominal amount meant to show solidarity with workers — through the app and then adjust the tips higher after a delivery was made.On Wednesday, after the announcement that Instacart was changing its policies, a representative from Working Washington, Sage Wilson, said, “In the space of two weeks, Instacart workers came together, sparked a national media sensation and transformed the entire pay model of a $7 billion corporation.”DoorDash, which is valued by investors at $4 billion, has not announced plans to change its tipping policy, which dates to 2017.“DoorDash’s pay model provides transparency, consistency and predictability,” a company spokeswoman said on Tuesday. “Since implementing this pay model more than a year ago, we’ve seen a significant increase in dasher retention, percentage of on-time orders and dasher satisfaction.”After Instacart’s announcement on Wednesday, the DoorDash spokeswoman declined to comment.Many Instacart shoppers were thrilled by the company’s about-face. In a private Facebook group, some celebrated their successful campaign to get the company to change its tipping policy and make them whole on previous payments.“I can’t believe it! Back pay!” one shopper wrote.“THIS is why you stand up for yourself against corruption,” wrote another.“I’m very excited that we got Instacart to listen to our complaints,” said Ashley Knudson, an Instacart shopper in Seattle. “I feel like we have some work to do, and we’re not going to back down until we get the consistency that we need in our batch payments. We consider this a small victory, for acknowledging their mistreatment, but we look forward to pushing onward and having our voices be heard.”Many gig economy workers still face economic insecurity and exploitative platform policies, of course, and lawmakers may ultimately need to come to their rescue. (On Tuesday, Representative Ro Khanna, a Democrat who represents parts of Silicon Valley, told BuzzFeed News that Instacart’s now-defunct tipping policy was a “deceptive business practice that should end.”)But ultimately, it may be up to customers to demand more accountability and worker-friendly policies.Elizabeth Haslam, a DoorDash customer in California who has spent more than three years placing orders from the delivery service, said on Tuesday that she was “shocked” to learn about the company’s tipping policies.“It made me really angry that I was contributing to a company that would do that,” she said. “And it makes me wonder how many other services are doing the same thing.”Susan Covell Alpert was crushed by grief when her 71-year-old husband, Larry, died of leukemia in 2008. Adding to her misery, a tidal wave of financial decisions and tasks demanded the new widow’s attention at a time when she could barely think straight.Like many couples, Susan and Larry, who were married for 46 years, had divided the financial chores. Larry handled the investments, and Susan paid some bills. Though Ms. Alpert owned a business arranging travel incentives for large corporations, she was not prepared to manage the household’s financial affairs.“I knew every stock, and I knew where everything was,” said Ms. Alpert, 78. “But I didn’t know what to do with it all.”Nor did she know what the investments were worth. Rather than holding securities in a brokerage account, Mr. Alpert had opted for paper certificates, which he kept in his desk in their home in Newport Beach, Calif. Ms. Alpert hired a bookkeeper and a financial adviser, and it took them a year to determine the value of the more than 120 certificates, she said.That was just one of numerous issues that Ms. Alpert confronted. Besides the settlement of the estate, there were insurance companies to call, banks to visit, credit cards to cancel, documents to collect and her husband’s business partnership to unwind.“I was in the most fragile part of my life, and there was no time to breathe,” she said.Ms. Alpert decided to approach the “chaos” as she would a business. She spent six to eight hours a day for many months tackling the paperwork — color-coded file folders and all. A grief therapist advised her to get dressed every day and to eat regularly.“She also made me promise not to go into my home office one day a week,” Ms. Alpert said.In 2013, Ms. Alpert opened a consulting business to advise other widows on handling the practical aspects of settling an estate. She also wrote a book, “Driving Solo: Dealing With Grief and the Business of Financial Survival.”A spouse’s death is one of the most emotionally wrenching events in a person’s life. Because they live longer, women are more likely than men to lose a spouse. Roughly 34 percent of women 65 and older were widows in 2016, compared with about 12 percent of men, according to the Census Bureau.The financial challenges can be especially daunting for women. Husbands tend to earn more than their wives, and the end of that income can be a big blow. And in more cases than not, husbands oversee the household finances, often leaving their widows scrambling to sort everything out. If that’s not enough, many widows are immediately deluged by tasks that come with settling an estate.“I was buried in boxes filled with legal paperwork, tax paperwork, trust paperwork, and I didn’t know what I was doing,” said Ellen Speyer, whose husband died in 2003.As tempting as it may be to charge ahead, however, new widows should postpone making major — and irreversible — financial decisions for six months to a year, said Alexandra Armstrong, a certified financial planner in Washington. Those decisions include selling a house, lending money to relatives or paying off a mortgage. It also means resisting sales pitches to plow insurance proceeds into annuities or other investments that tie up funds perhaps forever.“Widows may not recognize that they are in a state of shock, and they will not make wise decisions,” said Ms. Armstrong, author of “On Your Own: A Widow’s Passage to Emotional and Financial Well-Being.” “They should not jump into anything until they have a grip on their financial situation.”The To-Do ListSurviving spouses can alleviate some stress by attacking the to-do list in stages, Ms. Armstrong said. At the top: Notify the Social Security Administration, call the life insurance company and pay important bills, such as those for utilities and property insurance premiums. If a husband was still working when he died, his widow should check with his employer for any unpaid salary, accrued vacation days and retirement plans. She also may be eligible for veterans’ benefits.One of Ms. Alpert’s first moves was to name her two adult daughters as her agents for her financial and health care powers of attorney.When it comes to insurance proceeds, Ms. Armstrong said, widows typically can choose between a lump sum and monthly payouts. The decision, she said, will depend on the widow’s immediate cash needs and whether she could earn more than the payout by investing the lump sum. She said a widow should ask an objective adviser to review her overall financial picture before she decided.By choosing the right Social Security claiming strategy based on her age and income, a surviving spouse can increase her benefit. “This is as close to free money as you can get,” said Jeffrey Levine, chief executive of BluePrint Wealth Alliance in Garden City, N.Y.A widow who waits until her full retirement age of 66 (for those born between 1945 and 1956) can claim the full survivor benefit, which is 100 percent of her husband’s benefit. She is eligible for a survivor benefit at 60, but it will be reduced for each month she claims before 66. If both spouses are at least 70 when the husband dies, a wife should switch to a survivor benefit if her benefit is smaller than his.Younger spouses have more options to maximize benefits, Mr. Levine said. For example, a surviving spouse who is the lower earner can create an income stream by collecting her own retirement benefit when she is eligible at 62 and switch to the higher survivor benefit when she turns 66. Taking her retirement benefit early will not reduce the survivor benefit.A wife who is eligible for a higher retirement benefit should take the opposite tack: She can collect a reduced survivor benefit early and switch at 70 to her own retirement benefit.Meanwhile, a spouse who inherits an individual retirement account has several choices. If she is younger than 70½ and does not need the money, she could, with the help of a brokerage firm, transfer her husband’s account directly into her own I.R.A. and then update the beneficiaries. She will not be required to take annual distributions until she is 70½, thus extending the time the funds can grow tax free.If a widow is younger than 59½ and may need the money, she can transfer the assets into a new inherited I.R.A. She can take taxable distributions without having to pay the 10 percent penalty imposed on early withdrawers, Mr. Levine said.Making Financial DecisionsFor a preliminary assessment of cash flow, a widow can tote up sources of income and fixed expenses. But for a deeper dive, Ms. Alpert recommends adding a financial adviser to a team of professionals. While she and her husband already had an estate lawyer and an accountant, a friend helped her find a financial services firm. When she met with two young men from the firm, “I told them, ‘Take care of me like you would take care of your mother,’” she said.The financial adviser may reposition investments to provide additional income, Ms. Armstrong said. Though each case is different, she said, “I believe in buying good-quality stocks where there is a good potential for rising dividends.” If Ms. Armstrong decides an annuity is a nice fit, she will analyze the oft-hidden costs of an array of complex products.Kathleen M. Rehl, an author and a speaker who helps financial planners address the needs of widows, cautioned that widows often changed advisers because many do not understand a widow’s grief.“A widow should find an adviser who listens to her and does not try to rush her,” said Ms. Rehl, of St. Petersburg, Fla.Ms. Speyer and her husband, Ronald, had been seeing a financial adviser at a large brokerage firm who, she said, “did not take my questions seriously.” Shortly before Mr. Speyer died of Hodgkin’s lymphoma at age 57, they switched to an adviser at a small firm.“She was very kind and very thoughtful,” said Ms. Speyer, 71, a therapist in Irvine, Calif.For years, Mr. Speyer had monitored the overall finances and transferred what his wife needed to pay household bills. “I didn’t have to worry when I turned up the heat or went to the market,” Ms. Speyer said. “But I didn’t know the total cost of everything against our savings and income.”After her husband died, Ms. Speyer lost the income from a consulting firm he owned. Though moving to a smaller house would have freed up cash, she wanted to reduce the disruption for her 10-year-old daughter, she said.The adviser, whom Ms. Speyer still sees, diversified her portfolio and invested the proceeds from a life insurance policy. The adviser also created a budget and a long-term investment plan.To help make ends meet, Ms. Speyer received help from her parents, dipped into savings and “went into overdrive” at work, she said. Using personal-finance software that her brother installed, Ms. Speyer monitored her spending and reduced her discretionary expenses, such as new clothes, travel and entertainment.Sixteen years later, Ms. Speyer said she hoped to keep her finances on a firm footing by postponing retirement indefinitely.“It took a long time to get back the feeling of security,” she said. “I feel very proud about what I have accomplished.”WASHINGTON — The chairman of the House Oversight and Reform Committee revealed information on Thursday that he said showed Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner used private messaging services for official White House business in a way that may have violated federal records laws.The chairman, Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, said that a lawyer for Ms. Trump, President Trump’s daughter, and Mr. Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and senior adviser, told the committee late last year that in addition to a private email account, Mr. Kushner uses an unofficial encrypted messaging service, WhatsApp, for official White House business, including with foreign contacts.Mr. Cummings said the lawyer, Abbe Lowell, also told lawmakers that Ms. Trump did not preserve some emails sent to her private account if she did not reply to them.Democrats have barely been able to contain their frustration at what they see as a dark irony in the findings — and in earlier news reports about the couple’s use of private email accounts. Mr. Trump made Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state a central line of attack in his 2016 campaign for president. Even after the F.B.I. declined to charge Mrs. Clinton for her practices and handling of classified information, Republicans in Congress have continued to pick away at the case.[Update: The use of private email and chats, this time by Trump’s family, comes under fire.]Mr. Lowell could not say if Mr. Kushner had communicated classified information on the messaging service, WhatsApp, telling lawmakers that was “above my pay grade.” He asserted that because Mr. Kushner took screenshots of the communications and sent them to his official White House account or the National Security Council, his client was not in violation of federal records laws.In a letter on Thursday disclosing the new information, Mr. Cummings said the findings added urgency to his investigation of possible violations of the Presidential Records Act by members of the Trump administration, including Mr. Kushner and Ms. Trump. He accused the White House of stonewalling his committee on information that it had requested months ago, when Republicans still controlled the House.“The White House’s failure to provide documents and information is obstructing the committee’s investigation into allegations of violations of federal records laws by White House officials,” Mr. Cummings wrote. He said he would “be forced to consider alternative means to obtain compliance” if documents he requested about White House communications and record keeping were not shared with the committee, an indication he could subpoena them.Steven Groves, a White House lawyer, said the White House would review Mr. Cummings’s letter and “provide a reasonable response in due course.”Mr. Lowell, in a letter of his own, accused Mr. Cummings of misrepresenting parts of what he told lawmakers last year and disputed suggestions that either of his clients had broken the law.The oversight committee first began scrutinizing the use of private communications services at the White House in 2017 amid news reports that Mr. Kushner had used a private email account for government business and then that Ms. Trump had done the same.Mr. Kushner’s use of WhatsApp was also reported earlier in at least one instance, but its scope was not previously known. CNN reported in October that Mr. Kushner had communicated with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the de facto leader of Saudi Arabia, using WhatsApp.Mr. Lowell confirmed details of Mr. Kushner’s private messaging use — though not his communications with Prince Mohammed — during a meeting in December with Mr. Cummings and the committee’s chairman at the time, Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina. Asked if Mr. Kushner had been cleared to use the messaging app to communicate with foreign leaders, Mr. Lowell recommended that the lawmakers ask the National Security Council and the White House, Mr. Cummings said.On Thursday, Mr. Lowell said that contrary to what Mr. Cummings’s letter asserted, he had not confirmed that the president’s son-in-law was communicating on WhatsApp with foreign “leaders,” merely that he messaged with “some people.” More broadly, Mr. Lowell said he had told lawmakers that he was not privy to many details of Mr. Kushner’s use of WhatsApp, instructing them, “that is a question for the White House counsel, not me.”Mr. Lowell also took issue with Mr. Cummings’s account of what he said about Ms. Trump.In his letter, Mr. Cummings said that after speaking to Mr. Lowell, he believed Ms. Trump could also potentially be in violation of the Presidential Records Act because of her use of a private email account. Specifically, he said Mr. Lowell had told the committee that although Ms. Trump forwards work-related emails received on her personal account to an official government account, she only does so if she responds to the message.Mr. Lowell, though, said that was oversimplifying his response. In the exchange highlighted by the chairman, he had been referring to Ms. Trump’s practices before September 2017, he said. Since then, he said, “she always forwards official business to her White House account.”Mr. Cummings’s committee is separately investigating the circumstances under which Mr. Kushner and Ms. Trump, and other administration officials, received security clearances. The New York Times reported last month that Mr. Trump had personally intervened to secure a top-secret clearance for Mr. Kushner despite legal and national security concerns raised by his advisers.Mr. Kushner and Ms. Trump do not appear to be the only current or former White House officials in Mr. Cummings’s sights for their personal email use. He wrote on Thursday that he had also obtained documents apparently showing that K. T. McFarland had used a personal AOL account for official business while she served as deputy national security adviser and that Stephen K. Bannon had done the same while a White House adviser.Mr. Cummings set an April 4 deadline for the White House to comply with his latest requests. To what extent it will do so, though, remains to be seen.The White House has generally been resistant so far to satisfy requests from House Democrats.On Thursday, the White House counsel, Pat Cipollone, rejected another request from Mr. Cummings and the chairmen of the Intelligence and Foreign Affairs committees  for information about Mr. Trump’s private communications with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. In a letter, he said that the Constitution and the courts had granted the president broad authority to conduct foreign policy and that presidents of both parties had rightly fought to protect their communications with foreign leaders.“While we respectfully seek to accommodate appropriate oversight requests, we are unaware of any precedent supporting such sweeping requests,” Mr. Cipollone wrote.Three people who operated multimillion-dollar birth-tourism businesses in Southern California were arrested Thursday in the biggest federal criminal probe ever to target the thriving industry, in which pregnant women come to the United States to give birth so their children will become American citizens.The businesses coached their clients to deceive United States immigration officials and pay indigent rates at hospitals to deliver their babies, even though many of the clients were wealthy, investigators said. Some Chinese couples were charged as much as $100,000 for a birth-tourism package that included housing, nannies and shopping excursions to Gucci.A tip sheet for customers, entitled “Strategies to Maximize the Chance of Entry,” recommended stating on a visa application that pregnant mothers intended to stay at the “5-star” hotel, “Trump International Waikiki Beach,” to convince immigration officials that they were well-to-do vacationers, not mothers traveling with the intention of giving birth on American soil, investigators said.Grand jury indictments unsealed Thursday in Federal District Court in Los Angeles brought the total number of people charged in the schemes to 19, including both business operators and clients. But some of those targeted in the indictments were not presently in the United States, investigators said.The appeal of bearing an American child, long associated with immigrants who enter the country illegally, has spurred a birth-tourism industry that now caters to people from all over the world.[Birth tourism is legal in Canada. A lawmaker calls it unscrupulous.]The industry is growing at a galloping pace, especially among Chinese nationals experiencing uncertainty over their country’s long-term economic prospects, investigators said. The number of businesses in operation is undoubtedly much larger than the three agencies targeted in the latest indictments in the Los Angeles area, said Mark Zito, assistant special agent in charge of Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Homeland Security Investigations in Los Angeles.“We are talking about three takedowns in L.A., when there are probably 300,” Mr. Zito said. “We have seen more businesses pop up. It is probably going stronger now than it was in 2015.”While the agencies charged in the current investigation cater mainly to Chinese parents, Mr. Zito said investigators have also found evidence of Russians heading to the Northeast and Nigerians traveling to Texas for the sole purpose of having American children. The Middle East is also a growing generator of birth tourism, investigators said.“We are trying to quell this, but it is increasing. Other nations will start taking advantage of this,” Mr. Zito said.The phenomenon of so-called anchor babies has fueled criticism from advocates of tougher immigration laws who are concerned that foreign adults are using their children to secure permanent residency in the United States and from there, access to public benefits.The indictments include an array of charges, including visa fraud, wire fraud and identity theft, against owners of the birth-tourism agencies that are accused of enabling thousands of Chinese women to come explicitly to give birth to American children.“Statements by the operators of these birthing houses show contempt for the United States, while they were luring clients with the power and prestige of U.S. citizenship for their children,” Nick Hanna, United States attorney in Los Angeles, said in a statement. “Some of the wealthy clients of these businesses also showed blatant contempt for the U.S. by ignoring court orders directing them to stay in the country to assist with the investigation, and by skipping out on their unpaid hospital bills.”There are no official figures for how many babies are delivered to tourists on American soil. The Center for Immigration Studies, a group that supports restricting immigration, puts the number at about 36,000 annually in a 2015 report.“The fact that we have no idea of the scale of birth tourism is a problem in and of itself,” said Jessica Vaughan, director of policy studies at the center in Washington. “We should not tolerate an entire industry that encourages people to come here for the sole purpose of having a child who leaves with a U.S. passport.”In recent years, the practice has prompted some lawmakers, who have opposed children of undocumented immigrants automatically becoming citizens, to propose repealing birthright citizenship, which is enshrined in the 14th Amendment of the Constitution.President Trump last year claimed erroneously that the United States is the “only country in the world” that automatically confers citizenship to anyone born in the country. In fact, it is one of at least 30 countries that do so.Still, the United States has struggled to rein in birth tourism because it is not unlawful for foreigners who are pregnant to travel to the United States or to have babies in the country.“Birth tourism is a gray area of the law,” said Ms. Vaughan, who called “at the very least” for a revision of citizenship rights to prevent those who are in the country for only the first few weeks of their lives from retaining citizenship for life.China, home to a burgeoning moneyed class that includes many who are eager for a foothold in the United States, is the biggest market for the birth-tourism industry. The United States offers educational opportunities for their children and a safe haven down the road in the event of political and economic instability in their home country.The indictments allege that government officials, doctors and lawyers are among those traveling from China to the United States to have children.The businesses were dismantled following raids in 2015 by the special agents on several sites where the businesses housed pregnant women, in Los Angeles, San Bernardino and Orange Counties. But it is not clear how long the three birth-tourism agencies had been operating.Dongyuan Li, a resident of Irvine, Calif., who ran a business called “You Win USA,” is accused in the indictment of renting about 20 units in a luxury apartment complex in Irvine under the names of people who did not occupy them as part of an “illegal international birth tourism scheme.” Clients spent a couple of months there before giving birth and were then replaced with newly arrived pregnant women, the charging document said.On its website, Ms. Li’s company touted the benefits of having an American child, including a “most attractive nationality;” “priority for jobs in U.S. government, public companies and large corporations;” and the opportunity to immigrate to the United States once that child became an adult and could sponsor a parent for a green card.The business, which advertised on its website that it had handled 500 births, charged each client $40,000 to $80,000 for a range of services that included coaching on how to respond to questions at a visa interview, fill out forms and disguise the true motive for travel from Customs officers at the airport on arrival, according to the indictment.One customer is alleged to have falsely stated on a visa application that she would be spending 12 days at the “Trump International Hotel” in Hawaii.You Win USA recommended that clients flew from China to Hawaii and then connected on a domestic flight to Los Angeles, their final destination, to clear passport control in Honolulu and avoid tougher scrutiny expected from officers in California.It promised a refund to any customer who was not admitted into the country on arrival, according to the indictment.The business arranged accommodation, prenatal care and shopping trips for the women. In some cases, the indictment said, it instructed clients to fabricate financial documents to enable them to obtain visa extensions, and it deposited money temporarily in their bank accounts.Mr. Zito, the special agent, said clients were advised to claim they lacked insurance, which entitled them to pay the indigent rate at whichever hospital they used to deliver their babies.In some cases, he said, the women returned to China and canceled their credit card to avoid paying even that rate, about $4,000, which is a fraction of what it costs most women in the United States to deliver a baby.At the same time, he noted, “they would have nannies and buy things at Gucci and Hermes at South Coast Plaza,” a high-end mall in Costa Mesa, Calif., where many shops have Mandarin-speaking attendants to help the numerous Chinese customers.Ms. Li was arrested on Thursday, along with the operators of USA Happy Baby, another agency associated with birth tourism, according to the indictment: Michael Wei Yueh Liu, of Rancho Cucamonga, Calif., and Jing Dong, of Fontana, Calif.Another indictment charges Wen Rui Deng, operator of a business based in Los Angeles called Star Baby Care, believed to be the largest birth-tourism operation in the country. There was no arrest in that case because Ms. Deng is believed to be in China, investigators said.DUBAI — Saudi Aramco will offer 140 contracts worth 60 billion riyals ($16 billion) to small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the kingdom, the Al Arabiya TV website reported on Saturday.Aramco is working with the government to boost cooperation with SMEs as it spends 170 billion riyals on different services a year, Mohammed bin Ayed al-Shamri, deputy director of procurement and supply, was quoted as saying. (Reporting by Aziz El Yaakoubi; Editing by Mark Potter)SEATTLE — Amazon held off stiffer competition for online shoppers during the holiday season, once again increasing its sales. But the company said on Thursday that growth slowed from its usual breakneck pace — and it came at a cost, with the company spending far more on shipping to win customers.While strong, the latest quarterly results suggested that Amazon’s retail business not only faces more competition, it is also maturing. The company reported that its revenue from retail sales and services grew 17 percent to almost $65 billion globally, while its shipping costs rose 23 percent, to $9 billion, compared with the same quarter a year ago.The company is compensating for slowing growth in e-commerce by expanding its fast-moving, highly profitable cloud and advertising businesses. Over all, the company produced a profit of $3 billion in the quarter, up more than 60 percent from the same period a year earlier.Competition for shoppers over the holidays was intense and expensive, as other big retailers stepped up their promotions. Target offered free two-day shipping, no matter how small an order, and Walmart and others tried to maximize use of their physical stores, an advantage they have over Amazon. On Christmas Eve, Best Buy customers could order products online from store inventory as late as 5 p.m. and pick them up just an hour later.Amazon pushed back with expanded free shipping to all customers until about a week before Christmas, and made more products eligible for free one-day shipping for Prime members.But revenue from online shopping slowed, in part because now most of Amazon’s retail sales come from third-party merchants selling on its marketplace rather than from Amazon’s own inventory. Amazon gets only a slice of this revenue.In addition, the growth of Prime membership, which costs $119 a year, is approaching a plateau. About 56 percent of American households will be Prime members this year, up only slightly from 53 percent in 2018, Morgan Stanley estimated. Prime members spend far more on the site, making them crucial to increasing sales.Another risk awaits the company: India. The country, which Amazon has made its most important emerging market, imposed new regulations that prohibit foreign e-commerce companies from owning a stake in sellers that offer items on their sites. That has limited the selection available on Amazon by almost a third virtually overnight. Brian Olsavsky, Amazon’s finance chief, cited “uncertainty” in India as a reason Amazon predicted lower revenue for the next quarter than analysts had expected.Even as sales growth has slowed, though, Amazon has increased profit margins.The third-party merchant business, for example, is generally more profitable than when Amazon sells products it buys directly because the costs are lower.It has also tried to squeeze costs from its operations. Mr. Olsavsky pointed to how the number of employees grew 38 percent in 2017, excluding acquisitions, but just 14 percent in 2018. There were similar trends in the construction of data centers and warehouses. “We had a banking, if you will, of some large expansions in the prior two years,” Mr. Olsavsky said on a call with analysts.“The theme has been Amazon shifting from a product seller to a fee collector,” said Simeon Siegel, an analyst at Instinet. The shift from growth to profit is common as companies mature, he said: “We are going through growing pains.”Shares in the company fell nearly 5 percent in after-hours trading, after the quarterly results were released.Amazon’s two great profit engines are not in the core business of selling and fulfilling items, however — they are in cloud computing and advertising.Amazon Web Services, the leading provider of cloud computing, grew 45 percent, with $7.4 billion in sales and almost $2.2 billion in operating income.After several years of dominating the market, which it essentially helped create, Amazon now faces robust competition, including from Microsoft. At its annual cloud conference in November, Amazon announced a number of new products, including AWS Outposts, which lets companies use a single set of tools to manage data across cloud and local servers, an area known as “hybrid cloud” where Microsoft has had success.Mr. Olsavsky said the company had been hiring aggressively to bring in more engineers and sales staff for the cloud offerings, saying “AWS maintained a very strong growth rate and continued to deliver for customers.”Investors have increasingly looked to Amazon’s ad business, which displays ads on its own site as well as across the web based on consumer shopping habits, as a major driver of profit. The “Other” business unit, which analysts say is almost entirely advertising, had almost $3.4 billion in revenue during the quarter, and more than $10 billion over the last year.“They have long been a sleeping giant and had capacity to build a big advertising business,” said Brian Wieser, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group.SEATTLE — When a chain of physical therapy centers wanted new patients, it aimed online ads at people near its offices who had bought knee braces recently on Amazon.When a financial services provider wanted to promote its retirement advisory business, it directed ads to people in their 40s and 50s who had recently ordered a personal finance book from Amazon.And when a major credit card company wanted new customers, it targeted people who used cards from other banks on the retail site.The advertisers found those people by using Amazon’s advertising services, which leverage what the company knows better than anyone: consumers’ online buying habits.“Amazon has really straightforward database — they know what I buy,” said Daniel Knijnik, co-founder of Quartile Digital, an Amazon-focused ad agency that oversaw the ads for the clinics and retirement services. “For an advertiser, that’s a dream.”Ads sold by Amazon, once a limited offering at the company, can now be considered a third major pillar of its business, along with e-commerce and cloud computing. Amazon’s advertising business is worth about $125 billion, more than Nike or IBM, Morgan Stanley estimates. At its core are ads placed on Amazon.com by makers of toilet paper or soap that want to appear near product search results on the site.But many ad agencies are particularly excited by another area of advertising that is less obvious to many consumers. The company has been steadily expanding its business of selling video or display ads — the square and rectangular ads on sites across the web — and gaining ground on the industry leaders, Google and Facebook.In addition to knowing what people buy, Amazon also knows where people live, because they provide delivery addresses, and which credit cards they use. It knows how old their children are from their baby registries, and who has a cold, right now, from cough syrup ordered for two-hour delivery. And the company has been expanding a self-service option for ad agencies and brands to take advantage of its data on shoppers.“That is where the insane scale can happen for the business,” said John Denny, a vice president at CAVU Venture Partners, which invests in consumer brands like Bulletproof coffee and Hippeas chickpea puffs.Major online ad networks offer different ways to target customers. A brand that sells running shirts for women might turn to Google to find people who the company believes are female and interested in running based on their search and browsing history. The company may turn to Facebook for people in a women’s running group.Many of Amazon’s features are similar to those of Google or Facebook, like offering ways to target users based on their interests, searches and demographics. But Amazon’s ad system can also remove a lot of the guesswork by showing ads to people who have bought the shirts on Amazon.com.Advertisers have long run some targeted campaigns through Amazon’s ad network. Many have done that by working directly with Amazon’s staff, who would place their orders on their behalf. That option has historically been focused on larger brands because it requires a minimum advertising commitment. Over time, Amazon has given more advertisers and their agencies access to the self-service system to run their own targeting campaigns on and off Amazon’s websites, and at a variety of spending levels.Users of the self-service system can choose from hundreds of automated audience segments. Some of Amazon’s targeting capabilities are dependent on shopping behaviors, such as “International Market Grocery Shopper” and people who have bought “Acne Treatments” in the past month, or household demographics, such as “Presence of children aged 4-6.” Others are based on the media people consume on Amazon, such as “Denzel Washington Fans” or people who have recently streamed fitness and exercise videos on Amazon. The company declined to comment.Just the Cheese, a brand run by Specialty Cheese Company in Reeseville, Wis., makes crunchy dried cheese bars that have taken off as a low-carb snack. By using algorithms to analyze how Just the Cheese’s search ads performed on Amazon’s site, the ad agency Quartile Digital noticed that people who searched for keto snacks and cauliflower pizza crust, both low-carb diet trends, also bought a lot of cheese bars. So Quartile ran display ads across the web targeting Amazon customers who had bought those two specific product categories. Over three months, Amazon showed the ads on websites more than six million times, which resulted in almost 22,000 clicks and more than 4,000 orders.That 20 percent conversion rate — a sale to one out of five people who clicked on the ads — was “amazing,” Mr. Knijnik said. “That is the kind of powerful granularity for building the target audiences that just Amazon can give you.”Like other ad networks, Amazon uses cookies and other technical tools to track customers from its site onto other websites. They let the company know that a person who recently bought a diet book is now reading news on CNN and could be targeted on that site with an ad for a protein bar. Amazon does not tell the advertisers who that user is, but it does serve her ads on the brand’s behalf.Last year, Amazon released a tool similar to those used by some other ad networks. That tool embeds a piece of computer code known as a pixel in ads shown on other sites, and tracks how that particular ad placement leads to customers viewing a product on Amazon or buying it outright.“They want more branding dollars, those TV dollars; that is really part of the reason they launched that advertising attribution data,” said Melissa Burdick, who worked on Amazon’s ad teams before leaving to found Pacvue, which provides tools for brands to optimize Amazon ads.Aside from shopping habits, consumers give Amazon other information that it uses to aim ads. For example, Amazon’s website has a section called “Garage,” where customers can submit their car’s make and model information to make sure they buy parts that fit. In 2015, Amazon used Garage data to help an auto insurer target specific customers, according to a case study on its site. Now, on their own, brands can choose to show ads to drivers who have an Acura MDX as opposed to people who have an Acura TL via Amazon’s ad portal.Amazon has slowly been developing ways for brands to target their own customers and shoppers, like other ad networks have offered for a while. Advertisers can upload their own customer lists, which Amazon matches with its database, and then show ads to those customers, or other people Amazon’s algorithms determine are similar.Mr. Denny of CAVU Venture Partners pointed to one of his firm’s investments, One Brands, which sells protein bars on Amazon. The company can retarget customers who looked at the product page for its birthday cake-flavored bars, as well as so-called look-alike audiences that lets One Brands find consumers whose shopping behavior Amazon has determined is similar to people who have bought the bars before.It not only finds those customers, but Amazon automatically shows different ads to different people based on their shopping behavior. People who do a lot of research on products may see an ad that features positive product reviews, whereas those who have signed up for regular deliveries of other products in the past might see an ad offering a discount for those who “Subscribe & Save.”“Early tests are showing this is insanely powerful,” Mr. Denny said. “They can do this and nobody else can come close.”SAN FRANCISCO — In October, the Chinese province of Guangdong — the manufacturing center on the southern coast that drives 12 percent of the country’s economy — stopped publishing a monthly report on the health of its local factories.For five consecutive months, this key economic index had shown a drop in factory production as the United States applied billions of dollars in tariffs on Chinese exports. Then, amid an increasingly bitter trade war between the United States and China, the government authorities in Beijing shut the index down.A small start-up in San Francisco began rebuilding the index, lifting information from photos and infrared images of Guangdong’s factories captured by satellites orbiting overhead. The company, SpaceKnow, is now selling this information to hedge funds, banks and other market traders looking for an edge.High-altitude surveillance was once the domain of global superpowers. Now, a growing number of start-ups are turning it into a business, aiming to sell insights gleaned from cameras and other sensors installed on small and inexpensive “cube satellites.”The companies and governments that spent decades using internet services, cameras and other devices to collect data on regular people may soon get a taste of their own information technology.“Businesses will not be able to hide from competitors or regulators or watchdogs,” said Mark Johnson, chief executive and co-founder of Descartes Labs, another satellite information start-up. “They need to realize that their traditional competitive advantage — information — will be available to everyone.”Nearly 730 Earth observation satellites were launched over the last decade, according to Euroconsult, a research firm that tracks the space market. In the next 10 years, 2,220 more will follow them into orbit, training an increasingly wide array of sensors on the planet.Orbital Insight, in Palo Alto, Calif., is one of the first companies to build a business around cube satellite data. Sitting in Orbital’s offices on a recent afternoon, James Crawford, the company’s founder and chief executive, who goes by Jimi, opened his laptop and pulled up a report on three big-name retailers: J. C. Penney, Macy’s and Sears.Based on the company’s satellite data, a color-coded line graph showed a steady drop in the number of cars parked outside the thousands of stores operated by the three retailers. The drop was particularly steep for Sears, which had filed for bankruptcy just days earlier. “This is one of the reasons they’ve been under so much pressure,” Mr. Crawford said.You don’t need satellite photos to know that Sears is failing. Companies like Orbital Insight are typically tight-lipped when it comes to more important data — as are their customers — mainly because they see this information as a competitive advantage.But the line graph showed how Mr. Crawford and his start-up can target the performance of individual businesses. Orbital Insight tracks activity in more than 260,000 retail parking lots across the country, and it monitors the levels of more than 25,000 oil tanks around the world.Not surprisingly, Orbital Insight and SpaceKnow said, some of their customers use this satellite data to track the progress of their direct competitors, though those customers and their competitors are very reluctant to talk about it.Mr. Crawford believes the satellite analysis will ultimately lead to more efficient markets and a better understanding of the global economy. Fred Abrahams, a researcher with the advocacy group Human Rights Watch, sees it as a check on the world’s companies and governments.Mr. Abrahams and his team use satellite imagery to track everything from illegal mining and logging operations to large-scale home demolitions. “This is why we are so committed to these technologies,” he said. “They make it that much harder to hide large-scale abuses.”All of this is being driven by a drop in the cost of building, launching and operating satellites. Today, a $3 million satellite that weighs less than 10 pounds can capture significantly sharper images than a $300 million, 900-pound satellite built in the late 1990s. That allows companies to put up dozens of devices, each of which can focus on a particular area of the globe or on a particular kind of data collection. As a result, more companies are sending more satellites into orbit, and these satellites are generating more data.And recent advances in artificial intelligence allow machines to analyze this data with greater speed and accuracy. “The future is automation, with humans only looking at the very interesting stuff,” Mr. Crawford said.Orbital Insight does not operate its own satellites. Nor does SpaceKnow or Descartes Labs. The start-ups buy their data from a growing number of satellite operators, and they build the automated systems that analyze the data, pinpointing objects like cars, buildings, mines and oil tankers in high-resolution photos and other images.Now, satellite operators are building similar systems, selling analysis as well as the raw data. The market topped $4.6 billion in 2017. By 2027, it will reach $11.4 billion, according to Euroconsult.What began with satellite cameras is rapidly expanding to infrared sensors that detect heat; “hyperspectral” sensors that identify minerals, vegetation and other materials; and radar scanners that can build three-dimensional images of the landscape below. As it reconstructs the Guangdong economic index, SpaceKnow uses infrared imagery, which can help show activity around roughly 600 factories and other industrial sites in the province.After a new satellite went up in December, a Virginia start-up called HawkEye 360 will soon track wireless signals — a way of understanding the behavior of everything from cellphone networks to cargo ships. This could provide new insight in the progress of cellular companies like AT&T and Verizon, including how many cellular towers are in operation, how active they are, and what technologies and wireless bands are being used.But as technology improves and costs drop, some still warn satellite intelligence gathering has its limits. Finding useful information in satellite imagery can be expensive, said Shawana Johnson, a veteran of satellite intelligence work who is now the president of Global Marketing Insights, a consulting firm dedicated to this area.“You have to want to look at a variety of activities across the Earth and look at them daily — or weekly — for the cost to makes sense,” she said.Others question how useful this data is, particularly for market traders. John Alberg, a data and machine learning specialist who co-founded the investment firm Euclidean Technologies, said traders could find more important and detailed information about companies here on Earth.“Satellite imagery is a narrow niche,” he said.Mr. Johnson, of Descartes Labs, acknowledged that satellite data is not always as useful as it seems to be. Descartes and other companies are still searching for the best ways to use this new trove of information.The data collected by SpaceKnow provides a rough guide to factory production in Guangdong, said Jeremy Fand, the SpaceKnow chief executive. “We can see when activity is growing — and slowing,” he said. But it is by no means as detailed or as reliable as the information Guangdong officials were collecting for their original index.In January, one satellite also provided a reminder that this is far more complicated technology than smartphones and street cameras. The WorldView-4 satellite operated by Digital Globe suddenly went dark.“Space is cool, but it takes a long time to get things right,” Mr. Johnson said. “You can’t just send a technician into space.”Each week, technology reporters and columnists from The New York Times review the week’s news, offering analysis and maybe a joke or two about the most important developments in the tech industry. Want this newsletter in your inbox? Sign up here.Hello, friends. I’m Kate Conger, a tech reporter in The Times’s San Francisco bureau. It has been another earnings news week, which means we’re learning exactly how much money the local tech companies earned in 2018.The news might not surprise you: Everyone in Silicon Valley is still raking in cash. Apple is the country’s most valuable public company again, after briefly losing the title to Amazon. Facebook has shattered its own considerable records for profit and revenue, despite increasing scrutiny of its business practices.And a flock of companies is set to join the tech giants in the public market. Slack, the workplace chat app that I compulsively check throughout my day, has filed for its initial public offering. It’s now in line behind Uber and Lyft for a 2019 debut on Wall Street. Airbnb and Pinterest are likely to follow, bringing a fresh wave of money to one of the most expensive regions in the United States.New wealth and tech is nothing new, of course. But it is notable that tech companies have done so well in a difficult year for the industry.Executives from Google, Facebook and Twitter were called to Washington to answer lawmakers’ concerns about political bias, privacy violations and excessive market power.In Europe, antitrust worries are on the rise. In 2017, Google paid what was a record fine of $2.7 billion. Last year, Google was fined again, this time for $5.1 billion.Just this past week, Germany announced that it would crack down on the way Facebook collects and combines data on its users as they browse the web. British doctors recommended that parents limit their children’s exposure to screens and social media, while my co-worker Brian X. Chen wrote about “bait apps” that trick kids into spending money online.The tech industry’s honeymoon with the rest of the world seems to be over. Except when it comes to making money.Snapchat and Twitter, two social media services that seemed to be struggling just months ago, posted better-than-anticipated earnings this past week. Google, which is facing down employee protests and regulatory scrutiny in the United States and Europe, posted a 22 percent increase in revenue.Our Google beat reporter, Daisuke Wakabayashi, wrote why it’s possible for tech firms to continue earning record profits even as the public’s perception of them sours. Google, he said, is the “internet’s ultimate beachfront property.” If you want to swim in the ocean, you need to walk across Google’s private beach first.Even if you don’t like the way a tech company behaves, boycotting may be an impossible challenge.I’ve been fascinated by Kashmir Hill’s series at Gizmodo about her struggles to extricate herself from the so-called Big Five: Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Apple and Facebook. She recounted all the missed texts and wrong turns she made as she tried to get through her day without the technology that I take for granted. The series is a warning about the uphill battle we’d all face if we decided to limit our collective tech addiction.And as long as it remains difficult to quit, tech’s profits will continue to soar.In other news:■ Newsrooms are increasingly relying on artificial intelligence to churn out quick news pieces about earthquakes, sports scores and — of course — earnings. “Robot reporters” are on the rise at Bloomberg, The Washington Post and other publications. Here at The Times, our A.I. experimentation has been limited to newsletter personalization, Jaclyn Peiser reports. Maybe someday soon, a robot reporter will be picking these stories to share with you.■ Did you know the North Pole could move? I learned that the magnetic north pole is heading toward Siberia at a surprising pace, thanks to a fascinating report from Shannon Hall. The pole, which I’d always assumed was a fixed point, is on the move thanks to the “sloshing” of liquid iron in the outer core of the Earth, and we have to continually track it so that navigation systems remain reliable. But we’re a bit behind because of the government shutdown.■ Instacart revised its tipping policy this past week after backlash from the delivery people who pick up items for shoppers and deliver them to their doorsteps. Late last year, Instacart started counting tips against payments to its delivery people, essentially stripping them of their tips.“It’s offensive, it’s unethical, and in this climate it’s a very dumb thing to do,” one Instacart courier told Kevin Roose. Now, Instacart has reversed course and will include tips on top of the delivery fee it pays its shoppers.■ Even though Facebook is banned in China, the company found a way to generate an estimated $5 billion from the country, Paul Mozur and Lin Qiqing report. To tap the market, Facebook has created what sounds like an Ikea floor model that allows interested advertisers to familiarize themselves with the platform while it remains hidden behind China’s Great Firewall.Kate Conger is based in San Francisco and writes about the technology industry. Follow her on Twitter: @kateconger.SAN FRANCISCO — Google’s parent company, Alphabet, had a tumultuous 2018, with employee revolts, antitrust fines, tough privacy regulation in Europe and heightened political scrutiny in Washington.Through it all, the company managed to produce strong financial results with the numbing consistency of the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl.On Monday, Alphabet said revenue rose 22 percent to $39.27 billion in its most recent quarter, while profits swung to $8.95 billion. Last year, Alphabet reported a loss after it took a $9.9 billion charge for the repatriation of foreign earnings after changes in the tax code.Alphabet’s financial consistency is easily explained. Google owns the internet’s ultimate beachfront property, the starting point for a lot of internet activity, whether it’s someone looking for entertainment on YouTube or hunting for product information on the Google search engine.While Facebook and Amazon are formidable competitors, Google is the top destination for marketers looking to reach consumers online. It accounted for 31 percent of digital advertising around the world last year, according to the research firm eMarketer.Google said advertising revenue from “Google properties” like search and YouTube was $27.02 billion in the fourth quarter, up 22 percent from a year earlier.The company’s ad business is shifting as more consumers use mobile devices for access to the internet. Alphabet reported a 66 percent increase in clicks on its ads, although the revenue per click fell 29 percent during the quarter. In other words, people are looking at Google’s ads more often, though the price of those ads is dropping.Mobile ads cost less than ads viewed on desktop devices. But the company has offset that decline because search ads take up more screen space on mobile phones — making it more likely users will click on them.Alphabet’s quarterly results beat Wall Street’s estimates, but the company’s share price was down about 2.6 percent in after-hours trading on Monday.If there is a cause for concern, it is Google’s rising costs. In order to maintain a foothold on smartphones, Google pays smartphone manufacturers like Apple billions of dollars to be the default search engine on their devices.Alphabet is also spending more to acquire content for YouTube, market new hardware products and build new data centers and other sorts of technology infrastructure.On a conference call with analysts on Monday, Sundar Pichai, Google’s chief executive, said investments in building and expanding data centers were “an important long-term investment” for future computing needs as the company rolled out new technologies like artificial intelligence.In 2018, Google’s costs and expenses grew 30 percent, outpacing the 23 percent increase in revenue. The company’s capital expenditures nearly doubled in the past year to $25.14 billion.Alphabet has continued to hire aggressively. It had 98,771 employees as of Dec. 31, compared with 80,110 workers a year earlier.Ruth Porat, Alphabet’s chief financial officer, has pushed the company to be more mindful of its costs — calling for more fiscal discipline at units like X, Google’s research and development arm. But her cost-cutting push has raised concerns among Google’s vocal employees.Last week, Google had to address a spreadsheet created by its human resources department in 2016 — the year after Ms. Porat joined the company — that raised the possibility of cost-cutting measures like promoting fewer employees and scaling back some of the company’s famous workplace perks.At a weekly employee meeting, Google management responded to sharp criticism from employees about the spreadsheet, saying that it was a brainstorming exercise and that most of the proposals were never considered.On the internet, conspiracy theories, propaganda and plain old inaccuracies can stump even the most thoughtful readers, spreading faster than you can say “fake news.”A small start-up, NewsGuard, says it may have a solution. The effort is led by a pair of veteran news executives — Steven Brill, an author and the founder of the magazine The American Lawyer, and Gordon Crovitz, a former publisher of The Wall Street Journal. On Wednesday the company announced that it had signed Microsoft as its first major client.NewsGuard has created the equivalent of nutrition labels for news organizations, rating more than 2,000 news and information sites with tags: red for unreliable, green for trustworthy. A team of roughly 50 journalists and analysts is making the evaluations.NewsGuard has given its stamp of approval to established publications like The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal, as well as later entrants like BuzzFeed and Newsmax. FoxNews.com, The Hill, The Daily Beast and HuffPost have also gotten green lights.Sites to watch out for, according to NewsGuard, include Infowars and Breitbart on the right, and Daily Kos on the left. Media Matters, a left-leaning advocacy organization with a prolific media-watchdog blog, has received a green rating, but scores negatively on four of the nine criteria used by NewsGuard.The start-up hopes to become a regular part of the reading experience on the web. Its premise is that it is more efficient to rate news organizations than the endless stream of articles rolled out each hour.The service, free to readers, offers a browser extension that shows a news operation’s rating when a reader lands on its site. The NewsGuard tag also appears in search results next to article links for those who have the extension.“The point is to make this ubiquitous,” Mr. Brill said in an interview.To make money, the company has pitched major technology companies to license its software and incorporate its ratings into their services. The first major tech player to sign on is Microsoft, which has agreed to install the system onto its mobile browser, NewsGuard said.The venture is not Mr. Brill’s first go-round on the media beat. In 1998, he founded the monthly magazine Brill’s Content, which chronicled how the journalism sausage got made until it closed in 2001.He acknowledged that, for now, NewsGuard’s analysis lacked the distribution to have a major effect, but a Gallup survey funded by the Knight Foundation suggested that independent ratings can change how people consume news. Readers who participated in the poll were less likely to share headlines that were flagged as potentially misleading. (The Knight Foundation is also an investor in NewsGuard.)NewsGuard has raised about $6 million at a valuation of around $20 million. Its biggest corporate backer is Publicis, an advertising holding company.Both founders said they were surprised, at first, by the advertising industry’s interest in their project. “For them, it’s the whole problem of fake news being an issue for ‘brand safety,’” Mr. Brill said. “I hadn’t even heard that term until we looked out for investors.”Last year, some advertisers fled YouTube after they noticed their messages were appearing alongside videos promoting terrorists. And while they haven’t abandoned Facebook, marketers are requesting more data to make sure their brands aren’t being associated with questionable content.Facebook has become a flash point for the spread of false reports. To combat media pollution, the company has worked with fact checkers and has enlisted third-party groups, including The Associated Press, Snopes and PolitiFact, to make evaluations. Still, it can take up to three days for Facebook to verify content — which has little or no effect, in most cases, since articles go viral in minutes.Facebook and other social networks have not signed on with NewsGuard, but Mr. Brill and Mr. Crovitz anticipate that some kind of ratings service will eventually be adopted across the web. And despite their positioning as a nutrition label for news, they said no one should interpret their work as an endorsement for some kind of media equivalent to the Food and Drug Administration.“We’d be very uncomfortable if the government were mandating anything with regard to news,” Mr. Crovitz said. “That would violate free speech values. You have the First Amendment.”In a significant escalation of the criminal case against Michael Avenatti, the brash lawyer known for representing Stormy Daniels in lawsuits against President Trump, federal prosecutors in California announced on Thursday that he had been indicted on three dozen counts.The authorities accused Mr. Avenatti of stealing millions of dollars from five clients and of lying repeatedly about his business and income — not just to clients but also to an I.R.S. collection agent, creditors, a bankruptcy court and a bankruptcy trustee.Mr. Avenatti was indicted by a federal grand jury in Santa Ana, Calif., on the new charges, which included tax fraud and bankruptcy fraud, adding to charges of wire fraud, bank fraud and extortion that were filed against him last month in California and New York. If convicted of all the crimes of which he has been accused in California alone, prosecutors said, he would face a maximum of 333 years in prison, and an additional two-year mandatory sentence on an identity theft charge.“It is lawyer 101: You do not steal your client’s money,” Nicola T. Hanna, the United States attorney in Los Angeles, said at a news conference Thursday, describing Mr. Avenatti’s business as a Ponzi scheme of sorts. “Money generated from one set of crimes was used to further other crimes, typically in the form of payments used to string along victims so as to prevent Mr. Avenatti’s financial house of cards from collapsing.”Mr. Avenatti denied all of the allegations on Thursday. He has suggested that the case against him is politically motivated, following his aggressive representation of Ms. Daniels, the pornographic film actress who said she had a sexual relationship with President Trump and received a hush-money payment in October 2016. (Two suits that Mr. Avenatti brought on behalf of Ms. Daniels against Mr. Trump have been dismissed.)“This case is based on the facts and the documents,” Mr. Hanna said Thursday, noting that the charges stemmed from an inquiry by the I.R.S.’s criminal investigation division that dated to September 2016, before Mr. Trump was elected and well before Mr. Avenatti began representing Ms. Daniels.Among the five clients Mr. Avenatti is accused of defrauding across four matters, prosecutors said, one was a paraplegic man, Geoffrey Ernest Johnson, who won a $4 million settlement from Los Angeles County four years ago but had received only “a fraction of the money” through periodic payments that never exceeded $1,900.“Mr. Avenatti stole millions of dollars that were meant to compensate Mr. Johnson for a devastating injury, spent it on his own lavish lifestyle, then lied about it to Mr. Johnson for years to cover his tracks,” Josh Robbins, a lawyer for Mr. Johnson, said Thursday. “His actions have left Mr. Johnson destitute.”Mr. Avenatti lied to clients about having received a total of more than $12 million in settlement payments, a share of which he would have been entitled to keep for his work, prosecutors said. He told clients the money had not yet arrived or, in one case, that he had already forwarded the funds to the client. He paid out small portions of what was owed to the clients, calling those payments “advances on the settlement,” prosecutors said.Mr. Avenatti put most of the client money toward his own expenses, the authorities said, including a $5 million private jet that he co-owned, which prosecutors said they had seized on Wednesday. In the purchase of that aircraft, according to the charging documents unsealed Thursday, Mr. Avenatti used $2.5 million of a client’s $3 million settlement, paid in 2017, while he told the client that the settlement would be paid in installments over eight years.In other instances, the indictment said, he put client money toward paying personal legal expenses, paying creditors after his firm had filed for bankruptcy, and paying costs associated with a coffee company he owned.He also dodged taxes, some that he owed himself and others that were owed by his firm, prosecutors said. They alleged that Mr. Avenatti had lied to an I.R.S. revenue officer and had taken steps to prevent the government from collecting on tax liens and levies since 2013.Though from 2015 to 2017 he withheld taxes from the paychecks of employees at the coffee company he owned — Global Baristas, which ran Tully’s coffee stores — Mr. Avenatti failed to pay more than $3 million in payroll taxes to the government, prosecutors said. They accused him of trying to obstruct the government’s efforts to collect nearly $5 million in unpaid payroll taxes and penalties by routing coffee-company money to different bank accounts, including one associated with a car-racing company he owned.“As the tax filing season comes to an end, the indictment filed today sends a clear message,” Ryan Korner, the acting special agent in charge of the I.R.S.’s Criminal Investigation division in Los Angeles, said Thursday. “We will investigate all individuals, including high-profile attorneys who violate the tax laws.”At the time of Thursday’s announcement, Mr. Avenatti was out on $300,000 bail after having been arrested late last month in New York, where he was accused of demanding millions from Nike’s lawyers while threatening to reveal what he has described as improper payments to college basketball recruits by the sportswear giant. He is due to answer to the new charges against him on April 29 in federal court in Santa Ana.“I intend to fully fight all charges and plead not guilty,” Mr. Avenatti said on Twitter after the new charges in California were announced. “I look forward to the entire truth being known as opposed to a one-sided version meant to sideline me.”“For 20 years, I have represented Davids vs. Goliaths and relied on due process and our system of justice,” he said. “Along the way, I have made many powerful enemies. I am entitled to a full presumption of innocence and am confident that justice will be done once all of the facts are known.”Mr. Avenatti, 48, was a fixture on cable news as an antagonist to Mr. Trump as Ms. Daniels’s case played out. He and Ms. Daniels parted ways this year, and his firm again filed for bankruptcy last month. Even since he was first charged last month, he has turned to the news media to mount his defense.“I can take a tremendous amount of punishment and keep going,” he told The New York Times days after he was arrested. “Anytime you’re charged with any felony you have to take it seriously, and I’m concerned about it,” he said, quickly adding: “The government has me in their cross-hairs, and there are reasons for that.”He declined to explain what exactly he meant by that.A teenage girl who did not play soccer magically became a star soccer recruit at Yale. Cost to her parents: $1.2 million.A high school boy eager to enroll at the University of Southern California was falsely deemed to have a learning disability so he could take his standardized test with a complicit proctor who would make sure he got the right score. Cost to his parents: at least $50,000.A student with no experience rowing won a spot on the U.S.C. crew team after a photograph of another person in a boat was submitted as evidence of her prowess. Her parents wired $200,000 into a special account.In a major college admissions scandal that laid bare the elaborate lengths some wealthy parents will go to get their children into competitive American universities, federal prosecutors charged 50 people on Tuesday in a brazen scheme to buy spots in the freshman classes at Yale, Stanford and other big-name schools.[The college admissions scandal has raised a lot of questions. We’ve answered them here.]Thirty-three well-heeled parents were charged in the case, including Hollywood celebrities and prominent business leaders, and prosecutors said there could be additional indictments to come.Also implicated were top college athletic coaches, who were accused of accepting millions of dollars to help admit undeserving students to a wide variety of colleges, from the University of Texas at Austin to Wake Forest and Georgetown, by suggesting they were top athletes.The parents included the television star Lori Loughlin and her husband, the fashion designer Mossimo Giannulli; the actress Felicity Huffman; and William E. McGlashan Jr., a partner at the private equity firm TPG, officials said.[Read more here about the scheme worked, from bribes to doctored photos.]The scheme unveiled Tuesday was stunning in its breadth and audacity. It was the Justice Department’s largest-ever college admissions prosecution, a sprawling investigation that involved 200 agents nationwide and resulted in charges against 50 people in six states.The charges also underscored how college admissions have become so cutthroat and competitive that some have sought to break the rules. The authorities say the parents of some of the nation’s wealthiest and most privileged students sought to buy spots for their children at top universities, not only cheating the system, but potentially cheating other hard-working students out of a chance at a college education.In many of the cases, prosecutors said, the students were not aware that their parents were doctoring their test scores and lying to get them into school. Federal prosecutors did not charge any students or universities with wrongdoing.“The parents are the prime movers of this fraud,” Andrew E. Lelling, the United States attorney for the District of Massachusetts, said Tuesday during a news conference. Mr. Lelling said that those parents used their wealth to create a separate and unfair admissions process for their children.“The real victims in this case are the hardworking students” who were displaced in the admissions process by “far less qualified students and their families who simply bought their way in,” Mr. Lelling said.At the center of the sweeping financial crime and fraud case was William Singer, the founder of a college preparatory business called the Edge College & Career Network, also known as The Key.The authorities said Mr. Singer used The Key and its nonprofit arm, Key Worldwide Foundation, which is based in Newport Beach, Calif., to help students cheat on their standardized tests, and to pay bribes to the coaches who could get them into college with fake athletic credentials.[Read more about William Singer, the founder of a college preparatory business, who’s at the center of the case.]Mr. Singer used The Key as a front, allowing parents to funnel money into an account without having to pay any federal taxes.Parents paid Mr. Singer about $25 million from 2011 until February 2019 to bribe coaches and university administrators to designate their children as recruited athletes, which effectively ensured their admission, according to the indictment.Mr. Singer appeared in federal court in Boston on Tuesday afternoon and pleaded guilty to counts of racketeering conspiracy, money laundering conspiracy, conspiracy to defraud the United States, and obstruction of justice.Sitting very still and wearing a dark suit, he described how he arranged for students’ SAT and ACT results to be falsified by sending them to take the exams in Houston or Los Angeles, where he had bribed test administrators. He described the students as believing they were taking the tests legitimately, but said that his test proctor would correct their answers afterward. Mr. Singer said he would tell the proctor the score he wanted the student to get, and he would achieve that score exactly.In his testimony, he referred to his bribery and money laundering schemes as “a side door” method of admission.“If I can make the comparison, there is a front door of getting in where a student just does it on their own, and then there’s a back door where people go to institutional advancement and make large donations, but they’re not guaranteed in,” Mr. Singer said. “And then I created a side door that guaranteed families to get in. So that was what made it very attractive to so many families, is I created a guarantee.”One of the prosecutors, Eric S. Rosen, said that Mr. Singer had in some cases falsified students’ ethnicities and other biographical details to take advantage of affirmative action.Mr. Singer also described how, after he became a cooperating witness and was told by the prosecutors and the F.B.I. that he could not talk to anyone about the case, he tipped off several families that he was wired and warned them not to incriminate themselves in conversations with him.The judge set sentencing for June 19, and Mr. Singer was released on a $500,000 bond.[Read about how the scandal ensnared the stars Felicity Huffman and Lori Loughlin.]Most elite universities recruit student athletes and use different criteria to admit them, often with lower grades and standardized test scores than other students.Mr. Singer helped parents go to great lengths to falsely present their children as the sort of top-flight athletes that coaches would want to recruit.Mr. Singer fabricated athletic “profiles” of students to submit with their applications, which contained teams the students had not played on and honors they had not won. Some parents supplied “staged photographs of their children engaged in athletic activity,” according to the authorities; Mr. Singer’s associates also photoshopped the faces of the applicants onto images of athletes found on the internet.“This is an extreme, unsubtle and illegal example of the increasingly common practice of using money to get an edge in the race for a place in an elite university,” said Christopher Hunt, who runs College Essay Mentor, a consulting service for applicants.In one example detailed in an indictment, the parents of a student applying to Yale paid Mr. Singer $1.2 million to help her get admitted. The student, who did not play soccer, was described as the co-captain of a prominent club soccer team in Southern California in order to be recruited for the Yale women’s soccer team. The head coach of the Yale team, Rudolph Meredith, was bribed at least $400,000 to recruit the student.After the profile was created, Mr. Singer sent the fake profile to Mr. Meredith, who then designated her as a recruit, even though he knew the student did not play competitive soccer, according to the complaint.[Read the full list of who has been charged here.]In its investigation, known internally as Operation Varsity Blues, the government focused on the 33 indicted parents. Those parents were willing to pay between $15,000 and $75,000 per test, which went to college entrance exam administrators who helped their children cheat on them by giving them answers, correcting their work or even letting third parties falsely pose as their children and take the tests in their stead, according to the indictment.Mr. Singer instructed at least one parent, Mr. McGlashan, to claim that his son had learning disabilities in order to gain extended time for him to take his college entrance exam alone, over two days instead of one, according to court documents.The government said that Mr. McGlashan’s son was told to take the exam at one of two test centers where Mr. Singer worked with test administrators who had been bribed to allow students to cheat. And Mr. Singer told Mr. McGlashan to fabricate a reason, such as a wedding, for why their children would need to take the test in one of those locations.Mr. McGlashan’s son was unaware of the scheme, according to court documents.Mr. McGlashan did not respond to an email seeking comment. TPG said that it had placed Mr. McGlashan on indefinite administrative leave effective immediately as a result of the charges.When Mr. Singer explained the scheme last June to Gordon R. Caplan, co-chairman of the global law firm Willkie Farr & Gallagher, Mr. Caplan laughed and said, “And it works?” according to a transcript of a recorded phone conversation between the two men captured in a court-authorized wiretap.Mr. Singer told Mr. Caplan that his daughter would not know that her standardized test scores had been faked.“Nobody knows what happens,” Mr. Singer said, according to the transcript of the call. “She feels great about herself. She got a test score, and now you’re actually capable for help getting into a school. Because the test score’s no longer an issue. Does that make sense?”“That does,” Mr. Caplan said. According to prosecutors, Mr. Caplan paid $75,000 for the service.A spokeswoman for Mr. Caplan and Willkie Farr did not respond to an email seeking comment.Universities were quick to respond to the charges on Tuesday. According to the indictment, Stanford University’s head sailing coach, John Vandemoer, took financial contributions to the sailing program from an intermediary in exchange for agreeing to recommend two prospective students for admission.Stanford said Tuesday that Mr. Vandemoer had been fired. The University of Texas at Austin released a statement Tuesday saying that its men’s tennis coach, Michael Center, has been placed on leave. And at U.S.C., Donna Heinel, a top athletic director, and Jovan Vavic, the men’s and women’s water polo coach, were terminated. Ms. Heinel received more than $1.3 million in bribes and Mr. Vavic about $250,000 according to federal prosecutors.In a letter to the college community, Wanda M. Austin, the interim president of the University of Southern California, said, “It is immensely disappointing that individuals would abuse their position at the university this way.”Like other college administrators, Dr. Austin said she did not believe that admissions officers were aware of the scheme or took part in it, and she described the university as a victim.Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together.WASHINGTON — I had a flight to Palm Beach booked for the day after Christmas. President Trump was scheduled to spend 16 days at his Florida club, Mar-a-Lago, over the holidays, and our White House team had divided up the hardship assignment, with most of us taking three-day shifts in the sun. (Last year on the gig, Michael S. Schmidt scored an unplanned interview with the President.)Destination Mar-a-Lago was a big reason many people close to the president predicted, at first, that the shutdown might be short-lived. Unaccustomed to spending winter weekends in Washington, the president would be eager to resume his more familiar, golf-all-afternoon routine, his friends and allies said. He wouldn’t let the fight with Congress over a border wall ruin that.But my flight came and went, and I was not on it. New Year’s Eve came and went, and no one on our team ever had to travel to Florida, because the president didn’t.One of the biggest changes of covering Mr. Trump’s West Wing during the shutdown, now on its 34th day, is that he is here, almost all of the time. It’s become a point of pride for Mr. Trump: that he is waiting patiently in the White House — “I am all alone (poor me) in the White House,” he wrote on Twitter over the holidays — for Democrats to come back to the table and make him a deal, i.e., fund his border wall.But aside from Mr. Trump’s physical presence in Washington, there are fewer changes than one might think on the White House beat.Mr. Trump’s days are filled, sort of, with meetings with his vice president or a cabinet secretary, maybe an afternoon briefing on border security, or a meeting with lawmakers from the Hill. (Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, however, haven’t come over since Jan. 9, when they said that Mr. Trump stormed out after declaring their meeting a “total waste of time.”)But the schedule is always light. Mr. Trump’s day, almost every day, starts with three hours of unstructured and unexplained “executive time,” which in the mornings often means he hasn’t left the residence. If you track his morning tweets with the cable chyrons (the text at the bottom of the screen during broadcasts), what it often means is that he is taking in the morning shows. The first meeting on his private schedule rarely occurs before 11 a.m.There have been no briefings from the press secretary during the shutdown, but that’s not new either — those have been quietly phased out since last September.The White House had no clear domestic policy agenda before the shutdown. There is little other work going on inside the building these days, but it’s not clear what short-term projects senior staff members have been diverted from.The whole city is quieter. You can always get a seat on the Metro. Traffic is light. The Eisenhower Executive Office Building, where overflow staff and other departments work from, has become a ghost town of empty offices. But the West Wing is still buzzing with its typical antagonistic energy.All of the senior White House officials who have become household names are still working. Many of them want the shutdown to end. Some of them are bored. When you visit their offices, they’ll tell you they’re not worried about their own missed paychecks, but many of them will admit they are annoyed that there are empty chairs where their assistants usually sit.Twitter also still works during the shutdown. And Mr. Trump’s thumbs have been as quick as ever when he sees an opportunity to belittle the press or amplify what looks like a brewing culture war. He relished a statement from the special counsel’s office that disputed a report that he had directed Michael D. Cohen, his longtime lawyer and fixer, to lie to Congress about his role in negotiations to build a Trump skyscraper in Moscow. And he was quick to take sides in a race-driven controversy, declaring that the white, male students from Covington Catholic High School had become “symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be” after a viral video captured them in a standoff with a Native American man at the March for Life in Washington, D.C.Some parts of my job have become more frustrating. “Communications with the media will be limited to events and issues involving the safety of human life or the protection of property, or those determined to be essential to national security,” was an automatic email response I got recently from a spokeswoman at the State Department. I had contacted her to obtain public information that was supposed to have been published online but that has not been, because of the shutdown. The White House has also stopped distributing guidance for the week ahead. Now, we find out the night before what’s on the president’s agenda for the next day.On Tuesday, I spoke with someone intimately involved in the shutdown discussions. The person assured me that Mr. Trump was never, ever going to cave on the wall, and that there has been a silver lining to the shutdown, even as 800,000 federal workers are missing their second paycheck. This person said the shutdown has been an opportunity to make a national case about border security.It sounds like pure spin, but there’s something to that. In a White House where every major development is supplanted before its significance can be fully digested, the shutdown has overshadowed many things. James Mattis, the defense secretary, resigned over what he considered a rash decision to pull troops out of Syria. The Trump Foundation was forced to close amid allegations that the family was using it for personal benefit. The stock market lost more in a month than it had since the Great Depression. Meanwhile, the shutdown has turned the White House into a one-issue building, and its reporters into a one-story crowd.Follow the @ReaderCenter on Twitter for more coverage highlighting your perspectives and experiences and for insight into how we work.Name: Kit Clementine KeenanAge: 19Hometown: New YorkNow Lives: She splits her time between a studio loft in Downtown Los Angeles and her parents’ townhouse in the West Village.Claim to Fame: Ms. Keenan is the daughter of Cynthia Rowley, the fashion designer. And although she is still in college (she is a second-year film student at the USC School of Cinematic Arts in Los Angeles), she is already following in her mother’s footsteps. Last year, Ms. Keenan started a youth-centric clothing brand called KIT. The line, which is sold exclusively through the company’s website, includes a mishmash of styles including graphic hoodies and white prairie dresses (prices range from $45 to $220). The randomness is by design. “What I want to do with the brand is have every drop be a complete reinvention, so it’s not like having to stick to one image of the brand,” Ms. Keenan said.Big Break: Ms. Keenan got the idea for her clothing label during her freshman year of college and used savings from modeling gigs to start the line. Having family connections certainly didn’t hurt. Her mother advised her on production and which factories to use. And when the site went live last June, it was covered by Elle and Women’s Wear Daily. KIT also had a pop-up shop last summer at the Surf Lodge in Montauk, where her parents have a home. “I didn’t have a business plan or fancy investors,” Ms. Keenan said. “I had a few thousand dollars and some good advice.”Latest Project: In July, Ms. Keenan released a second collection: six streetwear pieces that feature a Playboy bunny-like image created by Richard Prince, the contemporary artist, who also happens to be a close family friend. Mr. Prince had posted the image on his private Instagram account and invited followers to use his art. Ms. Keenan took him up on the offer. “I love this image, and I’ve had the print of it in my room growing up my entire life,” Ms. Keenan said.Next Thing: Ms. Keenan recently created her version of the little black dress, a body hugging black mock-neck dress, and is currently working on a small collection of basics for women with all kinds of bodies. “I have been working on perfecting one basic dress that is made to stretch to a wider range of sizes,” Ms. Keenan said. “I believe there is a gap in the industry for high quality basics that look good on a range of body types.”Bedtime Brainstorm: Borrowing an idea from her mother, Ms. Keenan keeps a notebook next to her bed so she can jot down ideas. “I was looking at my notes the other day, and one of them said, ‘Mongolian cashmere,’ and one of them said, ‘playing dress-up as a shoot idea,’” Ms. Keenan said. “When we’re in that trying-to-relax state, that’s when we’re most creative.”There is a lot of money to be made in beauty, and right now a lot of it is being made by male executives. Moj Mahdara wants to change that. The C.E.O. of Beautycon, which holds semiannual festival-like trade shows, recently raised $20 million in funding and has begun to open pop-up retail spaces in Los Angeles. She wants to see women achieve Warren Buffett-, Bill Gates- and Jeff Bezos-level wealth on their own terms. So she brought in a case study: Cardi B, the queen of “money moves.”Cardi talks about money without condescension. “Everything she’s telling you — about spending, saving, taxes — is transparent and through her lived experience,” said Ms. Mahdara. At Beautycon NYC, Cardi and Ms. Mahdara spoke about how the basics of financial literacy ignore some personal-finance realities. “You can save money when you can afford to save money,” Cardi said. “How you gonna save money and you have bills to pay?”Ms. Mahdara shared a common statistic on pay parity: A woman makes around 80 cents on a man’s dollar (a recent study found the gap is worse than that, 49 cents to every dollar). She asked Cardi for her insight on the matter. The rapper insisted she gets paid equally — now, at least. Back when Cardi was Insta-famous, but not yet “Bodak Yellow” famous, she hosted parties at clubs for a fee. It became clear that the rappers and other guys she co-hosted with were making more money than she was for the same job. “I said, ‘I’m going to stop taking bookings until y’all pay me more,’” she said. And “that bag doubled.” “Women are not comfortable talking about money,” Ms. Mahdara said, and men aren’t comfortable talking to them about it. She believes that her appearance and demeanor, as a butch, queer woman, intimidates the men she meets through business. “I think that’s half the reason I have issues with investors or people I work with,” she said. “I’m not a female they can put in a category and that’s uncomfortable for them.”Here, Cardi shares advice for leveling up, hustling and getting paid:Ask for what you wantCardi said she was always shy, and that it took getting used to asking for what she wanted. “That’s why men are sometimes good hustlers,” she said. “Women are so timid. A lot of girls ask me, ‘How do I get what I want?’ By asking.” Cardi was a stripper for a few years before she found fame online and on “Love & Hip Hop.” She hates bringing it up, she said, because she’s not suggesting that women should follow her path. But she learned a lot about money while dancing for tips. “When I started becoming popular, I used to say, ‘I want y’all to throw me money. Don’t even talk to me if y’all not throwing me some money,’” she said. “Then when they started seeing me, it was like, ‘Here I know you want some money so let me throw it at you.’ You just gotta ask.” (Last month video footage surfaced on Instagram in which Cardi said that she drugged and robbed men while working as a stripper. In a statement, the rapper said, “I'm a part of a hip-hop culture where you can talk about where you come from, talk about the wrong things you had to do to get where you are.”)Listen to your momAfter having a daughter, Kulture, last year with her husband, Offset, Cardi feels even more driven to make money. “I can never be comfortable,” she said. Motherhood brings up thoughts of her own mother, who always told her to have children only if she could afford to take care of them on her own. “I used to think my mom was paranoid. But as you get older you understand what your mom be talking to you about,” she said. “I always dated guys that had money. But I didn’t have the money. What happens if we separate? I don’t want to be asking you for stuff — no, that’s not my style.”Don’t get distracted by social mediaCardi would rather see you using influencers as inspiration for how to get money rather than distraction from making it. “These bloggers making mad money from y’all watching,” she said. “Watch their recipe.” Live within your meansCardi said the lavish lives rappers portray aren’t realistic. Flying private, for example, is at best an excess. But sometimes, to avoid the drama of airports now that she has Kulture, it’s unavoidable. “It’s a write-off sometimes, but you gotta prove all day that it’s a write-off,” she said. “And even if it is, that’s money you could've had.”Hustle for a future, but don’t be ashamed of your pastCardi said that people criticize her for her past work as a stripper. She should have gone to college, they say. She is candid though about the everyday expenses of higher education — like transportation, housing and food — that made community college unaffordable for her. “You cannot even get a room in New York City if you got a job that pays you $300 a week,” she said. She advises that if you’re working and hustling, do it with the future in mind. Know where your tax money is goingCardi B is passionate about taxes but understands why not everyone shares her opinion. If she makes $15 million, for example, she told Ms. Mahdara, $8 or 9 million is going to the government. “Then you be like, ‘Damn, I gave all this money to Uncle Sam, and there’s still potholes in my street.’” And besides, health care and college aren’t free, she said. It’s part of why she talks about politics so much to her fans. “I keep educating,” she said. “I try to elevate.”Pilots from several airlines met with Boeing executives in Renton, Wash., on Saturday to discuss proposed changes to 737 Max jets, two of which have crashed in recent months.The meeting on Saturday, with about a dozen pilots and trainers, was part of Boeing’s effort to manage the crisis set off by the crash of Lion Air Flight 610 in October and the crash of Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302 under similar circumstances this month. Boeing and people briefed on the meeting confirmed it.In addition to reviewing proposed modifications to new anti-stall software and cockpit displays, pilots from five airlines strapped into flight simulators to see how they would have handled the situation that is believed to have brought down Lion Air Flight 610 in Indonesia, according to two people briefed on the meeting.In each case, the pilots using the simulators were able to land the plane safely.Saturday’s session included representatives from American Airlines, Southwest Airlines and United Airlines — the three American carriers that fly the Max — as well as from two non-U.S. airlines, Copa Airlines and Fly Dubai. The group did not include representatives from Ethiopian Airlines, Lion Air or the large Chinese carriers that fly the 737 Max.On Wednesday in Renton, where the 737 Max is assembled, Boeing will host a group of 200 pilots and officials from almost all the carriers that currently fly the Max or have ordered the jets. As on Saturday, Boeing plans to describe the proposed changes to the software, and review what new training procedures may be needed before airlines can once again fly the Max, which is grounded worldwide.“This is part of our ongoing effort to share more details about our plan for supporting the safe return of the 737 Max to commercial service,” Boeing said in a statement. “We had a productive session this past Saturday and plan to reach all current and many future Max operators and their home regulators.”While Boeing continues to work on a software fix, American Airlines said it would extend its cancellations through April 24. American canceled nearly 90 of its roughly 6,700 flights a day because of the Max grounding.International authorities and domestic regulators including the Federal Aviation Administration will have to sign off before the Max can fly again.On Saturday, pilots from the five airlines simulated flights with the software as it was originally written, as well as with the proposed updates.A leading theory is that the Lion Air flight crashed because the anti-stall software received erroneous data, forcing the plane into a nose-dive. The Ethiopian Airlines flight also crashed after an erratic takeoff.In simulations using the current software, pilots were able to disable the anti-stall software using existing procedures, and land the airplane safely.The simulations using the updated software required less intervention by the pilots.The software, known as MCAS, is designed to push the nose of the plane down if it detects the plane pointing up at a dangerous angle that might induce a stall. To determine when it is needed, the software takes data from two so-called angle of attack sensors on the side of the plane, which measure whether the fuselage is pointing up or down.But when it was originally designed, the software only responded to data from one sensor at a time.Preliminary plans for a proposed update will change the software in several substantial ways, according to the people familiar with the meeting. It will take data from both angle of attack sensors, instead of just one.If the difference between the two sensors is more than 5 degrees, the software will be disabled.Instead of allowing the software to push the nose down multiple times, it will limit the number of instances it can attempt to push the nose down, and limit the duration of that intervention to 10 seconds.On Sunday, Boeing also issued a statement on the equipment used to measure and display the plane’s angle of attack.The New York Times reported on Thursday, that two of these indicators were sold as options.Boeing previously charged extra for two features in the cockpit: the angle of attack indicator, which showed pilots the readings from the angle of attack sensors; and the disagree light, which notified pilots if the readings from the two sensors were at odds with one another.Boeing will now make the disagree light standard in all new 737 Max planes, and will provide the indicator free of charge for customers who want it.“All primary flight information required to safely and efficiently operate the 737 Max is included on the baseline primary flight display,” Boeing said. “All 737 Max airplanes display this data in a way that is consistent with pilot training and the fundamental instrument scan pattern that pilots are trained to use.”The F.A.A. does not currently require pilots to to train on simulators that replicate all the features of the Max, and may not change that stance. But it is possible that even if the F.A.A. does not require simulator training, other international regulators may do so.“We’ve been working diligently and in close cooperation with the F.A.A. on the software update,” Boeing said in its statement. “We are taking a comprehensive and careful approach to design, develop and test the software that will ultimately lead to certification.”EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — Lisa Kerney once earned her living hosting “SportsCenter” on ESPN, making her a nightly fixture in the vast American conversation between sports fans and their favorite athletes, teams and leagues. Her latest endeavor, she believes, is just as all-American.Every Saturday, Kerney slips into the anchor’s chair of a very different kind of television program: a sports betting show from a makeshift studio at the Meadowlands Racetrack. Instead of reporting just scores and news, Kerney now also rattles off N.F.L. point spreads and money-line odds as easily as a CNBC host talks stock prices and P/E ratios.She will be on the air again this Sunday, serving up information on the New England Patriots and the Los Angeles Rams in the hours before Super Bowl LIII. The game will take its place in American gambling history because, for the first time, bettors will be allowed to wager on the N.F.L.’s championship game legally, not only in Nevada but also in seven other states.By next year, gambling may be legal in more than a dozen more states, a shift that is already moving betting on games into the mainstream of American culture and teaching fans to look at the sports contests they love as investment opportunities as well as entertainment.“Now fans are able to play the game within the game,” Kerney said. “It goes beyond the nuts and bolts of who’s going to win. It is a whole new way of experiencing sports.”Last May, when the Supreme Court struck down a federal law that prohibited expanded sports gambling, it created — almost overnight — a billion-dollar market that bookmakers, media companies, tech entrepreneurs, touts and quants have rushed in to dominate.On the high end, that has meant sports shows that incorporate into their coverage market-moving information like injury reports and their effect on bettors. But it also means digital subscription services that make a tsunami of sports data available, and app makers eager to help bettors slice it.On the retail front, the innovations have been more basic: how-to-bet sports camps, cable shows that explain the difference between a proposition and parlay bets, and Nevada-based tout services — which for decades have picked winners for a price — that have suddenly refashioned themselves into media companies.“If you have a way to make betting more fun, or to otherwise increase consumer investment in betting, the market needs you,” said Chris Grove, a managing director at Eilers & Krejcik Gaming, an independent research firm. “If you have a way to salve any of the pain points for consumers in the regulated sports betting — the learning curve, hassles with payments, ensuring that you’re getting the price — then the market absolutely needs you.”As sports betting and bills are being shepherded through legislatures in at least 15 other states, the early returns show there is plenty of opportunity in what is a familiar but nascent industry. In New Jersey, for example, sportsbooks at Meadowlands Racetrack and their online counterparts have handled more than $1.2 billion in wagers since the market was born in mid-June, despite having only three brick-and-mortar outlets in the early going and no availability for online wagering until August. If retail and online wagering were to become accessible in all 50 states, Eilers & Krejcik predicted, sports betting in America could become a $16 billion industry.Figures from regulators in Mississippi and Rhode Island also show an upward trend. New Jersey is on pace to surpass Nevada in sports wagering. And though market oversaturation could eventually slow or halt the industry’s rapid growth, that is not a pressing concern.Legalized sports betting has already changed the way some fans consume sports. This month, NBC Sports Washington Plus, a regional sports network, offered an alternate telecast of several Washington Wizards games, starting with one against the Milwaukee Bucks, that looked like a cross between CNBC and ESPNews. Unlike most N.B.A. telecasts, the productions included statistics, odds and point spreads alongside the live action. It was a preview of what game telecasts may look like in a mature sports betting landscape.In two years, the Las Vegas-based Vegas Stats & Information Network (VSiN) has grown from a start-up streaming service with 1.4 million visitors to 12.6 million visitors a month — across video and audio streams like Sirius XM and fuboTV — seeking “actionable information” delivered by a roster of Las Vegas bookmakers and professional gamblers, including the longtime CBS broadcaster Brent Musburger.The Super Bowl, though, has been an integral part of America’s sporting fabric and a highlight of the betting year since long before the Supreme Court’s ruling last year made it legal in more jurisdictions.Last year, for example, $159 million was bet on the Super Bowl legally in Nevada, a respectable take for any business but one that paled in comparison to the estimates of the amount — as high as $4.6 billion — wagered on the game illegally. This year, with eight states now offering legal sports betting, projections for wagering on Sunday’s Super Bowl LIII have risen to more than $325 million, according to PlayUSA, which monitors the legal sports market. That haul is expected to soar as more states bring betting on games out of the realm of corner-bar bookies and offshore operators and onto their tax rolls.At the same time, the popularity of fantasy sports and the growing amounts of easily accessible data and analytics have not merely hastened the acceptance of sports betting: They have transformed the nature of fandom.“This is a generational thing, and what we’ve seen is a perfect storm develop over the last 20 years, with a boom in fantasy sports, the interest in ‘moneyball’ and the democracy of information through technology,” said Chad Millman, the chief content officer at The Action Network, a subscriber-based media company. “It’s meant that fans have become more opportunistic about their fandom. They think about winning individually, not about rooting for a team.”The Action Network runs a website and an app offering data, research and betting tools, as well as general coverage of sports and the nuances of cashing in on them. It also produces a betting show — called “I’ll Take That Bet” — for ESPN+, the sports broadcaster’s new streaming platform.Millman would not say how many subscribers the Action Network has in its first year, but since April, he said, users of the company’s app have logged 13 million bets, and the circulation of the Action Network’s email newsletter has grown nearly tenfold, to 240,000.“In general, sports fans want to be smarter than their friends,” Millman said. “As sports betting becomes more and more part of the conversation, people are trying to figure out what the language of it is.”For now at least, there is a difference between a general sports audience and sports betting audience, a gap Kerney, the former “SportsCenter” anchor, is trying to navigate on her show, created by the bookmaker FanDuel, from the Meadowlands.“Most sports bettors will notice every second on or off the clock, every yard, every pitch, every shot, because any of these can ultimately affect their bets,” said Kevin Grigsby, the show’s executive producer. “So your story, programming, messaging needs narrative that caters to both cohorts.”Kerney and Grigsby’s bosses at FanDuel are making a big bet that they can close that gap quickly. FanDuel is owned by the European bookmakers Paddy Power, as is TVG, the cable network that is home to Kerney’s show. TVG reaches 40 million homes and gives horseplayers wall-to-wall coverage of races that they can bet on through a proprietary website or app. As sports betting expands, TVG is poised to also expand programming like Kerney’s show. FanDuel already takes bets on all sports.With a more than half-century head start on legalized betting, European bookmakers handled more than $13 billion in wagers in 2018, according to Eilers & Krejcik. That is a number Paddy Power and other bookmakers expect the United States market to surpass in as few as five to seven years.“The biggest advantage we have right now is that the leagues, the networks, or me and you don’t have to pretend anymore that there are not hundreds of millions of dollars bet every day on the games we follow,” Kerney said. “We are here to educate and inform but also to become an authority in this space. If we do our jobs, we believe people who follow us will make money.”Last month, the YouTube star Shane Dawson uploaded his new project: a 104-minute documentary, “Conspiracy Theories With Shane Dawson.”In the video, set to a spooky instrumental soundtrack, Mr. Dawson unspooled a series of far-fetched hypotheses. Among them: that iPhones secretly record their owners’ every utterance; that popular children’s TV shows contain subliminal messages urging children to commit suicide; that the recent string of deadly wildfires in California was set on purpose, either by homeowners looking to collect insurance money or by the military using a type of high-powered laser called a “directed energy weapon.”None of this was fact-based, of course, and some of the theories seemed more like jokey urban legends than serious accusations. Still, his fans ate it up. The video has gotten more than 30 million views, a hit even by Mr. Dawson’s standards. A follow-up has drawn more than 20 million views and started a public feud with Chuck E. Cheese’s, the restaurant chain, which was forced to deny claims that it recycles customers’ uneaten pizza slices into new pizzas.Mr. Dawson’s conspiracy series arrived at a particularly awkward moment for YouTube, which has been reckoning with the vast troves of misinformation and extreme content on its platform.In late January, the company announced that it was changing its recommendations algorithm to reduce the spread of “borderline content and content that could misinform users in harmful ways.” It cited, as examples, “videos promoting a phony miracle cure for a serious illness, claiming the earth is flat or making blatantly false claims about historic events like 9/11.”Mr. Dawson, whose real name is Shane Lee Yaw, has more than 20 million subscribers and a devoted teenage fan base. He has built his lucrative career by, among other talents, understanding what kinds of content plays well on YouTube.For years, that meant conspiracy theories — lots and lots of them, all delivered with the same wide-eyed credulity. In a 2016 video, he wondered aloud if the first Apollo moon landing was staged by NASA. (“It’s a theory,” he said, “but, I mean, all the evidence is not looking good.”) In 2017, he discussed the false theory that the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, were a hoax. (“I know it’s crazy,” he said, “but just look at some of these videos.”) And last year, he devoted a segment of a video to flat-earth theory, which he concluded “kind of makes sense.”In fairness, Mr. Dawson is a far cry from partisan cranks like Alex Jones, the Infowars founder, who was barred by YouTube and other social networks last year for hate speech. Most of Mr. Dawson’s videos have nothing to do with conspiracies, and many are harmless entertainment.But the popularity of Mr. Dawson’s conspiracy theories illuminates the challenge YouTube faces in cleaning up misinformation. On Facebook, Twitter and other social platforms, the biggest influencers largely got famous somewhere else (politics, TV, sports) and have other vectors of accountability. But YouTube’s stars are primarily homegrown, and many feel — not entirely unreasonably — that after years of encouraging them to build their audiences with viral stunts and baseless rumor-mongering, the platform is now changing the rules on them.Innocent or not, Mr. Dawson’s videos contain precisely the type of viral misinformation that YouTube now says it wants to limit. And its effort raises an uncomfortable question: What if stemming the tide of misinformation on YouTube means punishing some of the platform’s biggest stars?A representative for Mr. Dawson did not respond to a request for comment. A YouTube spokeswoman, Andrea Faville, said: “We recently announced that we’ve started reducing recommendations of borderline content or videos that could misinform users in harmful ways. This is a gradual change and will get more and more accurate over time.”Part of the problem for platforms like YouTube and Facebook — which has also pledged to clean up misinformation that could lead to real-world harm — is that the definition of “harmful” misinformation is circular. There is no inherent reason that a video questioning the official 9/11 narrative is more dangerous than a video asserting the existence of U.F.O.s or Bigfoot. A conspiracy theory is harmful if it results in harm — at which point it’s often too late for platforms to act.Take, for example, Mr. Jones’s assertion that the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in 2012 was a hoax perpetrated by gun control advocates. That theory, first dismissed as outrageous and loony, took on new gravity after Mr. Jones’s supporters began harassing the grieving parents of victims.Or take Pizzagate, a right-wing conspiracy theory that alleged that Hillary Clinton and other Democrats were secretly running a child-sex ring. The theory, which was spread in a variety of videos on YouTube and other platforms, might have remained an internet oddity. But it became a menace when a believer showed up at a pizza restaurant in Washington, D.C., with an assault rifle, vowing to save the children he believed were locked in the basement.To its credit, YouTube has taken some minor steps to curb misinformation. Last year, it began appending Wikipedia blurbs to videos espousing certain conspiracy theories, and changed the way it handles search results for breaking news stories so that reliable sources are given priority over opportunistic partisans. And last summer, it was among the many social networks to bar Mr. Jones and Infowars.In a multipart Twitter thread this month, Guillaume Chaslot, a former YouTube software engineer, called the company’s decision to change its recommendation algorithm a “historic victory.”Mr. Chaslot noted that this algorithm — which was once trained to maximize the amount of time users spend on the site — often targeted vulnerable users by steering them toward other conspiracy theory videos it predicts they will watch.The change “will save thousands from falling into such rabbit holes,” he wrote.In an interview last week, Mr. Chaslot was more circumspect, saying YouTube’s move may have amounted to a “P.R. stunt.” Because the change will affect only which videos YouTube recommends — conspiracy theories will still show up in search results, and they will still be freely available to people who subscribe to the channels of popular conspiracy theorists — he called it a positive but insufficient step.“It will address only a tiny fraction of conspiracy theories,” he said.Last year, Mr. Chaslot built a website, AlgoTransparency.org, to give outsiders a glimpse of YouTube’s recommendation algorithms at work. The site draws from a list of more than 1,000 popular YouTube channels, and calculates which videos are most often recommended to people who watch those channels’ videos.On many days, conspiracy theories and viral hoaxes top the list. One recent day, the most frequently recommended video was “This Man Saw Something at Area 51 That Left Him Totally Speechless!,” which was recommended to viewers of 138 channels. The second most recommended video, which linked a series of recent natural disasters to apocalyptic prophecies from the Book of Revelation, was recommended to viewers of 126 of those top channels.In our conversation, Mr. Chaslot suggested one possible solution to YouTube’s misinformation epidemic: new regulation.Lawmakers, he said, could amend Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act — the law that prevents platforms like YouTube, Facebook and Twitter from being held legally liable for content posted by their users. The law now shields internet platforms from liability for all user-generated content they host, as well as the algorithmic recommendations they make. A revised law could cover only the content and leave platforms on the hook for their recommendations.“Right now, they just don’t have incentive to do the right thing,” Mr. Chaslot said. “But if you pass legislation that says that after recommending something 1,000 times, the platform is liable for this content, I guarantee the problem will be solved very fast.”But even new laws governing algorithmic recommendations wouldn’t reverse the influence of YouTube celebrities like Mr. Dawson. After all, many of his millions of views come from his fans, who subscribe to his channel and seek out his videos proactively.YouTube’s first challenge will be defining which of these videos constitute “harmful” misinformation, and which are innocent entertainment meant for an audience that is largely in on the joke.But there is a thornier problem here. Many young people have absorbed a YouTube-centric worldview, including rejecting mainstream information sources in favor of platform-native creators bearing “secret histories” and faux-authoritative explanations.When those creators propagate hoaxes and conspiracy theories as part of a financially motivated growth strategy, it seeps in with some percentage of their audience. And sometimes — in ways no algorithm could predict — it leads viewers to a much darker place.It’s possible that YouTube can still beat back the flood of conspiracy theories coursing through its servers. But doing it will require acknowledging how deep these problems run and realizing that any successful effort may look less like a simple algorithm tweak, and more like deprogramming a generation.Alan B. Krueger, who advised two presidents and helped lead economics toward a more scientific approach to research and policymaking, was found dead on Saturday at his home in Princeton, N.J. He was 58.The cause was suicide, according to a statement by his family released by Princeton University, where Mr. Krueger taught for more than three decades. The Princeton police said they were called to the home on Saturday morning and found Mr. Krueger unresponsive.Mr. Krueger was an assistant secretary of the Treasury from 2009 to 2010, as President Barack Obama’s administration tried to lead the United States out of its worst recession since the Great Depression. Mr. Obama later named him chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, a post he held from 2011 to 2013. He was the Labor Department’s chief economist under President Bill Clinton from 1994 to 1995.A labor economist by training, Mr. Krueger was part of a new wave of economists who pushed the field toward a more empirical mind-set, with an emphasis on data rather than theory. He applied that approach broadly: to education, health care, labor markets and terrorism, and even to more lighthearted subjects like the rising price of concert tickets. His latest book, due out in June, is on the economics of the music industry.“He is certainly among the most — if not the most — significant labor economists and all-around empirical economists of the last three decades,” said Lawrence Katz, a Harvard economist and frequent collaborator. Mr. Krueger, he said, was one of a handful of researchers who “really changed the shape of economics and turned it into a more serious science.”Mr. Krueger was perhaps best known for his work in the early 1990s on the effects of the minimum wage, in collaboration with Mr. Katz and another economist, David Card. Standard economic thinking at the time held that raising the minimum wage would reduce employment for low-wage workers; Mr. Katz said that he and Mr. Krueger had expected to find the same. Instead, they discovered no impact on employment — a finding that has proved influential though it remains in dispute.“Even when people were saying you’re crazy as an economist, he was really willing to let the data lead where it went,” Mr. Katz said.Mr. Krueger was a young, newly tenured professor in 1994 when he was tapped by the secretary of labor, Robert B. Reich, to serve as chief economist for the department, succeeding Mr. Katz. After two years in the job, Mr. Krueger returned to Princeton and vowed never to return to government, according to a 2014 profile in a Princeton alumni magazine.But in late 2008, Mr. Krueger got a call from Timothy F. Geithner, Mr. Obama’s pick for Treasury secretary. As Mr. Krueger recalled, Mr. Geithner said: “The economy’s in a free fall. Why don’t you come to Treasury and work on big, consequential things?”“That was his line,” Mr. Krueger said. “And I couldn’t say no.”Mr. Krueger spent two years at Treasury as chief economist and assistant secretary for economic policy. Then, after a brief return to Princeton, he went back to Washington as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, where he pushed the administration to focus on issues of inequality and economic opportunity.At the White House, he developed and popularized the “Great Gatsby curve,” the notion that countries with greater inequality had lower economic mobility from generation to generation.In a statement on Monday, Mr. Obama praised Mr. Krueger as “someone who was deeper than numbers on a screen or charts on a page.”“He had a perpetual smile and a gentle spirit — even when he was correcting you,” Mr. Obama said.Alan Bennett Krueger was born on Sept. 17, 1960, and grew up in Livingston, N.J., less than 50 miles from the university where he would make his professional home. His father, Norman, was an accountant; his mother, Rhoda, taught first grade.Mr. Krueger attended Cornell University intending to become a lawyer. But while analyzing data for an undergraduate research paper, he found that he enjoyed empirical work. After graduating from Cornell in 1983, he pursued a degree in economics at Harvard University, where he earned a Ph.D. in 1987.Mr. Krueger arrived at Princeton in 1987 as an empirical revolution was dawning in the economics profession. He quickly made his own contribution, helping to found a survey research center there at a time when relatively few economists were conducting their own surveys. He pioneered the use of so-called natural experiments to study the effects of government policies.“It was the ability to be both interesting and credible — that was his great gift,” said Lawrence H. Summers, who taught Mr. Krueger at Harvard and later worked with him in the Obama administration. “That’s part of why there’ve been generations of people doing natural experiments.”Mr. Krueger’s more recent work focused on the structural reasons particular groups have struggled in the modern economy. He studied the effects of long-term unemployment in the wake of the recession, and how the opioid epidemic has pushed some workers, particularly men, out of the labor force.He also helped bring attention to companies’ use of noncompete agreements with employees as a means of holding down wages, and to occupational licensing rules as an obstacle to workers seeking better-paying careers. He proposed new rules to protect workers in the so-called gig economy, and just last week delivered a lecture at Stanford University on proposals for a universal basic income.“Economics is a social science, and Alan was someone who was really interested in the social part of it as well as the science part of it,” said Betsey Stevenson, a University of Michigan economist. “He wanted to understand how people were doing, how people were feeling.”Jason Furman, a Harvard economist who worked with Mr. Krueger on the Obama economic team and succeeded him as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, said Mr. Krueger had been the rare economist who was outstanding at both research and public policy. He sometimes combined the two, to persuasive effect.In the midst of the Great Recession, Mr. Obama was weighing whether to propose a tax credit for companies that hired new workers, though he was skeptical of the idea, Mr. Furman said, because several businesses had told him that it would not sway their hiring decisions.Mr. Krueger, instead of doing a survey of research on such tax credits, used Princeton’s survey group to poll small businesses on questions relating to job creation. He then used the results to argue that the credit would subsidize job creation in a cost-effective way — even if many businesses ignored it.“I don’t think Alan knew the answer before he did the survey,” Mr. Furman said. “He found out the answer from the survey. He didn’t content himself with what was out there in the literature already.”Mr. Obama wound up embracing the proposal but could not get it through Congress.Mr. Krueger served in Democratic administrations, and his research tended to support liberal causes. But Ms. Stevenson noted that his work on occupational licensing had been influential among conservatives as well. And he was willing to reach conclusions that did not align with his policy preferences; in one such instance, his research found that poverty did not cause terrorism.His survivors include his wife, Lisa Simon Krueger, and his children, Ben and Sydney. A complete list of survivors was not immediately available.Mr. Krueger was a contributor to the Economic Scene column and the Economix blog in The New York Times.Colleagues at Princeton recalled Mr. Krueger as having a nearly boundless curiosity. Mr. Card, a frequent collaborator early in their careers, said Mr. Krueger used to pore through code books of survey questions looking for potential research questions.“He had headlights that went a lot further in the dark than anybody else,” Mr. Card said.Donald J. Trump’s highly personal management style as a businessman — impetuous, impolitic, sometimes immature — worked. At the very least, it wasn’t publicly discredited very often.Mr. Trump ran his own private company. It was small and largely hidden from the prying eyes of shareholders and government regulators. He was surrounded by longtime loyalists and family members. His main public exposure unfolded in staged settings, on softball talk shows or his own reality-TV show.Now President Trump is running a much larger enterprise. Two years into the Trump administration, it’s increasingly apparent that while the management traits he developed in the private sector may have propelled him into the White House, they’re not serving him well now that he’s there.As Doris Kearns Goodwin, the presidential historian and author of the recent book “Leadership: In Turbulent Times,” told me this week, Mr. Trump manifestly lacks a long list of traits associated with effective leadership: “humility, acknowledging errors, shouldering blame and learning from mistakes, empathy, resilience, collaboration, connecting with people and controlling unproductive emotions.”The last of these was on display this week, when Mr. Trump stormed out of a negotiating session with Democratic leaders and denounced the meeting in a tweet as “a total waste of time.”The consequences are also becoming apparent: With the government shut down over Mr. Trump’s demand for funding a border wall, the loss of a Republican majority in the House of Representatives and scant legislative achievements beyond the 2017 tax cut, his presidency is emerging as a case study in how not to govern.“With a modicum of management skill he could have gotten his wall, and he would probably be on the path to re-election,” said Jeffrey Pfeffer, professor of organizational behavior at the Stanford Graduate School of Business. “But he has very few accomplishments to his credit.”That’s not to say Mr. Trump hasn’t displayed some effective management techniques, albeit ones that are rarely discussed in America’s business schools.As Mr. Pfeffer told me this week, Mr. Trump exhibits several qualities that are prevalent among many leaders, including narcissism and dishonesty.“We claim we want nice people, but we don’t,” Mr. Pfeffer said. “Studies show that people want to associate with people who win.”“I’ve always won, and I’m going to continue to win,” Mr. Trump reportedly said in 2016.And Mr. Pfeffer noted that the “reality distortion field” that Mr. Trump deploys — ignoring the truth and creating an alternate set of facts — was once associated with the Apple founder Steve Jobs and remains prevalent in Silicon Valley and among entrepreneurial start-ups.Paul Glatzhofer, director of talent solutions at the consulting firm PSI International, agreed that Mr. Trump displayed some positive qualities of effective leadership, such as decisiveness, setting ambitious goals and self-confidence. “You may not like the idea of a wall, but it’s an ambitious goal,” Mr. Glatzhofer said.Nonetheless, he cautioned that the president’s other, negative traits could far outweigh any positives. “When we assess senior leadership, it doesn’t matter how many strengths they have if they also have these flaws that can derail their careers,” he said.Mr. Trump also gets credit for being himself, especially from passionate members of his base. “A quality he seems to have is that he doesn’t care what other people think,” Mr. Pfeffer said. “Not many of us are like that. But there’s a certain power in violating conventional norms.”These qualities helped Mr. Trump win in 2016, but they haven’t translated into effective governance, at least not yet. “People often equate the success of an individual with the success of an organization, but they’re not highly correlated,” Mr. Pfeffer said.Mr. Trump was able to assemble a relatively stable and loyal team of people who worked for him for years when he ran his private business. His failure to do so at the White House — save for a couple of survivors including Kellyanne Conway and family members like Jared Kushner — may be his most perplexing and conspicuous management failure.In the first year of Mr. Trump’s presidency, one-third of his top White House appointees left — unprecedented for the country’s chief executive. For the top dozen appointees, the rate was 50 percent. This past year with still more churn, the total turnover rate hit 83 percent, according to the Brookings Institution, which is tracking personnel moves at the White House. No other president has come close in his first two years.The only survivors among the top 12 White House appointees are Bill McGinley, a low-profile adviser and the cabinet secretary, and Kevin Hassett, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers.“He’s an extreme case,” Mr. Pfeffer said. “He’s never really had to moderate his behavior or compromise or answer to a real boss. In the real world, you can’t just fire everybody.”Kathryn Dunn Tenpas, senior research fellow at Brookings and author of the staff turnover study, said, “The turmoil inhibits his ability to complete his campaign promises.”She added: “It creates an environment of anxiety and chaos. The stress and long hours are bad enough under normal circumstances.”And the unceremonious way in which Mr. Trump has pushed people out is likely to deter job candidates. Ms. Tenpas cited the failure to find a permanent successor to Mr. Kelly as chief of staff, a position “that in any other administration people would be jumping up and down for.”There are three things Marc Martel says he won’t do to impersonate Freddie Mercury. He won’t wear Mercury’s trademark yellow jacket. He won’t go onstage wielding Mercury’s favored half microphone stand. And he won’t grow a full mustache.Here’s the one thing Martel needs to do: open his mouth. Through genetics and musical aptitude, the 42-year-old singer is a vocal doppelgänger for the Queen frontman. That’s a gift that has led Martel, formerly the leader of a Christian band in Canada, to a lucrative second career in recent years — and a prominent but invisible role in “Bohemian Rhapsody,” the hit biopic nominated for five Academy Awards at the Oscars on Sunday. It’s not the life Martel planned, but it’s landed him on “American Idol” and in front of crowds of thousands worldwide. “I keep realizing how weird a situation I’m in,” Martel said in a phone interview. “I’m trying to keep a good head about it.”Rami Malek embodies Mercury onscreen, but as he told The New York Times last year, “No one wants to hear me sing.” During the performance sequences in “Bohemian Rhapsody,” the movie sometimes employs Mercury’s actual vocals from the Queen archives, but that wasn’t always practical — some scenes demanded a stunt vocal-cord performer.[Relive one of Freddie Mercury’s great moments: when Queen took “Bohemian Rhapsody” to Live Aid.]The film’s creators have conceded that the sung vocals in the movie are largely by Mercury and Martel, although they haven’t broken down the specifics of who contributed what; doing so might distract from Malek’s performance. Martel, who received a fleeting “additional vocals” billing, acknowledged that he worked on the movie, but citing his nondisclosure agreement, would not go into detail. That leaves him with a ghostly status much like that of Marni Nixon, who provided the singing voices both of Maria in the movie of “West Side Story” (for Natalie Wood) and Eliza in the movie of “My Fair Lady” (for Audrey Hepburn), without credit.Even though Martel doesn’t get the awards-show glamour that Malek is enjoying, he’s proud of his contributions to “Bohemian Rhapsody.” The first time he saw it wasn’t at a red-carpet event: He caught it in Cool Springs, Tenn., with his wife and manager, wearing “our comfy clothes.” He had wanted to enjoy the movie as a spectator, but “I couldn’t help waiting for the next scene where I was going to hear my own voice,” he said. So the Martels bought out a movie theater showing, invited 80 of their closest friends and treated it like a party.Martel grew up in Montreal listening to pop (George Michael was a favorite) and Christian music (his parents worked at a church as pastor and choir director). All he knew of Queen was the scene in the 1992 comedy “Wayne’s World” where the characters rock out to “Bohemian Rhapsody” in an AMC Pacer.He started a Christian rock band called Downhere with some friends in college; in 2001, they signed a record deal and moved to Nashville. He believes that the first person to tell him he sounded like Freddie Mercury was the Downhere bassist Glenn Lavender. It was a compliment, given how Mercury was one of the great singers in rock history, possessing a pellucid tone, a three-octave range and an operatic quality that could make even paeans to bicycle riding sound emotional. But Martel didn’t initially take it as praise.“That’s cool — I sound unoriginal,” he recalled thinking. But he checked out Queen’s greatest hits, hoping to learn something from Mercury (who died in 1991 of AIDS-related pneumonia): “I never thought it would amount to anything more than a fun karaoke trick.”In 2011, however, with Downhere having run its course after seven studio albums, Martel heard that the Queen drummer Roger Taylor was putting together an authorized tribute band called the Queen Extravaganza and won a spot on vocals with an audition video of “Somebody to Love” that went viral.Martel sounds close enough to Mercury that he can itemize the subtle differences: “I’m not British, so I don’t usually sing with an accent. I don’t have extra teeth like he did, so my Ss come out normally — his were very piercing,” he said. “But even if I don’t try to sing like Freddie Mercury, people still hear him in my voice, no matter what I do. I have this weird unique thing where I can sound like him, so why wouldn’t I?”Martel now steadily tours with his own Ultimate Queen Celebration and also does shows with the Black Jacket Symphony and Symphonic Queen. He said the Queen catalog has made him a better singer and inspired him to take better care of his voice — while he felt comfortable backing off a high note in one of his own songs when necessary, he doesn’t like to disappoint Queen fans who expect to hear a song the way they know it from the radio.Last year he released an album of Queen covers, “Thunderbolt & Lightning,” and his YouTube covers of Queen classics have become popular enough that he finds himself recognized in public — especially outside the United States, which was never the band’s biggest market. Martel, who has concerts booked in 14 countries this year, from Ukraine to New Zealand, notes that American crowds generally don’t know the arm movements and clapping that traditionally accompany “Radio Ga Ga,” while international audiences will do it unprompted.Although Queen has been a part of his life for nearly a decade, Martel is still figuring out “what being a tribute artist means,” he said. “For some reason, there’s a stigma around it.” A little defensively, he cited Frank Sinatra, Elvis Presley and classical musicians as interpreters of other people’s work. Martel records an annual Christmas EP and still writes songs, but he doesn’t currently have an outlet for them; he dreams of a day when he can throw just one original into a set of Queen covers.He recalled a recent conversation with his manager, who told him, “I’d like you to consider your songwriting the way I view my golf game — I love playing golf, but it’s not what’s paying the bills right now.” That was hard for Martel to hear, but he ultimately accepted its wisdom.“The next five years, there’s going to be a lot of Queen,” he said, and chuckled. “But at the same time, I’m going to work on my golf game.”The cover of Gossamer’s debut issue features a mouthwatering image of orange juice being poured into a glass dotted with beads of condensation. Inside there’s an article about books as home décor status items, a Q. and A. with the writer and director Janicza Bravo, and a fashion spread featuring the clothing lines of Rosetta Getty and Gabriela Hearst. The magazine’s tag line and de facto motto, “High Quality,” is opaque enough to not raise any red flags to narcs, but also serves as a winking reference to its connective thread and defining subject matter.Marijuana.In Broccoli’s fourth and most recent issue, between advertisements for the cannabis body care brand Apothecanna and the weed delivery service Eaze, there’s a profile of the women who founded an “ungendered skatewear” brand and an advice column from Emily Post concerning how to “tactfully talk about weed.”And at Miss Grass you’ll find a recipe for cucumber, tomato and CBD salad; a three-step how-to on rolling the perfect joint; and a guide to Los Angeles’s best cannabis-friendly attractions. Miss Grass’s slogan? “Welcome to the high road.”“We wanted to create something that reflected how we engage with cannabis on a daily or weekly or monthly basis in our personal lives,” said Verena von Pfetten, who, along with David Weiner, started Gossamer magazine last year. “Everyone uses it for a different reason: to relax, to sleep, to have fun, to go out to dinner or on a hike. It’s about the experience you do after. It was important for us to create a lifestyle publication that sat between cannabis and all the other interests of the consumer.”Anja Charbonneau, the founder and creative director of Broccoli, and formerly of the hipster lifestyle bible Kinfolk, felt similarly. “There’s this huge swath of people who use marijuana in a considered way, it’s not their life’s focus,” she said. “Because it can touch so many different parts of life, like food, creativity, politics and science, it’s important to situate it in that bigger picture of lifestyle.”Set against a backdrop in which marijuana legalization slowly works its way across the United States, cannabis culture is being reframed thanks, in part, to independently run magazines with modest press runs but impressive coffee-table presence.They are helping the archetype of marijuana smokers as shaggy-haired, bloodshot-eyed burnouts evolve into one of cultured, luxury-designer-wearing members of the creative class. For a certain upper-middle-class demographic, overwhelmingly white, pot has all but been transformed from illicit drug to wellness item or indulgence akin to a fine wine or cigar. A new generation of users are more likely to read Goop than High Times, the stoner bible, and publishers see an exciting opportunity in a marketplace that could reach $23.4 billion in consumer spending and employ a half-million Americans by 2023, according to the cannabis data firm BDS Analytics.Print media is going up in smoke. Could weed, of all things, be its savior?A Budding Industry“We’ve both worked at larger companies,” said Mr. Weiner of Gossamer, referring to himself and Ms. von Pfetten. “But working on something that we could build from the ground up in a growth industry and that speaks to our peers and which people want to spend time with — to me, what else would I be looking for in life, at least at this point?” (He is 33.)Ms. von Pfetten, 35, said: “The cannabis space is obviously popular and buzzy, but it’s nowhere near at capacity. We’re still very much at the nascent stages.”For Kate Miller, the C.E.O. and a founder of Miss Grass, “it’s about building the brand.” Miss Grass launched last year. “Hopefully we’ll have our own product line, do more events, partner with more cannabis and nonendemic brands,” Ms. Miller said. “The big question is how to destigmatize and normalize this industry.”While the market is still small, other titles are seeking to capitalize on its future growth. There’s Dope Girls, a scrappy zine out of Atlanta, and Kitchen Toke, a foodie pot magazine out of Chicago. Online, there’s Estrohaze, which focuses on minority women in the marijuana industry.“Living in Portland and seeing all this creativity that went along with legal weed was really exciting,” said Ms. Charbonneau, who is in Oregon. “While there was a lot of evolution going on, the media side felt pretty stagnant, very industry focused, male dominated. There was nothing for people like me who are casual but dedicated about their cannabis use.”“People have responded to it overwhelmingly,” she said. “A lot of work has been done in just this year in terms of normalization, so now it’s like, how do we continue that narrative?”Au Revoir, Stoner Bro“This is a sign that the stigma around cannabis is starting to disappear,” said Morgan Fox, a spokesman for the National Cannabis Industry Association. “As that stigma has started to erode, we’re starting to see that cannabis consumers come from a wide variety of walks of life.”Mr. Fox, who started working in the field a decade ago, remembers seeing issues of High Times on magazine stands wrapped in plastic and placed near pornographic titles. Today, cannabis magazines are sold at trendy bookstores likes McNally Jackson and the Strand in New York, or offered in-room at hip boutique hotels like the Ace in Los Angeles and Palm Springs.Ms. Miller started her cannabis career while working at a medical marijuana shop in downtown Los Angeles during college. “At the time everything we were selling leaned in to that stoner bro stigma,” she said. “It had giant weed leaves on it and Rastafarian signs.”When it came to her personal use, Ms. Miller saw a stark divide between reality and media representation. “The way that my girlfriends and I were speaking about, consuming and integrating pot into our lives felt so different than how it was portrayed, not only in pop culture, but within cannabis culture,” she said. She had the foresight to buy the web address for Miss Grass at that time, in 2008, not yet knowing how she would put it to use.“There was a demographic that everyone was speaking to that was old and tired, it was these stereotypes and clichés,” Mr. Weiner said. “We felt like a lot of brands and media companies weren’t taking into account the realities of sophisticated consumers and readers and how they act and what they think about or what they desire in the world.”The Politics of Pot PagesStill there are challenges. Marijuana is recreationally legal in only nine states, and medically legal in 31. Because of this legal limbo, there are byzantine rules and regulations regarding how weed can be marketed, including a ban on online advertising. Many cannabis companies, however, are making a lot of money and want to use some for promotion, and perceive that an aspirational lifestyle magazine is the ideal product in which to promote their products (are they high?).“A lot of brands really want to be a part of this evolution of the culture,” Ms. Charbonneau said. “They want to support others who are doing interesting work and lifting up interesting people in the community.”With their playful aesthetics and generally lighthearted stories, these publications may appear blissfully oblivious to certain political realities of the drug. But staffers were careful to indicate to “check their privilege,” to use the lingo of the day.“We always say if you’re not thinking of the social justice aspect of this and you work in cannabis, you’re doing it very very wrong,” Mr. Weiner said. “We wanted to be upfront and thoughtful about the social justice component about cannabis as well, when you think of how many people are allowed to participate and how many people are still in jail for minor cannabis-related offenses.”Ms. Charbonneau said she plans on donating a portion of profits from sales of Broccoli’s fourth issue to the Brooklyn Community Bail Fund, which helps people who are jailed for minor offenses and are unable to pay for bail.“A lot of what we do is about educating consumers on how to use the product, but also educating them on how we got here,” Ms. Miller said. Much of the content of these magazines may be trendy and apolitical, but Ms. Miller noted, as well, the importance of acknowledging the harsher history of pot — namely the “victims of the war on drugs,” she said, most of whom have been minorities.The new magazines, their editors say, also reflect the groups forged by pot smokers in real life.“David talked about going to weddings as the plus-one and you go outside and see people smoking weed and you’ve got a community for the night,” Ms. von Pfetten said. “When we thought about content, it’s like, how do we put people forward?” She mentioned “Conversations,” a feature of monologues with attractive product shots. “These are the types of people you meet and you don’t talk about weed the whole time,” she said. “It comes up peripherally and it’s something you connect on and share your favorite products or experiences, but the person is so much more than that.”Ms. von Pfetten added that she wants Gossamer to be a “global brand” that people who are into cannabis can relate to. “What that looks like? Who knows,” she said. “The industry is literally changing on a month-to-month basis.”BAGHDAD — From financing the expansion of the vast courtyards that lead into the Shiite shrines of the holy city of Najaf, to ensuring that a Tehran-friendly candidate gets the job of interior minister, Iran’s role in Iraq keeps growing.President Hassan Rouhani of Iran arrived in Baghdad on Monday for a visit to a place that his country has shaped in ways big and small over the past several years. Iran was the real winner of last year’s parliamentary elections in Iraq: The parties linked to the paramilitary Popular Mobilization Forces, most of them with ties to Tehran, emerged as the kingmakers.“Iran is a small body with a big brain, and the United States is a big body with a small brain,” said Mahmoud al-Mashhadani, a Sunni Muslim who was a former speaker of the Iraqi Parliament, trying to explain how Iran seemed to have gained the upper hand in Iraq.Adnan al-Zurfi, a Shiite member of the Iraqi Parliament who has lived in the United States, put it succinctly.“There is no American presence in Iraq, only a military presence,” he said. By contrast, Iran has insinuated itself into Iraqi political life and the military, and now seeks to expand economically and culturally, he said.Cementing its dominance in Iraq is a piece with Iran’s regional ambitions, which aim to secure a route to the Mediterranean through friendly countries, in part so it can ship arms and support to Hezbollah in Lebanon, continue assisting President Bashar Assad’s military in Syria and threaten Israel.Now that Iran has expanded the Shiite armed groups into a political force, much as they have done with Hezbollah in Lebanon, Tehran’s new priority is to increase economic ties with Iraq to offset American sanctions.Previewing Mr. Rouhani’s visit, the Iranian ambassador to Iraq, Iraj Masjedi, said on Saturday that Iran “considers Iraq the first destination for Iranian goods” and wants to outstrip Turkey and China as one of Iraq’s top trade partners.He said that there would be 40 trade fairs in Iraq in the coming year and that Mr. Rouhani would discuss plans to extend a railroad from Kermanshah, in Iran, to the Iraqi city of Basra. Iraq and Iran are also set to agree on new visa rules to make it easier for Iranian businessmen to travel to Iraq, the ambassador said.Although Iran already has extensive economic ties in Iraq — it provides natural gas, processed petroleum products and about 20 percent of Iraq’s electricity, as well as some of its fiber optic cables — it wants to expand the relationship. Mr. Rouhani said at a recent news conference that his goal was to see trade with Iraq increase to $20 billion annually, from $12 billion.The push to bolster Iranian trade when the country is under American sanctions leaves Iraq caught in a vise between Washington, whose military and reconnaissance resources it still needs, and Tehran, which has also provided crucial military support. Iraq has a temporary exemption from the sanctions so that it can continue to buy some Iranian products including electric power and natural gas.Iran has also gained leverage over many factions in the Iraqi political system, making it hard for Iraqi politicians to turn away from Iran’s demands, said Joost Hiltermann, the head of the Middle East and North Africa division of the Brussels-based International Crisis Group.“The Iraqis know that Iran is their neighbor, they will always be neighbors,” Mr. Hiltermann said.Although it will be difficult and the United States will push back, the Iraqis will try to accommodate the Iranians’ demands, he said.“They need to keep good relations with Iran and they can’t afford to anger Iran because Iran has a huge spoiling capacity,” Mr. Hiltermann added, referring to Tehran’s ability to use its political and military power to undermine the fragile Iraqi government.Iran is overwhelmingly Shiite Persian, while Iraq is majority Shiite Arab, with a sizable Sunni Arab minority, along with Kurds, Turkmen, and Christians.Recently Iran has made a point of reaching out to Sunni Muslims, a tack it had not taken so actively in the past, in an effort to gain support and to invest itself in Iraq’s heterogenous population.Members of the Iraqi Parliament, including some who are Sunni Muslim, describe a steady stream of invitations to conferences in Tehran, meetings with visiting Iranian officials and attention to Iraq’s concerns.Iran also makes a point of sending senior officials to Iraq on a regular basis to discuss potential business ties. In the past three months, there have been visits by Iran’s foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif; its oil minister; and its energy minister.Iraqis have responded in kind. The president, Barham Salih, went to Tehran to discuss how to continue close economic links despite the American sanctions.Less than a week ago, the speaker of Iraq’s Parliament, Muhammad al-Halbousi, a Sunni, was in Tehran to discuss the two countries’ mutual interests. Iraq’s culture minister, Abdulameer al-Hamdani, was in the Iranian capital recently to discuss collaboration on archaeological projects.But that is little comfort to many Sunnis who fear that when fortunes turn, Iran favors the Shiites. Some Shiites who view themselves as Arab as much as Shiite are also concerned that Tehran is pushing to make Iraq more like Iran.In that line of thinking, although the Iranians have reached out, the effort seems intended more to ensure that Sunnis are also in Iran’s ambit than to be inclusive.Iran “is pulling Iraq away from its Arab homeland and identity,” said Ayatollah Sheikh Fadhil al-Badairi, one of the Iraqi Shiite marja, or religious leadership, in Najaf.And that undermines Iraq’s “special character,” he said, which is Arab and religiously diverse.That does not dim the importance of the role Iran played when the Islamic State overran northern Iraq. The Iranians moved quickly to help Iraq, creating and expanding the paramilitary forces made up of Shiite militias that came to be known as the Popular Mobilization Forces. Those efforts burnished Iran’s status in Iraq.Today, there are more than 20 different paramilitary groups, and although they all come under the umbrella of the Popular Mobilization Forces, they vary in the depth of their ties to Iran.More recently, Iran encouraged the creation of a Sunni version of those forces in Sunni-majority areas of Iraq that were overrun by the Islamic State.Initially, Iran helped provide weapons and training to many of the paramilitary forces, but it did not have the money to field a large new force inside Iraq long term. Now, those forces are funded by the Iraqi government and, technically, are under its control.But some of the paramilitary groups are viewed as all but directly following orders from Iran, making them a parallel armed force that the Iraqi government cannot entirely control. At least two of them, Kata’ib Hezbollah and Harakat Hezbollah al-Nujaba, are labeled foreign terrorist organizations by the State Department.Even in Najaf, the intellectual center of Iraqi Shiism and the home of the country’s most revered ayatollah, Ali al-Sistani, the Iranians have staked out ground. They raised the profile of the representative in Najaf of Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, enabling the representative to attract more of a following.Najaf is a center of Shiite studies where senior religious figures have traditionally viewed religion and government as separate realms. In Iranian Shiism, the senior religious leader makes political decisions.Iran now appears to be trying to extend its influence over the Iraqi Shiite religious leaders, according to Ayatollah al-Badairi of the religious leadership in Najaf.“They are attempting to strengthen the influence of the Iranian marjiya and weakening the others,” said Ayatollah al-Badairi, who, like some other Shiite figures, says he has been angered that Iran meddles in Iraqi politics but does not invest in Iraq.What Tehran has principally done is win contracts from Baghdad, meaning that Iranians are getting paid by Iraq rather than investing and creating jobs, said Mr. Zurfi, the Iraqi member of Parliament, who has a similar critique of the Americans.Now Iran is pushing for even more commerce, in large part to buffer itself from the American sanctions that President Trump announced he was reinstating when he pulled out of the Iran nuclear deal, several senior Iraqi politicians said.Since then, the value of Iran’s currency, the rial, has tumbled, hopes for foreign investment have been dashed and the market for Iranian oil drastically cut.“Iran wants Iraq to be a market for Iranian goods,” said Karim al-Nuri, a senior leader in the Badr Organization, one of the oldest of the Shiite paramilitary groups in Iraq. “It has no other way to reduce the impact of the sanctions.”SYDNEY, Australia — Four years ago, Jane Harper was a business reporter at The Herald Sun, a tabloid in Melbourne, Australia. Harper, who is now 38, liked to tell friends that she had “more self-improvement activities than a Victorian spinster,” busying herself with hobbies including sewing, ballroom dancing, tennis and piano lessons. But there was one project Harper didn’t talk about: She was writing a murder mystery inspired by “Gone Girl,” Agatha Christie and all the other thrillers she’d loved reading since childhood.“Is there anything more boring than someone trying to tell you about the novel they’re working on?” Harper asked over lunch recently here in Sydney. She was explaining why she didn’t let on about her manuscript, which she worked on for an hour before and after work each day. A journalist eking out a novel is cliché, but what happened next was so shocking, you’d have to call it a twist.In April 2015, Harper entered pages she’d written over the past six months into the Victorian Premier’s Literary Award for an Unpublished Manuscript. She won, picked up six-figure publishing deals in Australia, the United States and Britain, and went on to sell more than a million copies worldwide of her debut novel, “The Dry.”Two subsequent crime novels — “Force of Nature” and “The Lost Man,” which is about to be released in the United States by Flatiron Books — have sold an additional 600,000 copies. There’s also a movie version of “The Dry” in production, starring Eric Bana and produced by Bruna Papandrea of “Big Little Lies” fame. And a baby, who arrived in between international best sellers. Harper is unfailingly modest, but she did admit that “life has changed so much in the last few years.”“It was stunning,” offered a former colleague, Victoria MacDonald, of her friend winning a major literary award for a manuscript she knew nothing about, and then becoming Australia’s most widely read crime writer. “She didn’t have a smartphone for a really long time” — 2014, Harper later confirmed — “and I remember thinking that the time the rest of us were wiling away on Candy Crush were the moments Jane must have been working on her book.”[Read our reviews of “The Dry,” “Force of Nature” and “The Lost Man.”]Harper outlined her writing process in a TEDx Talk last October called “Creativity in Your Control.” She returns often to the idea that artistic endeavor is made easier — and more enjoyable — with planning. “If you focus on the technical aspects,” she says, neat red corkscrew curls bobbing, “you can build a framework which serves as a base for your creative ideas.”Harper’s TEDx Talk was in part, perhaps, an effort to set the record straight: Much has been made in the news media about a 12-week creative writing course she took in 2014 through an offshoot of the London branch of the literary agency Curtis Brown. Shortly afterward, she produced the manuscript of “The Dry.” When Harper was asked at lunch about the course, it was the one time she seemed anything less than sunny. “I think honestly the impact of that has been overstated,” she said. “I was a journalist for thirteen years. I wrote every single day. I wrote thousands of words a week under pressure.” The course, she said, merely offered her some external accountability.The writing is the “fun part” for Harper, but for several months beforehand, she plots. As her Australian editor Cate Paterson said, every development in a Jane Harper story feels credible. “It’s one of the things that I get annoyed about with other crime writers,” Paterson said. “Some late inclusion, or a new character out of the blue, is the one who did it, but what I find with Jane is that the clues are there all along and she puts them together in a clever way.”Another element that Paterson said elevates Harper’s books from procedurals is an attention to character. At the center of both “The Dry” and “Force of Nature” is Aaron Falk, a Melbourne detective. In “The Dry,” he is forced to confront a dark chapter in his past as he solves a murder in his hometown; in “Force of Nature,” he searches for a missing hiker, lost in the woods outside the city. Falk, at times infuriating in his emotional inhibition, is a particularly compelling creation.ImageCreditPatricia Wall/The New York Times“I want people to think, ‘I know someone like that,’” Harper said. “I figure out what keeps people awake at night and what drives them to get out of bed in the morning, and that involves a lot of details that don’t make it into the books.” Characters’ coffee preferences, for instance: “Aaron Falk is from Melbourne so he’d probably be a flat-white man,” she said, using a term for steamed milk poured over espresso. “And Nathan” — a divorced dad who solves the death of his brother in “The Lost Man” — “he’d be instant coffee, happy to drink it black but with a splash of long-life milk on occasion.” (Harper, whose parents are British and who spent much of her childhood in England, is “more of a tea person.”)Nathan drinks long-life milk in part because he lives hundreds of miles from the nearest town, on a remote cattle station in the northern Australian state of Queensland. Harper leans on the Australian environment in all of her novels. “The Lost Man,” like “The Dry,” is a study in isolation and its psychological and physical effects — particularly on men, who in regional areas of Australia are vulnerable to depression and suicide. “Setting informs plot,” is how Harper put it, when asked about her skill in conjuring up a familiar type of Australian bloke, at once taciturn and tender.Where “The Dry” probed the dangers of prolonged drought on a close-knit farming community, “The Lost Man” is concerned with how people live — and die — in the unforgiving outback. The novel opens in the desert, with the discovery of Nathan’s brother’s body five miles from his four-wheel-drive vehicle and the food, fuel and water in its trunk. What happened to separate Nathan’s brother from his survival kit?“I knew I wanted somewhere hot and far-flung, but with a community of sorts,” Harper said of her choice of location. As part of her planning, she flew to Charleville, some 400 miles west of the Queensland capital of Brisbane, and then drove more than 500 miles further to the tiny town of Birdsville, on the edge of the Simpson Desert. The town’s claim to fame is hitting the highest-ever temperature in Queensland, of 49.5 degrees Celsius (121.1 degrees Fahrenheit). Now it’s the town that served as inspiration for “The Lost Man.”Accompanying Harper on her journey was Neale McShane, the officer in charge of Birdsville Police Station for 10 years, who is now retired. McShane, by himself, once patrolled an area of outback the size of the United Kingdom, with a population of about 250 people.From her training as a journalist, Harper had determined exactly what she needed from the research trip: “I knew how I wanted the story to play out, but I’d left enough flexibility for the things I didn’t have at that stage.” She didn’t know how two-way radios worked, for instance, or what kitchens looked like at cattle stations. Those were the known unknowns. But there were still surprises: “If anything,” she said, “I’d underestimated how dangerous it can be out there, and how quickly things can go wrong.”Reached on the phone from his home in Charleville, McShane praised Harper’s evocation of (very) small-town life. “You can drive 12 hours here without passing another car,” McShane said. “She nailed the loneliness of it.”“You don’t have to know the place to get the feelings of the characters,” said Deborah Force, who owns an independent Melbourne bookstore called the Sun and was an early champion of Harper’s writing. “The Lost Man” was her shop’s best-selling title over the holidays. “Even people who say they don’t like crime really liked ‘The Dry,’” Force said.Harper doesn’t want to be boxed into a genre. “I don’t really feel drawn to dark things or human misery,” she said. Although all three of her books feature a sudden and mysterious death, they aren’t grisly or scary. “The number of books you come across with a young blond woman who gets mutilated and killed,” said Paterson, Harper’s editor, with a sigh. “I’m just reading a submission at the moment from an agent which starts with a woman getting kidnapped. You get overwhelmed by it.”Harper’s goal is clear: to write books people will enjoy reading, ones that she would like to read herself. Right now, those books happen to involve crime. “As a journalist I learned not to assume people will read to the end,” she said. “I need to keep people engaged.”Speaker Nancy Pelosi and the idealistic class of 64 Democratic House freshmen are armed with a reform agenda.This includes H.R. 1, a 571-page bill that addresses voting rights, corruption, gerrymandering and campaign finance reform as well as the creation of a Select Committee on the Climate Crisis — a first step toward a “Green New Deal.”Proponents of this ambitious project face a determined adversary, however — the top ranks of the interest group establishment, skilled in co-opting liberal members of Congress and converting initiatives to square with the interests of corporate America.The upper stratum of the Washington lobbying community often exercises de facto veto power over the legislative process, dominating congressional policymaking, funneling campaign money to both parties and offering lucrative employment to retiring and defeated members of the House and Senate.Lobbyists exercise this power across the course of a member’s career. “Whoever is elected is immediately met with a growing lobbying onslaught by the same big players,” write Lee Drutman, a senior fellow at New America, Matt Grossmann, a political scientist at Michigan State and Tim LaPira, a political scientist at James Madison University, who have contributed a chapter to “Can America Govern Itself?” a book edited by Francis Lee and Nolan McCarty that is coming out in June.Within the federal lobbying community — a $3.37 billion industry in 2017 — Drutman, Grossmann and LaPira writea limited number of organizations at the very top of the resource distribution have escalated their political investments in ways that increasingly distinguish them from the rest of the pack.This population of groups at the top of the distribution is becoming increasingly stable over the last two decades. This group of top organizations — which we call the top tier — is positioning itself as a distinct class.The authors argue that the first tier lobbying organizationsare analogous to the current generation of very wealthy families who now pay for every conceivable tutor so that their children can be advantaged in applying to elite prep schools and colleges, which are now more and more essential to getting ahead in our increasingly economically stratified society. In both circumstances, financial resources and social connections build up over time, reinforcing stratification. Money does not guarantee outcomes. But it helps reinforce inequalities by widening the gap between the very top and everyone else.The ability of this elite constituency to meet politicians’ demands for campaign contributions and other resources, the authors argue, has allowed Congress to ignore traditional “populist concerns regarding dominant economic interests” as members of the House and Senate “continue their high-dollar fund-raisers and constant meetings with lobbyists.”Despite his right-wing populist campaign and his September 2017 promise — “Our framework includes our explicit commitment that tax reform will protect low-income and middle-income households, not the wealthy and well-connected” — Trump supported and signed into law the $1.5 trillion Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. This extraordinarily regressive legislation decisively favors the rich and corporate interests.As the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center has noted, as a result of the Trump tax bill higher income households will receivelarger average tax cuts as a percentage of after-tax income, with the largest cuts as a share of income going to taxpayers in the 95th to 99th percentiles of the income distribution. On average, in 2027 taxes would change little for lower- and middle-income groups.The Trump administration’s drive to deregulate workplace safety rules and to undermine unions also reflects the impact of the Washington lobbying elite. By definition, lobbies at the highest rungs of the ladder spend more than those lower down, but “the differences are staggering,” Drutman and his colleagues write. The top 100 lobbying groups represent 0.89 percent of the 11,272 registered lobbies, but they “consistently have at least one-third of the in-house lobbyists in Washington, and hire about one in five contract lobbyists from multi-client lobbying firms.” The way it plays out over time, according to Drutman, is that 90 to 95 percent of the top 100 associations and firms represent business interests, as opposed to labor, consumers, or environmentalists. The top 100 spent $1.047 billion in 2017, or a little less than a third of total lobbying dollars that year, according to data provided to The Times by the Center for Responsive Politics.The upper ranks of the Washington lobbying community are most effective at blocking enactment of legislation, as opposed to winning approval of new laws. This is the very power — the crucial power — that prevents successful legislative initiatives from improving the lives of those in the bottom half of the income distribution.Raymond La Raja and Brian Schaffner, political scientists at the University of Massachusetts and Tufts, in their 2015 book, “Campaign Finance and Political Polarization: When Purists Prevail,” argue that legislative inaction inherently benefits the affluent and hurts the less advantaged: “A strong case has been made that policy gridlock exacerbates wealth inequality through a basic failure to adjust policies to new economic and demographic realities,” they write, like globalization and automation, which have disproportionately penalized unskilled and semiskilled labor.La Raja and Schaffner add thatPartisan polarization tends to exacerbate problems of economic inequality because political stalemate makes government less responsive to the needs of poorer citizens.In 2017, the most recent year with complete data, the top 10 lobbying associations — which include the United States Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Realtors, the Business Roundtable and the Pharmaceutical Research & Manufacturers of America — spent a total of $291.2 million on lobbying, according to Open Secrets.In the simplest terms, the pattern of campaign contributions (calculated by Open Secrets) provides insight into the motives of the interest groups and corporations — those represented by the major lobbying groups — that are most concerned with shaping public policy.In the 2017-18 election cycle, securities and investment firms gave a total of $60,566,716, split 53-46 percent between Democrats and Republicans; real estate gave $52,205,352 (51 to 48); accountants, $11,807,757, (46 to 51); the health industry, $159,255,037, (54.6 to 45); and lobbyists themselves contributed $25,828,243, (46 to 53).The stakes of this competition are substantially higher than those involved in picking individual candidates because ultimately they determine entire classes of winners and losers.Instead of building solidarity, study after study shows that as the gulf between rich and poor widens, voters become increasingly mean spirited and hostile to the welfare state, progressive taxation and regulations designed to protect consumers, workers and the environment.“People who have experienced higher inequality during their lives are less in favor of redistribution,” write Christopher Roth and Johannes Wohlfart, economists at the University of Warwick in Britain and Goethe University in Germany, in their November 2018 paper, “Experienced Inequality and Preferences for Redistribution.” They are “less likely to support left-wing parties and to consider the prevailing distribution of incomes to be unfair.”In another essay from November 2018, “Inequality and Participative Democracy. A Self‐Reinforcing Mechanism,” Ioannis Theodossiou and Alexandros Zangelidis, economists at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland, describe the way income inequality leads to political apathy and back again:Greater income inequality alienates and discourages people from engaging with common affairs, thus leading to lower political participation. Yet, lower electoral participation leads towards a less equitable distribution of income. Hence, this study reveals a self‐reinforcing mechanism where the unequal distribution of income leads to political exclusion, which in turn leads to more inequality.In other words, increasing inequality undermines support for a progressive agenda — the agenda most likely to improve the life chances and conditions of the least well off.Steven Pearlstein, a columnist at the Washington Post, in his 2018 book “Can American Capitalism Survive?” describes this negative feedback loop succinctly:As a society, we are now caught in one of those self-reinforcing, downward spirals in which the erosion of social capital, government dysfunction, rising inequality and slowing rates of economic growth are all feeding off each other, with more of one leading to more of all the others.Pearlstein continues:Income inequality and political polarization have become mutually reinforcing, creating the vicious circle that now manifests itself daily in the erosion of norms around civility and truth telling, the declining trust in political institutions, legislative gridlock and political dysfunction.Unsurprisingly, such problems lead to ever more disquieting outcomes.Anthony Chen, a sociologist at Northwestern, wrote by email:Weakened opposition is one reason why business influence over political and regulatory decisions seems greater today than it did before.In addition, Chen argued,one of the big political advantages that business enjoys is that it is continually able to recruit good players and send them to play every game worth playing in the American political and legal system. And there are a lot of games worth playing. Those games might entail having key language inserted into a piece of legislation as it gets finalized by Congress, or sending a top-notch legal team to Federal District Court when a favorable way of interpreting a particular statutory provision is potentially at stake, or making sure that business views are amply reflected in the EPA’s notice-and-comment rule-making process. And those are just some of the games that are being played at the federal level.Still, the newly elected Democratic House majority does not enter the fray without some effective tools of its own. Perhaps most important is the changing source of campaign money.Earlier this month, two reporters for The Times, Stephanie Saul and Rachel Shorey, reported thatDemocratic candidates in the general election collected nearly $296 million in small donations, more than three times the $85 million collected by Republicans.ActBlue, a liberal internet-based nonprofit fund-raising organization, told Saul and Shorey thatit helped raise $1.6 billion in the 2017-18 election cycle, including money it collects for interest groups and state candidates. The average donation was $39.67.The growth of small donor contributions online has lessened the dependence of Democratic candidates on the network of Washington-based PACs and lobbyist-run fund-raisers. The question now, Walter Shapiro, a fellow at the Brennan Center, writes, is whether Democrats “can withstand the inevitable pressure to adapt to business as usual in Washington by resisting the traditional advice to court big-money contributors.”La Raja of warned in an email thatA potentially larger challenge in any Democratic effort to reduce inequality is that allied interest groups and individual donors — as progressive as they are — focus on issues that are not necessarily about reducing inequality for the poor and working class. Instead, the emphasis is often on social issues such as abortion and civil rights, or protecting the environment.Jesse Rhodes, also a political scientist at the University of Massachusetts, questioned in an email whether Democratic donors support the goal of reducing economic inequality:I think that, all things considered, there is probably more tension than alignment with this goal. To be sure, donors tend to be more ideological than non-donors, so donors to Democratic candidates and/or the Democratic Party are going to be fairly liberal on average. At the same time, donors, particularly significant donors, are likely to be fairly affluent, and therefore heavily invested in the status quo.Democratic campaign contributors, Rhodes continued, would in all likelihood besupportive of progressive policies that would reduce economic inequality at the margins — e.g. shoring up Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, supporting increases in the minimum wage, and so forth — but I’m skeptical that they would be enthusiastic about more dramatic policy proposals that would require large tax increases on high incomes.The larger question in the wake of the 2018 elections is whether the forces that propelled Democrats into the majority in the House are powerful and persistent enough to force a shift from the rightward direction of policymaking that has held sway over a significant stretch of the past 40 years.The 2018 election outcome demonstrated that the left has regained momentum and enthusiasm, but the interest group elite — the prime movers of the regressive distribution of income described by Drutman, Grossmann and LaPira — have demonstrated exceptional staying power.“Business groups are simply more numerous and better resourced than any other type of interest group,” Chen writes in “In the Private Interest? Business Influence and American Democracy,” which also appears as a chapter in “Can America Govern Itself?” Corporations and trade groups are far more likely than citizen groups to employ hired lobbyists and former government officials, and the average spending of corporations and trade groups on lobbying and campaign contributions routinely exceeds that of citizen groups by several multiples.Especially in the case of the finance industry, Chen writes,there is rapidly accumulating evidence that campaign contributions deliver a definite and non-trivial improvement in the probability of obtaining a favorable vote.According to Bloomberg, three major business groups — the United States Chamber of Commerce, the Business Roundtable and the National Association of Realtors — invested over $50 million in lobbying to win passage of the trillion dollar Trump tax cut.If newly ascendant Democrats are to have a chance in their struggle against the power brokers of the lobbying community, they will have to maintain and expand their current House majority and eventually win the Senate. Perhaps most important, the party must avoid the repetition of past flameouts.Previous implosions include the elections of 1978 and 1980 that crushed the Democratic surge in the wake of Watergate and the 2010 Republican wave election that brought an abrupt halt to the idea that a new Democratic majority had dawned after President Barack Obama’s victory in 2008.Democrats need a leader who can power through the internal contradictions that their multihued, multicultural rainbow coalition presents.They need their own populist playbook and a presidential candidate equipped to forcefully campaign on it, someone whose personality — bravura, charisma, and bullheadedness — can seal for even a short while the cracks and schisms that push the party in a hundred different directions.My guess is that this will require the Democrats and their presidential nominee to resourcefully confront — to creatively reformat — issues of race and immigration, gender and sexual identity that Republicans have exploited with great success to peel away swing voters. This may be where a candidate’s charisma — his or her ability to elicit committed followership — becomes indispensable. The issue is less whether the party should or should not move left, but how a party of the left presents itself to and recruits an Election Day majority from a heterogeneous and deeply conflicted national audience.The danger for Democrats is that intensifying public hostility to President Trump may hand them the White House in 2020 before they have fully cultivated a leadership cadre equipped to address the conflicts that have torn the party apart in the past — a cadre that must also be strong enough to do battle with the increasingly powerful moneyed class and its voracious lobbying elite.I invite you to follow me on Twitter, @Edsall.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.ATLANTA — A senior aide to a former mayor of Atlanta collapses on a courtroom floor after hearing that she is headed to prison.F.B.I. agents in Los Angeles haul away computers and documents during a raid of a veteran councilman’s office.News cameras trail the most powerful alderman in Chicago as he walks to court to face a charge of attempted extortion.Federal prosecutors in Philadelphia accuse a powerful labor boss of keeping a key city councilman on his union’s payroll.Four of America’s largest cities are under the dark clouds of major federal corruption investigations. Residents, politicians and power brokers in all of them are holding their breath, waiting for signs of how deeply their civic cultures will be shaken.The investigations raise questions not just about who else might be caught up in them, but also about whether there can be any lasting cure for the chronic corruption problems that seem to dog big cities, so often dominated by a single party or political machine.In Chicago, Dick Simpson, a former alderman who is a political scientist at the University of Illinois at Chicago, called corruption a part of the municipal culture there. To change that, he said, “you have to not only destroy the political machine, but also actually create a history of clean government — that’ll be decades of work.”Engulfed by ScandalThe investigations have already had a palpable impact.In Chicago, the criminal charges against Alderman Ed Burke have created all kinds of complications for the municipal elections set for Feb. 26. Political insiders are watching uncomfortably to see whether the scandal will harm any of the 14 candidates vying to succeed Mayor Rahm Emanuel.In Atlanta, Kasim Reed, who was mayor from 2010 to 2018, has not been implicated in the investigation swirling around his former administration, and he has vigorously maintained his innocence. Even so, the scandal has effectively sidelined Mr. Reed, once a rising Democratic star in the South and one of Georgia’s most powerful politicians.Mayor Eric Garcetti of Los Angeles is not a known target of the widening probe in his city, either, though two of his appointees are under scrutiny, including a former deputy mayor. Last week, Mr. Garcetti put an end to months of speculation about his presidential ambitions by announcing that he would not seek the Democratic nomination in 2020.A federal indictment in the Philadelphia case, announced on Wednesday, centers on a union leader with major influence in city and state politics, and includes as a co-defendant the majority leader on the City Council, Bobby Henon, a former official of the union. Mr. Henon issued a statement saying he had done nothing wrong.The Chicago and Los Angeles metropolitan areas are the two most corrupt in the United States, based on the number of federal public corruption convictions from 1976 to 2016, according to researchers at the University of Illinois at Chicago. Philadelphia comes in at No. 8.Atlanta did not make the Top 10 in that study, but even so, the civic conversation in the South’s most important city is strongly influenced by the 2006 conviction of another former mayor, Bill Campbell, on tax evasion charges stemming from an earlier corruption investigation.Contracts and CozinessThese investigations often expose webs of small-bore wrongdoing. The bribes that Katrina Taylor-Parks, the woman who collapsed in court Jan. 14, had pleaded guilty to accepting from a city vendor in Atlanta added up to just $4,000. Ms. Taylor-Parks, a former deputy chief of staff to Mr. Reed, returned to court last week, and the judge sentenced her to 21 months in prison.But her case is one facet of a wide-ranging investigation examining construction contracts, the use of city-issued credit cards, and lucrative concessions at the city’s international airport. It has already led to the conviction of two contractors, who each bribed a city official; a former chief procurement officer for the city, who accepted bribes; and a man named Shandarrick Barnes, who threw a brick through the window at one of the contractor’s homes, warning him not to cooperate with investigators. He also placed dead rodents on the property.Those gangster-movie touches have come with a decidedly Atlantan twist. Mr. Barnes had business ties to a woman named Mitzi Bickers, who has made headlines over the years as a pioneering gay politician, as a president of the Atlanta public school board, as the pastor of a predominantly African-American Baptist church, and as a controversial political consultant. She was indicted in April on charges that she accepted more than $2 million in bribes when she was the city’s human services director. Ms. Bickers has pleaded not guilty to all the charges.Mr. Reed’s successor as mayor, Keisha Lance Bottoms, took office in January 2018, and a big part of her job has been dealing with the mess — rebidding airport contracts, listing the tiniest of city transactions with vendors on a public website, and naming a new “transparency officer.”In Los Angeles, where the downtown skyline is studded with construction cranes, investigators are focused on cozy relationships between politicians and the real estate executives who write checks to their campaigns and charitable causes.Such coziness has worried environmentalists and urban activists for decades, the more so now that the city’s neglected downtown is undergoing a renaissance, awash in money from Chinese real estate developers. The F.B.I. is paying attention now as well.Ever since the raid in November on the office and home of Jose Huizar, the City Council member whose district includes much of downtown, federal agents have been scouring his records for details of his financial connections to developers. (Asked for comment, Mr. Huizar’s lawyers issued a statement saying that Mr. Huizar “continues to work on behalf of the cultural, residential and commercial revitalization of Downtown Los Angeles,” but did not address the investigation.)A sign that the investigation extends far beyond Mr. Huizar surfaced recently when a researcher stumbled on a search warrant from July, indicating that the F.B.I. was looking for evidence of bribery, extortion and money laundering involving Chinese real estate investors, city politicians and their aides, including two of Mr. Garcetti’s appointees.The warrant described a sprawling web of possible corruption. Investigators appeared to be looking at whether campaign donations were traded for promises of project approvals, and whether there was outright bribery. The search was centered on an email account belonging to Ray Chan, a former deputy mayor.The investigators have yet to charge anyone with a crime. Even so, the investigation is rattling the city, and evoking its history of shady real estate dealings as it grew rapidly in the early 20th century, immortalized in the 1974 film “Chinatown.”“This is our new Chinatown,” said Jill Stewart, executive director of Coalition to Preserve L.A., an activist group that promotes transparency in government. “There was a huge amount of land use corruption. That’s always been a part of L.A.’s historic DNA.”Mr. Garcetti has sought to distance himself from any wrongdoing.“I am not responsible a hundred percent for everybody’s actions in this building, elected officials and staff,” the mayor said at a recent news conference. “But I do take my responsibility seriously, and I do expect every city employee to participate fully and cooperate fully with the F.B.I.”The investigation has revived efforts led by David Ryu, a City Council member, to limit contributions by real estate developers to city politicians’ campaigns and charitable causes.“There is a perception that exists that local politicians are influenced by developers, or special interests,” Mr. Ryu said. “If this perception exists, real or not, we have to do everything to root it out.”A Widening NetChicago has 50 aldermen on its City Council, but none carried more weight than Mr. Burke, 75, the longest-serving member and the former longtime chief of the powerful finance committee.Federal authorities say he ran an old-school shakedown, threatening to stall city permissions to remodel a fast-food restaurant unless the owner hired Mr. Burke’s private law firm for real-estate tax work.“I’ve done nothing wrong,” Mr. Burke told reporters in early January after his first court appearance.Mr. Burke, who is married to Anne Burke, a justice on the Illinois Supreme Court, resigned his committee chairmanship, and a flurry of proposals quickly emerged for new ethics rules at City Hall prompted by his case. But he said he would go right on seeking re-election to the seat he has held since 1969.In recent days, tantalizing new revelations have emerged, raising the specter of a widening net: Local news media reported that another alderman has cooperated with federal authorities, secretly recording conversations for months with people at City Hall.Joe Moore, another Chicago alderman, said the mud from corruption cases tends to splash unfairly on all the city’s politicians. Corruption, he said, is “not the ‘Chicago Way,’ as people like to say — frankly, it’s the human way. Humans are fallible creatures.”Juul Labs, the company behind the insanely popular vaping device, has a message for the nation’s estimated 37.8 million adult smokers:It really, really, really cares about them. And it wants them (and only them — got that, teens?) to try vaping instead.“For smokers. By design,” blares the company’s website. A new $10 million TV ad campaign, called “Make the Switch,” echoes that theme, featuring testimonials from ex-smokers, all comfortably above the legal smoking age, who have swapped their cigarettes for a Juul.This benevolent-sounding mission — helping nicotine-addicted adult smokers switch to something far less likely to kill them — is Juul’s new pitch, and the way it hopes to rehabilitate its image as one of Silicon Valley’s most problematic start-ups.You can’t fault Juul for trying. The company, which is valued at $38 billion, has been through the wringer lately, with regulators, public health advocates and concerned parents accusing it of fueling an epidemic of teenage nicotine addiction by marketing to young people with fruit-flavored pods, colorful youth-filled ads and social media campaigns. It has been sued by users and lambasted by lawmakers, and the Food and Drug Administration, which is investigating whether Juul’s marketing practices deliberately targeted underage users, conducted a surprise inspection of the company’s headquarters last year. (In November, Juul announced it would shut down its Instagram and Facebook accounts, and stop selling most flavored pods in stores.)Adding to the concern is that last month, Juul took a $12.8 billion investment from Altria, the tobacco giant behind Marlboro and other popular brands, in exchange for 35 percent of the company.Now, after making billions of dollars and joining forces with Big Tobacco, Juul is billing itself as a public-health crusader.Juul is far from the first company to attempt a humanitarian makeover. Facebook, an outgrowth of a Harvard student’s juvenile attempt to quantify the attractiveness of his classmates, now claims to have been motivated by a virtuous impulse to connect the world; Uber, created by two tech entrepreneurs who wanted to zoom around San Francisco in luxury cars, later tried to convince people that it wanted to provide affordable mobility to the masses.But in Juul’s case, revisionist history is particularly important, because the way Juul markets itself is central to the question of how it should be treated. Many consumers, investors and ethical technologists would rightly shun a company that knowingly targeted minors with harmful products, and cleaned up its act only after public pressure. But if you believe that Juul had a noble anti-cigarette mission all along, it’s easier to excuse its missteps as the product of innocent naïveté.Unfortunately for Juul, plenty of evidence suggests that the company didn’t always take its public health agenda so seriously.In 2015, in an interview with The Verge, Ari Atkins, a research and development engineer who helped create the original Juul, said that “we don’t think a lot about addiction here because we’re not trying to design a cessation product at all.”He added that “anything about health is not on our mind.”In other early interviews, James Monsees, Juul’s co-founder and chief product officer, played down the idea of a public health mission.“We’re not an activist company,” he said in a 2014 interview. “If you don’t like what we’re making better than cigarettes, then have a cigarette, that’s fine.”In an interview the next year, Mr. Monsees called Juul’s predecessor, a tobacco vaporizer known as Pax, “the dystopian future of tobacco,” and said the company’s vaporizing technology might someday find a market beyond cigarette smokers.In a statement this week, Mr. Monsees said the company had been forced to be careful about its marketing. Under federal regulations, the company is allowed to bill its device as a “switching product” for smokers, but not as a smoking cessation tool or a health device. He said that while Juul “initiated campaigns in the past that we would not do today,” it was always focused on eliminating cigarettes.“Since 2005, we have been focused on creating a product to help people switch away from smoking combustible cigarettes — the number one cause of preventable death in the world,” Mr. Monsees said. “That focus has been clear in the key milestone moments in the creation of the company — it is what we said in our 2005 Stanford graduation thesis and our first fund-raising letter in 2007.”Juul’s founders did, in fact, talk about improving health as a motivating factor early in the company’s existence. In a 2007 email sent to potential investors, Adam Bowen, Juul’s other co-founder, mentioned wanting to “offer a new alternative for health-conscious smokers.” The pair’s graduate thesis presentation, delivered while they were studying at Stanford in 2005, pitches vaping as a healthier substitute for cigarettes.But Juul’s public marketing told a different story. Few of the company’s early ads made any mention of cigarettes’ risks, or advocated for smokers to switch; most were focused on playing up vaping’s cool factor. As recently as 2017, the front page of the company’s website said nothing about switching from cigarettes at all, only that the Juul offered an “intensely satisfying vapor experience.”Recently, Juul — now equipped with an army of lobbyists and a slick communications team that includes a former White House spokesman — has studiously revamped its image. Glossy profiles have been written about the company’s “lifesaving mission” and Juul’s new chief executive, Kevin Burns, has gotten on message, emphasizing the company’s focus on adult smokers.This abrupt about-face has drawn skepticism from critics. Matthew L. Myers, the president of the antismoking advocacy group Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, characterized Juul’s new ad campaign as little more than a P.R. effort aimed at lawmakers and regulators.“Juul has engaged in all the traditional tactics of a company that is trying to fend off meaningful regulation, rather than actually change their behavior,” Mr. Myers said. “That is classic Big Tobacco.”For all the hand-wringing, no one is suggesting that Juul’s nicotine pods are less healthy than cigarettes, or that the company should stop marketing itself as a smoking alternative. There’s every reason to believe that vaping is significantly less harmful than smoking, and many adult smokers have in fact used Juul’s products to help them quit.But motives matter. And Juul’s shifty self-presentation suggests that the company may not be acting entirely on the level.Juul wants you to believe that it became a teenage sensation entirely by accident, that its products were only ever meant for adult smokers and that taking billions of dollars from Big Tobacco is consistent with the values of a company that has always put a priority on health over profits.The truth is much hazier than that.When Apple lost more than $75 billion in market value this past week after a surprise announcement that it is expecting lower iPhone sales than originally projected, the company put most of the blame for its troubles on China, where a slowing economy and the trade war with the United States have hurt sales.But a bigger issue for Apple might exist much closer to home, in a small, leafy town in Ohio.That’s where my mom lives. She’s a relatively tech-savvy retiree and a longtime Apple fan who has used many of the company’s products over the years. I learned to type on an Apple IIGS at her office, and she was an early adopter of the original turquoise iMac. These days, she uses her iPhone to check Facebook and Instagram, talk with her friends and relatives, and play solitaire and Words With Friends.Her phone isn’t the latest model — it’s a three-year-old iPhone 6S — and it’s missing some of the latest features. She can’t take portrait mode photos using a dual-lens camera, a feature introduced in the iPhone 7 Plus, and she can’t unlock her phone using Face ID, which was introduced in the iPhone X in 2017. Her phone’s battery life could be better, and the device sometimes runs out of storage space.But she’s happy with it, and doesn’t feel the need to upgrade. She also has a first-generation Apple Watch and a several-versions-ago MacBook Air, neither of which she’s planning to replace anytime soon.“The phone I have does just about everything I need,” she said when I called her to ask why she hadn’t upgraded to one of the newer models. “Why pay $800 for a new one just to be up to date? My needs aren’t that complicated.”Most of the journalists who write about tech for a living (including me) are early adopters — power users who like having the latest gadgets, and who are willing to fork over money for a slightly better experience. For some of these people, Apple’s announcement has come as a shock that portends potential disaster for the company.But for my mom, and the many people who are probably in her situation, the company’s slowing iPhone sales aren’t at all a disaster. In fact, they make total sense, and they don’t have much to do with China.In a letter to investors explaining the lower forecast, Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, nodded to smaller-than-expected demand for iPhone upgrades, saying that consumers were “adapting to a world with fewer carrier subsidies” and “taking advantage of significantly reduced pricing for iPhone battery replacements.” The company declined to comment for this column.Apple is also facing competition from rivals like Samsung and Huawei, which have flooded international markets with lower-cost Androids that are, in many cases, just as functional as iPhones. And, yes, there are issues related to President Trump’s trade war with China, and an overall economic slowdown in the country.But the most consequential hit to Apple’s bottom line may be from people who are holding on to their phones for longer. Back in 2015, iPhones were being replaced after roughly two years, on average, according to BayStreet Research, a firm that tracks smartphone sales. That period has jumped to roughly three years, and is expected to grow even more.“We’re going to move to longer replacement cycles, principally because the cost is higher,” said Chris Caso, a tech analyst with Raymond James.Many of Apple’s issues are common to smartphone makers. The components inside newer phones, such as added memory and improved screen technology, are more expensive than older components. Refurbished and used phones are also more easily available, and carriers like Verizon and AT&T aren’t subsidizing new phone purchases as heavily as they once did, meaning that the up-front cost to the customer is higher.“It used to be that for $650, you got all new features, a better screen, everything,” Mr. Caso said. “Now, to put more features in the phone, it costs money.”There are Apple-specific variables, too. The newest version of Apple’s mobile operating systems, iOS 12, was designed to improve the performance of older devices. (This was a refreshing change from previous iOS updates, which tended to grind older models to a halt.) With better water resistance and sturdier screens, iPhones are more physically resilient than they used to be. And the list of must-have new features has shrunk. With a few exceptions — like Face ID and animated emojis — there is nothing you can do on a new iPhone that you can’t do on one from several years ago.Apple has also taken a hit from its battery replacement program, which offered steep discounts to many customers after the company was accused of slowing down older iPhones. That led some users to replace their batteries rather than their entire iPhone.All of this is worrying short-term investors, who want people to buy as many new iPhones as possible. But it’s great for people like my mom, who get to keep phones they’re happy with and replace them less frequently. It’s great for the environment — according to Apple’s latest sustainability report, each new Apple device produced generates an average of 90 kilograms of carbon emissions.A more durable iPhone could even be great for Apple’s long-term profitability. As Brian Barrett points out at Wired, “An iPhone that lasts longer keeps customers in the iOS ecosystem longer,” and more willing to keep their paid subscriptions to Apple Music, iCloud and other Apple services.Apple’s longer replacement cycle may be a temporary phenomenon, if newer technologies — such as compatibility with 5G mobile networks, which is expected to arrive in iPhones in 2020 — lead to popular apps that don’t run on older phones.“If there’s an app — maybe it’s Fortnite 2 — that I can’t run on my existing iPhone, a new iPhone will be on every teenage boy’s shopping list,” Mr. Caso said.But for now, while investors might be unhappy with the company’s short-term sales, the rest of us should cheer it as a sign of progress in giving customers what they want: sturdy, reliable phones that don’t become obsolete as soon as a new model arrives.When I asked my mom what would get her to upgrade to a newer iPhone, she said she might do it if a new, killer feature came along, or if her favorite apps no longer worked. But in the end, she admitted that wasn’t likely.“Until I drop it and break it, I’ll probably keep it,” she said.HARK By Sam Lipsyte 284 pp. Simon & Schuster. $27.We begin with a schmuck. His name is Fraz Penzig — Fraz being how his father, Frank, once heard himself paged over a static-filled airport loudspeaker. “Penzig men,” writes Sam Lipsyte. “Always hovering just outside of an inside joke they have played on themselves.” It’s hard to diminish a character faster than naming him for a mistake, but we soon learn that Fraz is abrasive and useless at his job. He has a porn fetish that’s common knowledge in his grossed-out social circle. His 8-year-old twins may have rectal parasites. His wife, Tovah, enjoys French-kissing one of Fraz’s childhood rivals. “Tovah told him that life is not a zero-sum game, but Fraz senses that if it were, he would be the zero sum.”Hark Morner is also named for a mistake, this one involving a foreign-born mother and a Christmas carol. “She thought the song was about someone telling their friend Hark that the herald angels were singing,” Hark tells Fraz. But where Fraz has been sinking since birth, Hark is rising — as in “glory to the newborn king” rising — through mental archery, a quasi-religious mindfulness regimen of his own creation. He’s still in the pamphlet-selling phase when he meets Fraz, and he’s not the chattiest messiah. But when Hark speaks, “his voice is an enchanted river with roars and hushes and thick, crystal swerves. It carves a course for Fraz to follow, to flow toward, out from his fetid backwaters, his brack stink.”[ The paper’s 2010 review of “The Ask” called it “the sort of book that, if it were an animal, would be a lumbering, hairy, cryptozoological ape-man with a near-crippling case of elephantiasis.” ]The attraction and repulsion between would-be Jesus and his apostle Costanza is a major story line in “Hark,” though it’s hardly the only one. “Hark” is Lipsyte’s first novel since 2010’s much-loved “The Ask,” and similarities abound. Both are satires featuring underemployed, middle-aged New York Jewish protagonists with abandoned artistic dreams, cheating wives and snack-food obsessions. That’s a pretty specific box on the census form for a writer to check twice. Both also veer away from narrative to chase any excuse for a riff — then swing back with prose so good you feel guilty complaining about the whiplash. The difference is that in “Hark” the riffing has more serious consequences.“Hark” is split into halves, the first of which is extremely funny. In a few swift pages we learn that Hark started as a stooge on the corporate speaker’s circuit, hired to bore audiences with meaningless aphorisms (“You are the arrow! But you are also what it pierces”) until an executive ringer would eject him from the stage to heroic applause. “Hark wasn’t the only person who worked this niche. A guy named Cornelius the Corporate Impostor had the gig before Hark. Big Lev from Biz Dev had sewn up Silicon Valley. But they were too broad. Nobody bought their acts after a line or two. Hark twitched with the plausible.”Image [Read: Sam Lipsyte on the role of sex scenes in fiction.]In the midst of these gigs, Hark has his revelation. It’s a recurring joke that no one can explain mental archery beyond its “focus on focus,” but pamphlets are written, yoga poses created (“Priapic Centaur, Roaring Rama, Encircling Sioux”), and a core of acolytes gather. There’s the heiress Kate Rumpler and Teal, Kate’s anticapitalist, ex-convict ex-girlfriend. (Kate: “You did do time for embezzlement.” Teal: “That company was building fascism in America. And its shipping policies were absurd.”) Kate funds Hark with her inheritance. Teal runs Hark Hub, home of the latest Hark videos and social threads. Fraz fancies himself the movement’s Steve Bannon, while the others regard him as its Michael Cohen. All are mired in ironic detachment from their misery and attracted to Hark’s simple message. But they’re unsure if his odd speech and mannerisms are signs of sanctity or just weirdness. “Maybe Fraz is too impure to know the difference.”Having dropped Hark at the edge of a Tony Robbins-like breakthrough in Part 1, the story unravels some in Part 2 — for Hark and for “Hark.” Lipsyte crowds the plot with a stalker/Svengali, an organ-donation kidnapping thingumajig, and an Elon Musk-y villain, complete with surgically dyed irises, who exists mostly as a reason for Lipsyte to groove on big tech. He also shoves his skeptical Greek chorus aggressively toward belief, leading to lines like this from Fraz to Kate: “There’s something a little too uncomplicated in Hark for people like us. Thing is, we’ve got to change, not him.”That’s a honker of a passage, though it serves Lipsyte’s point — that modern life is so grim, people will bend far below the limbo bar of logic in search of some peace. Even the author can’t make up his mind about Hark and mental archery. “Fraz does believe,” he writes, only to double back a few sentences later and suggest that he doesn’t.But the battle between Hark and Fraz is never a fair fight. Regardless of the deficiencies Lipsyte piles onto them, Fraz, Kate, Teal and others are fully formed characters. We know Fraz’s inner life, see moments of tenderness with his kids, and even get the occasional glimpse of his appeal. Calling back to Fraz’s courtship with Tovah, Lipsyte writes: “He told her to consider him a downed wire: unpredictable, potentially lethal. Tovah thought him more a lost shoelace, but adorable.”Hark, meanwhile, is a great idea and a lousy character. He’s only ever alive as a vessel for riffs about belief, fraud, transcendence, corporate off-sites, etc. Many of these are dazzling, but hardly all of them, and Hark is in the book a lot. There’s considerable time given to his speeches: “What we learn from the example of the Mongols.…” Meta, sure. But meta-boring is still boring. In an attempt to give Hark a bit more flesh some information gets sprinkled in — he’s a cop’s kid, his favorite drink is ice — but it’s a tough sell that smart, damaged, witty, miserable people would lend Hark their attention for longer than it would take to ridicule him. Let alone devote their tiny reservoirs of hope to something as inchoate as mental archery.Lipsyte tries to give his characters cleaner moments of salvation before wrapping things up, but this being a Christ allegory tucked inside a satire, it’s safe to say it doesn’t end terribly well for anyone. It’s a shame. Not only because so much of “Hark” is brilliantly alive, but because everyone in it could use a bit of mercy.WASHINGTON — On a busy day at the White House, President Trump hosted senators to talk about tax cuts, accused a Democratic congresswoman of distorting his condolence call to a soldier’s widow and suffered another court defeat for his travel ban targeting Muslim countries.And at some point on Wednesday, Oct. 18, 2017, Mr. Trump took the time to sign a $35,000 check to his lawyer, who had made hush payments to prevent alleged sexual misconduct from being exposed before the 2016 presidential election. It was one of 11 occasions that Mr. Trump or his trust cut such checks, six of which were provided this week to The New York Times.At the heart of last week’s congressional testimony by Michael D. Cohen, Mr. Trump’s former lawyer, was the sensational accusation that the sitting president of the United States financed an illegal cover-up from inside the White House. The dates on the newly available checks shed light on the parallel lives Mr. Trump was living by this account — at once managing affairs of state while quietly paying the price of keeping his personal secrets out of the public eye.The president hosted a foreign leader in the Oval Office, then wrote a check. He haggled over legislation, then wrote a check. He traveled abroad, then wrote a check. On the same day he reportedly pressured the F.B.I. director to drop an investigation into a former aide, the president’s trust issued a check to Mr. Cohen in furtherance of what federal prosecutors have called a criminal scheme to violate campaign finance laws at the direction of Mr. Trump.The White House on Tuesday referred questions about the payments to Mr. Trump’s private lawyers. Jay Sekulow, one of the president’s personal lawyers, had no comment and a lawyer for the Trump Organization declined to discuss the matter.Other defenders of the president said that the checks proved only that Mr. Trump paid his personal lawyer, not that he necessarily knew the money was meant to reimburse Mr. Cohen for hush payments to Stormy Daniels, the pornographic film actress who has claimed to have had an extramarital affair with Mr. Trump. The president has denied the affair.“I think it’s news we knew about,” Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, the ranking Republican on the House Oversight and Reform Committee and one of the president’s staunchest allies, told reporters during a break in last week’s hearing. The payments, he said, could have been for services based on a retainer, although Mr. Cohen said there was no such retainer.The president’s critics said that the checks, mostly with Mr. Trump’s distinctive up-and-down signature, in fact bolster the prosecutors’ conclusion about his involvement in the scheme. Mr. Cohen has pleaded guilty to violating campaign finance laws as well as lying to Congress and faces three years in prison starting in the spring.“The $35,000 is an indication of the quality of that evidence, and it both shows the extent of Trump’s leading role and now leaves little doubt that he faces criminal prosecution after he leaves office for the same offenses for which Cohen will serve time,” said Robert F. Bauer, a law professor at New York University and former White House counsel for President Barack Obama.Indeed, some people close to Mr. Trump have privately predicted that he will ultimately choose to seek a second term in part because of his legal exposure if he is not president. While there is no legal consensus on the matter, Justice Department policy says that a president cannot be indicted while in office.The checks to Mr. Cohen were sent on a more or less monthly basis throughout 2017, Mr. Trump’s first year in office. Mr. Cohen provided two checks to the House committee last week and his lawyer, Lanny J. Davis, provided the additional six checks to The Times this week. Mr. Cohen’s team said it was searching for three others.Of the eight checks now available, seven were for $35,000 and another was for $70,000 to cover two months’ worth of payments. Six were signed by Mr. Trump himself while he was president and the other two were signed by his eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., and his company’s chief financial officer, Allen Weisselberg.Altogether, Mr. Trump or his trust paid Mr. Cohen $420,000, according to federal prosecutors. Of that, $130,000 was to reimburse payments made shortly before the 2016 election to Ms. Daniels, whose legal name is Stephanie Clifford, so she would not tell her story. Another $50,000 was for Mr. Cohen’s effort to manipulate online polls to inflate Mr. Trump’s reputation as a businessman.That $180,000 was then “grossed up” with another $180,000 to offset taxes that Mr. Cohen would have to pay on the original money since it was being treated as income. Another $60,000 was added as a “bonus,” prosecutors have said.Mr. Trump has offered conflicting accounts about the matter. Speaking to reporters on Air Force One in April 2018, he said he did not know about the payment to Ms. Daniels. But a month later, his lawyer, Rudolph W. Giuliani, hoping to refute the suggestion that it might be a campaign finance violation, told Fox News and The Times that the president had in fact reimbursed Mr. Cohen for the payment.Citing Mr. Cohen and other evidence, prosecutors from the Southern District of New York said in court papers that Mr. Trump directed the scheme, essentially making him an unindicted co-conspirator.“We’re talking about a felony committed by the president of the United States where there’s no dispute,” said Mr. Davis, the lawyer for Mr. Cohen.People close to Mr. Trump have suggested that he may not have been aware of what Mr. Cohen was doing in real time, despite an audiotape that Mr. Cohen recorded of him discussing with Mr. Trump payments that The National Enquirer had made to a second woman who claimed to have had an affair with the candidate.A person close to Mr. Trump said that he may have believed the checks were payment for general legal fees, but may not have known why. The president’s associates stressed that the payment to Mr. Cohen was one of several he made privately each month.Mr. Davis scoffed at that. “You denied the Stormy Daniels affair and that was a lie,” he said. “Now you’re denying that you knew about this payoff and reimbursement that Giuliani says you knew about. So your claim of ignorance doesn’t have any credibility.”One person who without question was involved, according to multiple people briefed on the events, was Mr. Weisselberg, the Trump Organization chief financial officer. Mr. Cohen told Mr. Weisselberg about the $130,000 wire transfer to Ms. Daniels. Mr. Weisselberg suggested repaying it in installments and told Mr. Cohen to send invoices once a month, according to the people.By Mr. Cohen’s account, the checks began in February 2017, just weeks after Mr. Trump was inaugurated as president. When Mr. Cohen visited the Oval Office for the first time, he said, Mr. Trump raised the issue of the hush payments in the same room that symbolized the United States’ seat of power.“Don’t worry, Michael, your January and February reimbursement checks are coming,” he quoted Mr. Trump telling him. “They were FedExed from New York and it takes a while for that to get through the White House system.”The first check was signed Feb. 14, 2017, for $70,000 to cover both January and February. It was issued by the president’s trust and signed by Mr. Weisselberg and Donald Trump Jr.The payment came at a fraught moment in the president’s early weeks, just a day after he forced his national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, to resign for lying about his contacts with Russia. On the same day the check to Mr. Cohen was signed, Mr. Trump pulled aside James B. Comey, then the F.B.I. director, and suggested “letting Flynn go,” according to a contemporaneous memo by Mr. Comey.The next check, for $35,000, came from the trust on March 17, even as the president hosted Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany in the Oval Office and aides were grappling with a firestorm over unfounded assertions aired by the White House that the British had spied on Mr. Trump when he was a candidate.A check for April has not been located; Mr. Cohen’s records were seized by federal agents. But after the initial payments, Mr. Trump was instructed that he should write Mr. Cohen checks from his personal checking account instead of the trust. It is not clear why he was told this, but in so doing, he removed his son’s name from future checks.On May 23, the president signed a personal check on the same day he was overseas meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel in Jerusalem and President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority in Bethlehem, before flying that night to Rome.Checks for June and July have also not been located. The next one, on Aug. 1, came as Mr. Trump invited small business owners to the White House and an aide confirmed that the president had dictated a misleading statement about a 2016 meeting that his campaign team held with Russians.On Sept. 12, Mr. Trump hosted the prime minister of Malaysia even as his press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, was telling reporters that the Justice Department should “certainly look at” prosecuting Mr. Comey. Mr. Trump signed another $35,000 check that day.After the Oct. 18 check came one on Nov. 21, just two days before Thanksgiving when Mr. Trump pardoned a turkey, saying, “I feel so good about myself,” and then defended Roy S. Moore, the Republican Senate candidate in Alabama who had been accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls. Mr. Trump also spoke by telephone that day with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia.The last check made public was signed on Dec. 5, the same day that Mr. Trump called Mr. Netanyahu, Mr. Abbas and Arab leaders to tell them that he had decided to move the American Embassy to Jerusalem.Four months later, F.B.I. agents raided Mr. Cohen’s office and home.Jeff Bezos and his wife, MacKenzie, may be the first billionaire couple with a huge stake in an enormous technology company to announce their divorce.They won’t be the last.The surprise announcement last week that the Bezoses would divorce after 25 years of marriage instantly raised questions about the future of their 16 percent, roughly $140 billion stake in Amazon. As its founder, chairman, chief executive and largest shareholder, Mr. Bezos exerts almost complete control over the company he created.The big question is, now what? Will Ms. Bezos sell her portion of the family’s vast Amazon holdings? Will she seek a seat on the company’s board? Will she push for big strategic or management changes?The Bezos divorce could have consequences for investors in other companies with billionaire founders — Google, Facebook, Groupon and Snap, to name a few. Unlike Mr. Bezos, who owns Amazon shares with ordinary voting rights, these tech entrepreneurs wield control of their companies by holding special classes of shares that confer extra power to their owners.To put it more explicitly: What would happen if Mark Zuckerberg and his wife filed for divorce?That’s not to suggest there’s anything amiss in the relationship between Mr. Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan, or with the marriages of controlling shareholders at any other giant tech company.[Who is MacKenzie Bezos? Her private life has become a public fascination.]But more such breakups are inevitable — after all, the divorce rate in California is about 60 percent, and many of the founders of high-flying Silicon Valley companies are only now reaching the age for the proverbial midlife crisis.The phenomenon of tech companies with controlling founders is still relatively recent. Google set a trend when it went public in 2004 with dual-class shares that enshrined Sergey Brin and Larry Page as the controlling owners. In the ensuing 15 years, about two-thirds of initial public stock offerings backed by venture capital funds have involved similar super-shares, according to Dealogic.The fate of such controlling shares in cases of divorce is, or should be, of intense interest to investors.David F. Larcker, director of the Corporate Governance Research Initiative at Stanford’s business school and a co-author of “Separation Anxiety: The Impact of CEO Divorce on Shareholders,” said his research showed that “shareholders should pay attention to matters involving the personal lives of C.E.O.s and take this information into account when making investment decisions.”The law doesn’t explicitly require controlling shareholders to disclose prenuptial or other agreements that could affect the disposal of their company stakes in the event of divorce. But some experts said they would support such a requirement.“It’s absolutely material, and as a result it should be disclosed,” said John C. Coffee Jr., director of the Center for Corporate Governance at Columbia University. In theory, he said, any provision that would reassure investors would lead to a higher share price. “There’s no question it’s in the best interests of shareholders,” he said.Charles M. Elson, a professor and director of the corporate governance center at the University of Delaware, also supports the disclosure of prenuptial agreements. “No one thought a Bezos divorce was a risk factor” for Amazon, Mr. Elson said. “Now no one knows how this will turn out. From a shareholder perspective, it’s certainly material.”Mr. Larcker said requiring public disclosure might be going a little too far, considering the privacy issues involved. But he agreed that, at the least, a board needed to be kept fully informed.“Once a divorce settlement is underway,” he said, “the board needs to think about whether the ex-spouse will demand a board seat, whether they are planning to liquidate their shares or perhaps sell as a block to an investor, maybe an activist. All of these actions can have a real impact on shareholder value.”So far, investors have hardly reacted to the Bezos breakup — Amazon’s shares are up slightly since the announcement. That might be partly because the couple went out of their way to characterize the split as amicable, saying they plan to “continue our shared lives as friends.”When many billions of dollars are at stake, amicable divorces are rare, even when they start out that way. “Most divorces start out contentious and end contentious,” said Samantha Bley DeJean, a matrimonial lawyer in San Francisco, who has worked with many Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and represents Angelina Jolie in her custody battle with Brad Pitt. “When they start out amicably, you hold out some hope that they’ll stay that way, but in my experience it only gets worse.”In 2017 Mark Pincus, the billionaire founder of the internet game company Zynga, and Alison Gelb Pincus filed for divorce. The two had a prenuptial agreement, which hasn’t been made public, but presumably addressed the issue of Mr. Pincus’s 70 percent voting stake in Zynga. In an interview with The New York Times last year, Mr. Pincus said the split was amicable.After the couple filed for divorce, Mr. Pincus converted his super-voting shares into ordinary shares, reducing his voting control of Zynga to about 10 percent. He told The Times that the conversion had nothing to do with the divorce.Ms. Pincus is an entrepreneur in her own right: she helped found the online retailer One Kings Lane, which was sold in 2016 to Bed Bath & Beyond for nearly $30 million. The Pincuses quietly finalized their divorce last year on terms that haven’t been made public. Zynga hasn’t disclosed any changes in Mr. Pincus’s shareholdings since then.A spokeswoman for Zynga, where Mr. Pincus remains executive chairman, declined to comment. Ms. DeJean, who represented Ms. Pincus, said she couldn’t discuss the case. But in general, she said, the fact that both spouses are extremely wealthy typically doesn’t change the dynamics of a divorce.“It becomes a matter of principle,” she said, “and principles can be dangerous in these situations, especially when there’s enough money to litigate them.”In their 2010 divorce, Steve and Elaine Wynn, the founders of the casino company Wynn Resorts, each received half of the couple’s 36 percent controlling stake in the company, valued then at $1.4 billion. To maintain Mr. Wynn’s control, Ms. Wynn agreed to vote her shares along with her ex-husband.At the time, the arrangement seemed amicable: Ms. Wynn warmly described Mr. Wynn as her “partner of 41 years and father of her children,” and Mr. Wynn said he was delighted that his ex-wife would remain on the company’s board.That didn’t last long. After two acrimonious years, Ms. Wynn was forced off the board and sued to regain voting control of her shares.The animosity only deepened after The Wall Street Journal reported last year that Mr. Wynn had repeatedly sexually harassed Wynn employees and had paid a manicurist $7.5 million after she told others that Mr. Wynn had forced her to have sex.That led Mr. Wynn to step down as chief executive. He sold his shares, leaving his former wife as the company’s largest shareholder. Since peaking in 2014, Wynn shares have fallen by more than half.Mr. Larcker’s research found that among 24 chief executives who got divorced between 2009 and 2012, seven (29 percent) stepped down within two years of the divorce settlement.Ms. DeJean said she had recently drafted numerous prenuptial agreements for young entrepreneurs. Negotiating them is delicate: It’s not especially romantic to be discussing the disposal of assets in a divorce proceeding in the middle of a courtship or engagement.The idea of making those prenuptial terms public could be anathema to such clients.Still, Ms. DeJean said, “I can see why investors would want to know.”(Reuters) - Campbell Soup Co said on Friday it would sell its Bolthouse Farms business to an affiliate of private equity firm Butterfly Equity for $510 million, in the U.S. food company's first major sale as part of its plan to reduce debt.With the completion of deal, expected by July 2019, Campbell will have divested its entire fresh division, it said. In February, it agreed to sell salsa maker Garden Fresh Gourmet to a unit of Fountain of Health USA, which makes hummus, dips and prepared salads.Butterfly said its operating partner Jeff Dunn will take the role of chief executive officer at Bolthouse Farms, where he previously served as president and CEO between 2008 and 2015. Campbell bought Bolthouse, known for its fruit juices and packaged carrots, in 2012 for about $1.55 billion in a push to add healthier products to its portfolio.The business, however, has struggled in recent years, with issues ranging from farming missteps to the recall of 3.8 million bottles of protein shakes due to possible spoilage.The fresh food unit along with Campbell's international business, has been up for sale since August after the company was pressured by investors to boost its profitability and stock performance."The sale of Bolthouse Farms supports our strategy to focus on our two core North American businesses, Campbell Snacks and Campbell Meals and Beverages," CEO Mark Clouse said. The packaged foods maker said the proceeds from deal would help reduce debt by about $570 million and that the transaction is not expected to impact the company's fiscal 2019 forecast. (Reporting by Uday Sampath and Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Shinjini Ganguli)(Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc has decided it will seek to sell around $10 billion worth of stock in its initial public offering, and will make public the registration of the offering on Thursday, people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.An IPO of this size would make Uber one of the biggest technology IPOs of all time, and the largest since that of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd in 2014.Uber is seeking a valuation of between $90 billion and $100 billion, influenced by the poor performance of smaller rival Lyft Inc's shares following its IPO late last month, the sources said. Investment bankers previously told Uber it could be worth as much as $120 billion.Uber most recently was valued at $76 billion in the private fundraising market.Most of the shares sold would be issued by the company, while a smaller portion would be owned by Uber investors cashing out, one of the sources said. Uber plans to make its IPO registration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission publicly available on Thursday, and will kick of its investor roadshow during the week of April 29, putting it on track to price its IPO and begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange in early May, the sources said. The sources cautioned that the plans are still subject to change and market conditions, and asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential.A representative for Uber declined to comment. Lyft's IPO priced at the top end of its upwardly revised range last month, assigning it a valuation of more than $24 billion in an offering that raised $2.34 billion. But the stock has traded poorly since debuting on the Nasdaq on March 29, as concerns about the startup's path to profitability have become more prominent. The shares ended trading on Tuesday at $67.44, well below their $72 IPO price.In moderating its valuation expectations, Uber is showing a realism that is being increasingly adopted by Silicon Valley unicorns, as stock market investors push back against some of the lofty price tags sought.On Monday, Pinterest Inc set a price range for its IPO that values it below the $12 billion at which the online image-search company sourced its last private fundraising in 2017.Uber operates in more than 70 countries. In addition to ride-hailing, its business includes bike and scooter rentals, freight hauling, food delivery, and an expensive self-driving car division. During the IPO roadshow, Uber's chief executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, will be tasked with convincing investors that he has successfully changed the company’s culture and business practices after a series of embarrassing scandals over the last two years.Those have included sexual harassment allegations, a massive data breach that was concealed from regulators, use of illicit software to evade authorities and allegations of bribery overseas.Uber last year had revenue of $11.3 billion, while gross bookings from rides was $50 billion. But the company lost $3.3 billion, excluding gains from the sale of its overseas business units in Russia and Southeast Asia. (Reporting by Joshua Franklin and Carl O'Donnell in New York; Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)(Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc has decided it will seek to sell around $10 billion worth of stock in its initial public offering, and will make public the registration of the offering on Thursday, people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.An IPO of this size would make Uber one of the biggest technology IPOs of all time, and the largest since that of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd in 2014.Uber is seeking a valuation of between $90 billion and $100 billion, influenced by the poor performance of smaller rival Lyft Inc's shares following its IPO late last month, the sources said. Investment bankers previously told Uber it could be worth as much as $120 billion.Uber most recently was valued at $76 billion in the private fundraising market.Most of the shares sold would be issued by the company, while a smaller portion would be owned by Uber investors cashing out, one of the sources said. Uber plans to make its IPO registration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission publicly available on Thursday, and will kick of its investor roadshow during the week of April 29, putting it on track to price its IPO and begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange in early May, the sources said. The sources cautioned that the plans are still subject to change and market conditions, and asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential.A representative for Uber declined to comment. Lyft's IPO priced at the top end of its upwardly revised range last month, assigning it a valuation of more than $24 billion in an offering that raised $2.34 billion. But the stock has traded poorly since debuting on the Nasdaq on March 29, as concerns about the startup's path to profitability have become more prominent. The shares ended trading on Tuesday at $67.44, well below their $72 IPO price.In moderating its valuation expectations, Uber is showing a realism that is being increasingly adopted by Silicon Valley unicorns, as stock market investors push back against some of the lofty price tags sought.On Monday, Pinterest Inc set a price range for its IPO that values it below the $12 billion at which the online image-search company sourced its last private fundraising in 2017.Uber operates in more than 70 countries. In addition to ride-hailing, its business includes bike and scooter rentals, freight hauling, food delivery, and an expensive self-driving car division. During the IPO roadshow, Uber's chief executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, will be tasked with convincing investors that he has successfully changed the company’s culture and business practices after a series of embarrassing scandals over the last two years.Those have included sexual harassment allegations, a massive data breach that was concealed from regulators, use of illicit software to evade authorities and allegations of bribery overseas.Uber last year had revenue of $11.3 billion, while gross bookings from rides was $50 billion. But the company lost $3.3 billion, excluding gains from the sale of its overseas business units in Russia and Southeast Asia. (Reporting by Joshua Franklin and Carl O'Donnell in New York; Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)NEW YORK — Clothing retailer J. Crew Group Inc. says it's considering a potential initial public offering for its successful Madewell brand.The announcement Thursday comes after the struggling company completed a review of the options for its business.It says a Madewell IPO, if pursued, could be completed as early as the second half of this year.Separately, it named Michael Nicholson, president and chief operating officer, interim CEO of J. Crew Group Inc. Retail veteran Mickey Drexler led J. Crew for more than a decade, helping it become a coveted fashion brand before it hit a multi-year sales slump. He severed his last ties with the company in January.The news comes as some fashion companies are trying to capitalize on a burgeoning IPO market. Denim giant Levi Strauss & Co. returned to the public market in March as it stages a comeback even as it faces increasing competition and a changing retail landscape.Some fashion companies are also looking to split up their businesses. Gap Inc. said in late February that it plans to split into two independent publicly traded companies — low-priced juggernaut Old Navy and a yet-to-be named company, which will consist of the iconic Gap brand, Banana Republic and the lesser known Athleta, Intermix and Hill City. Last year, VF Corp. said it will be splitting its denim business anchored by Lee and Wrangler jeans into an independently traded company.J. Crew recently began to add a wider variety of styles as a way to turn around its business. Meanwhile, Madewell has done well with its classic, quality clothing. In its latest fiscal year ended Feb. 2, J. Crew sales fell 4% while Madewell's sales soared 26%.(Reuters) - U.S. retirement plan administrator Principal Financial Group said on Tuesday it would buy Wells Fargo & Co's retirement plan services business for $1.2 billion, as it seeks a larger presence in markets serving mid-sized companies.The move, first revealed last month by Reuters, marks the latest divestment from Wells Fargo, which has been streamlining its business as it grapples with the fallout of customer abuse scandals.Combining the Wells Fargo and Principal businesses will create one of the largest U.S. retirement services providers, with 7.5 million customers, the companies said in separate statements announcing the deal.The agreement also includes a provision for payments worth up to $150 million from Principal to Wells Fargo that are tied to exceeding revenue retention targets. These would be triggered two years after closing, which is likely in the third quarter, Principal Financial said."Principal will gain a strong foothold with mid-sized employers as more than two-thirds of Wells Fargo's institutional retirement assets are in plans ranging from $10 million to $1 billion," the company said. https://reut.rs/2uRbzQ2The deal, to be financed with cash and between $400 million and $500 million of debt, will add to Principal's net income and adjusted earnings per share in 2020. The company said in a separate presentation that its share buybacks would be suspended, resuming no later than the first quarter of 2020.The buyback news weighed on Principal's stock, which was 2.5 percent lower in afternoon trading on Nasdaq. Wells was down 1.4 percent.Once the unit is fully integrated in 2022, Principal said it could see annual net revenue of around $425 million, and pre-tax return on net revenue of 28 percent to 32 percent.The Des Moines, Iowa-based company will take over Wells' contribution, benefit, executive deferred compensation, employee stock ownership plans, institutional trust and custody and institutional asset advisory businesses.Wells Fargo has been looking to trim its business since it came under regulatory scrutiny following a sales practice scandal. In 2018, the Federal Reserve slapped it with an unprecedented asset cap, citing "widespread consumer abuses and compliance breakdowns."The bank is scheduled to announce its first-quarter results on Friday. Lazard is the financial adviser to Principal, while Debevoise & Plimpton provided legal counsel. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP served as Wells Fargo’s legal adviser. (Reporting By Aparajita Saxena in Bengaluru and David French in New York; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila, Shailesh Kuber and Dan Grebler)BERLIN — Europe's largest technology company SAP aims to more than double its market value to between 250 billion euros and 300 billion euros ($282-$338 billion) by 2023, Chief Executive Bill McDermott told a German newspaper.McDermott said SAP's market capitalisation had increased to 140 billion euros (£120.7 billion) from 45 billion euros since his tenure as CEO began in 2010."Measured on the market valuation of pure cloud service providers, we have potential in our portfolio for a further 90 billion euros in market value," he told Thursday's edition of Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung newspaper."By 2023 we plan to increase the market capitalisation to 250 to 300 billion euros," he said.SAP is in the middle of a restructuring plan, announced in January, that includes 4,400 layoffs, as McDermott seeks to transform the company into a digital platform business.The restructuring has lead to a string of high-profile departures with extensive know-how in recent weeks.Shares in SAP have fallen 5 percent over the past week off a six-month high of 104.88 euros set on April 4. It currently has a market capitalisation of 122.35 billion euros ($138 billion), making it Germany's most valuable company.But it lags arch-rival Oracle, which has a market worth of $184.45 billion, and is far behind some of the leading cloud service providers, including Microsoft which has a value of $922 billion.McDermott has promised to treble the size of the cloud business by 2023, bringing total revenues at SAP to 35 billion euros, as it competes with the likes of Oracle and Salesforce.com.He told the paper the restructuring would allow SAP to move people to growth areas, such as its business with artificial intelligence or the Internet of Things."In addition, we are putting every single business unit under scrutiny," he said. (Reporting by Caroline Copley; Editing by Rashmi Aich)Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them.__________Uber and Lyft have competed for riders and drivers across North America. They raced each other to go public. They even filed paperwork for their initial public offerings with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the same day late last year.Now that Lyft is publicly traded and Uber’s own initial public offering is approaching, they’re also going to be competing for stock investors.[Uber is losing $1.8 billion a year, its I.P.O. filing reveals.]By most measures, Uber is much bigger and has a more diverse revenue stream.It is the world’s biggest ride-sharing company, with operations in 63 countries. Its revenue comes not just from ride-sharing but from Uber Eats, its food delivery business, as well as from its trucking business and bike and scooter sharing. By comparison, Lyft operates in the United States and Canada and generates almost all its revenue from its ride-hailing service.Lyft, though, appears to be growing more quickly.Here are four charts, based on company filings, that show how the two companies stack up.BookingsBookings are the revenue generated from rides. Lyft excludes taxes, tolls and tips, while Uber excludes tips. Uber’s bookings include what it charges for its food delivery service and other businesses.Not surprisingly, then, Lyft’s bookings are significantly lower that Uber’s, but they are growing faster.Lyft’s bookings surpassed $8 billion in 2018, 76 percent more than the previous year. Uber increased its bookings to $50 billion last year, up 45 percent from 2017.RevenueAt Lyft and Uber, revenue is the portion of bookings that goes to the companies — or, essentially, bookings minus what the drivers were paid.Revenue at both companies increased quickly in 2018, though faster at Lyft.Last year, Lyft’s revenue more than doubled from the previous year, to $2.16 billion. That was still far less than what its rival generated last year. Uber’s revenue hit $11.3 billion, a 43 percent increase.Perhaps worrisome for potential investors, Uber’s revenue growth slowed as last year progressed. In the third and fourth quarters, Uber’s revenue increased 38 percent and 25 percent from a year earlier. Lyft’s revenue for those quarters rose 93 percent and 94 percent.Earnings (Losses)Both companies are racking up big losses. In this case, Lyft’s faster pace is not a good thing.Lyft reported a loss of $911 million last year, up from $688 million in 2017. Uber earned $997 million last year, much better than its $4 billion loss in 2017, but that profit included income from the sale of some assets. After backing out those one-time items, Uber lost $1.8 billion last year.Costs and ExpensesThe ride-hailing business is inherently expensive. Both Lyft and Uber are spending heavily to recruit drivers and attract riders. They are also making big investments in new businesses such as autonomous driving and bike sharing.Lyft might be expanding its revenue faster than Uber, but it’s also increasing its spending at a rapid clip to catch up to its competitor.Lyft’s total costs and expenses were $3.1 billion in 2018, up 77 percent from $1.8 billion in 2017. Uber’s topped $14 billion last year, a 19 percent increase from 2017.TOKYO — Sony Corp shares surged more than 9 percent on Tuesday after a Reuters report saying Third Point LLC was again raising its stake in the Japanese conglomerate stoked speculation that fund owner Daniel Loeb was preparing to agitate for more change.Third Point, which has about $14.5 billion (£11 billion) in assets under management, is raising a dedicated investment vehicle targeting $500 million to $1 billion in capital to buy Sony shares, people familiar with the matter said.A Sony spokesman declined to comment on the report.Sony shares rallied 9.3 percent to a one-month high in Tokyo trade, recovering from a slump last month triggered by concern that its turnaround of recent years had lost momentum.The electronics and entertainment conglomerate had a market value of 6.7 trillion yen ($60 billion) at Tokyo's Tuesday close.The move would be Third Point's second campaign for change at Sony in six years, coming as investors look for the company's next profit pillar amid signs its gaming business is slowing and as its PlayStation 4 console nears the end of its lifecycle.Third Point wants Sony to explore options for some of its business units, including its movie studio, which the fund believes has attracted takeover interest, the sources said.Sony Chief Executive Kenichiro Yoshida sees movies, music and other intellectual property as central to stable revenue growth, having battled years of losses in consumer goods such as television sets that are more susceptible to price competition."I don't think a sale of the pictures business is an option for Sony now because entertainment content is becoming crucial for the company," Ace Securities analyst Hideki Yasuda said, pointing out synergies seen in the success of action game Marvel's Spider-Man and the related movie series."The profit margin at Sony's pictures business is thinner than rivals, but that's a result of past management decisions, including the sale of rights to Spider-Man merchandise."The business is on track to recover from a series of short-term measures that cost the company long-term profit, Yasuda said.Sony forecasts its pictures segment to report 50 billion yen in operating profit for the year ended March, less than a tenth of the estimated 870 billion yen profit for the entire company.Sony has recently downsized or exited several television channels within the pictures segment to cut costs, while scoring blockbuster hits such as 'Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle' and 'Venom'.Third Point last exited a stake in Sony in 2014 with a roughly 20 percent gain on its investment after spending a year and a half pushing for Sony to spin off its entertainment division, a call rejected by Yoshida's predecessor, Kazuo Hirai. (Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by Stephen Coates and Christopher Cushing)HONG KONG — News outlet Caixin Media Company Ltd, founded by one of China's most respected journalists, Hu Shuli, is seeking to raise up to $200 million (152.9 million pounds) in its latest funding round to finance growth, said two people with direct knowledge of the matter. The Beijing-based firm is looking to raise $100 million to $200 million with a target valuation of about $500 million prior to the funding round, said one of the people. Caixin, backed by tech giant Tencent Holdings Ltd and investment firm China Media Capital (CMC), plans to primarily use the proceeds to develop business-related technologies and finance expansion, said the second person.The dollar fundraising comes as Caixin, which has mostly raised yuan-denominated capital, looks to go public overseas in the coming two to three years, with Hong Kong the preferred listing venue, the person said.The people declined to be identified as the matter was private. Caixin declined to comment.Caixin, with its eponymous flagship magazine, has grown from a pure business publication to a comprehensive, influential media group in the world's second-largest economy. It mainly provides Chinese corporate, political and financial news and analysis, as well as publishing business data and indices, including the Caixin/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index.Hu, widely seen as outspoken and well connected, established Caixin in 2009 after leaving her post as editor-in-chief at another well-known business publication, Caijing, where she had a high-profile tussle https://www.reuters.com/article/china-caijing-idUSPEK30961320091013 for control with the latter's owners.Under Hu's leadership, Caixin has attracted a devoted following among the country's policy makers, business leaders and academics. It also brought in CMC chief Li Ruigang, a Chinese media mogul, as its chairman following CMC's 2013 investment.China has seen rapid growth in the media industry in recent years, with its gross market value expected to reach 3 trillion yuan ($447 billion) by 2020, showed a report by Tsinghua University. The industry, however, has faced various challenges ranging from media censorship, copyright violation and disruption from non-traditional players such as news aggregator Toutiao.In 2017, Caixin became China's first mainstream media outlet to introduce a pay wall subscription model for its digital products, as part of efforts to protect content from copyright infringement and boost revenue.Its Chinese-language website has page views and unique visitors of 130 million and 50 million per month, respectively, said one of the sources.Last year, overseas English-language arm Caixin Global and private equity firm CITIC Capital bought financial information provider Global Markets Intelligence Division for $180.5 million. (Reporting by Julie Zhu; Additional reporting by Shu Zhang; Editing by Christopher Cushing)NEW YORK — James Forese, president and chief executive officer of Citigroup Inc's> institutional clients business, which contributed two-third's of the bank's profits last year, is retiring, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters.This would be the biggest departure from the executive team at the third largest U.S. bank since consumer banking head Manuel Medina-Mora left three years ago. The division fell short of some annual targets in 2018 and Forese was the only executive on the operating committee not to receive a raise for the year, according a recent filing. Citi said Forese, 56, decided to retire after 34 years at the company. He has told acquaintances he was frustrated and unhappy, sources told Reuters.Forese was the second highest earner at Citi after CEO Michael Corbat. His unit, which includes treasury services, the investment bank, corporate lending and capital markets, delivered 50 percent of revenues and more than two-thirds of profits to the bank last year. Forese, who began overseeing the business in 2011, will be replaced by Paco Ybarra, global head of markets and securities services."Jamie has played a critical role in cultivating a client-centric mindset across the firm and driving tangible changes to make it easier for our clients to do business with us,” Chief Executive Mike Corbat said in the memo. Ybarra will take over the division on May 1. Forese will stay through the summer to help with the transition. Forese spent his entire career at Citi. He came to the bank through Salomon Brothers, which he joined in 1985, and cut his teeth in the securities trading business, eventually working his way up to become head of the markets division.Forese sought to make the business more efficient by focusing on clients who benefited most from Citi's global structure and expertise, reducing the group's client total to under 14,000 from over 32,000. He also allocated more resources to emerging markets, which became a source of rapid, steady growth.Ybarra joined Citi in Spain as a management associate. He rose through the ranks, with stints in Mexico, New York, and Singapore where he focused on emerging markets. In his most recent role, Ybarra was based out of London.As deputy, Ybarra was focused on capital allocation and technology. He will oversee a recently restructured investment bank. In September, Citi merged its investment banking operations with its capital markets origination unit.The CEO of its Asia Pacific region, Francisco Aristeguieta, will leave the company later this month to pursue an external opportunity, Citi said. Chief Operating Officer for Citibank NA, Carey Lathrop, and the global head of G10 rates, markets, treasury and finance, Andy Morton, become co-heads of markets and securities services, filling Ybarra’s spot. (Reporting by Imani Moise and Aparajita Saxena; Editing by Shailesh Kuber and Jeffrey Benkoe)TOKYO — Sony Corp shares surged more than 7 percent on Tuesday after a Reuters report saying Third Point LLC was again raising its stake in the Japanese conglomerate stoked speculation that fund owner Daniel Loeb was preparing to agitate for more change.Third Point, which has about $14.5 billion in assets under management, is raising a dedicated investment vehicle targeting $500 million to $1 billion in capital to buy Sony shares, people familiar with the matter said.A Sony spokesman declined to comment on the report.Sony shares rallied to a three-week high at the start of Tokyo trade, recovering from a slump last month triggered by concern that its turnaround of recent years had lost momentum.The electronics and entertainment conglomerate had a market value of 6.1 trillion yen ($55 billion) at Tokyo's Monday close.The move would be Third Point's second campaign for change at Sony in six years, coming as investors look for the company's next profit pillar amid signs its gaming business is slowing and as its PlayStation 4 console nears the end of its lifecycle.Third Point wants Sony to explore options for some of its business units, including its movie studio, which the fund believes has attracted takeover interest, the sources said.Sony Chief Executive Kenichiro Yoshida sees movies, music and other intellectual property as central to stable revenue growth, having battled years of losses in consumer goods such as television sets that are more susceptible to price competition."I don't think a sale of the pictures business is an option for Sony now because entertainment content is becoming crucial for the company," Ace Securities analyst Hideki Yasuda said, pointing out synergies seen in the success of action game Marvel's Spider-Man and the related movie series."The profit margin at Sony's pictures business is thinner than rivals, but that's a result of past management decisions, including the sale of rights to Spider-Man merchandise."The business is on track to recover from a series of short-term measures that cost the company long-term profit, Yasuda said.Sony forecasts its pictures segment to report 50 billion yen ($450 million) in operating profit for the year ended March, less than a tenth of the estimated 870 billion yen profit for the entire company.Sony has recently downsized or exited several television channels within the pictures segment to cut costs, while scoring blockbuster hits such as 'Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle' and 'Venom'.Third Point last exited a stake in Sony in 2014 with a roughly 20 percent gain on its investment after spending a year and a half pushing for Sony to spin off its entertainment division, a call rejected by Yoshida's predecessor, Kazuo Hirai. (Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by Stephen Coates and Christopher Cushing)Michael Petrovitch is planning to sell Puerto Rican food at a new market on Manhattan’s Lower East Side close to where he was born, and he couldn’t be more excited. Mr. Petrovitch has agreed to take 310 square feet of space at the Market Line, a marketplace of global foods that is expected to open in June as part of Essex Crossing, a $1.6 billion mixed-use development at Essex and Delancey Streets. He and his daughter Lillian will be serving roast pork sandwiches, plantains and other Puerto Rican specialties alongside Chinese fishmongers, German sausage makers and other vendors that have been selected for the quality of their food and the size of their locally based businesses.“When Market Line saw my request to be a vendor, they immediately jumped on board with me,” said Mr. Petrovitch, 54, who works in the music industry. “I’m opening up a business in the neighborhood where I have lived for 50-plus years, and I feel that I’m very lucky.”Vendors like Mr. Petrovitch are essential to plans by the developer, Delancey Street Associates, to create a market populated by small, local businesses rather than chains or franchises. The project seeks to evoke the teeming environment of immigrants and pushcarts that characterized the Lower East Side starting in the 19th century.“It’s really just an evolution,” said Rohan Mehra, principal of the Prusik Group, one of the partners on the project. “We’re not trying to do something new here, we’re just trying to reflect what has been, transitioning through history.”At 1.65 million square feet, Essex Crossing is one of the largest developments in the city. After tenements on the site were razed in 1967, it sat empty for decades while city officials, community representatives, developers and lawmakers fought over its future. In 2013, plans were finally announced for a development that would include a mix of commercial space, luxury condominiums and affordable housing. Other features include a senior center, a museum, a public park, a bowling alley and a multiplex. Delancey Street Associates is an alliance that three builders — Taconic Investment Partners, L&M Development Partners and BFC Partners — formed to build the commercial and residential properties. Goldman Sachs and the Prusik Group are also partners in the Essex Crossing project. Three months before the market’s planned opening, 25 of the 30 vendor slots in the first phase of a larger plan have been taken. Almost 80 percent are owned by women, minorities or first-generation immigrants, consistent with the developers’ aims.The developers have attracted small businesses to the marketplace in part by providing services like trash collection, air-conditioning and shared bathrooms without charging separately for any of them, cutting tenants’ costs and allowing them to focus on their food and their customers.The services have allowed entrepreneurs like Mr. Petrovitch to open a business in a city where start-up costs can be prohibitive.Mr. Petrovitch said he could not have afforded to open a regular retail space in Manhattan. He briefly considered a site on Houston Street where he would have paid $150,000 upfront for a five-year lease, and would then have had to pay to renovate the space.At the Market Line, he is paying for kitchen equipment, a city licensing fee and some aesthetic touches for his new space, but he will not have to worry about major construction like building walls or drop ceilings.When the new businesses open, they will join 21 existing vendors from the adjacent Essex Street Market, a city-run site that was set up in 1940 by the administration of Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia to take pushcarts off the streets. The Essex Street vendors are expected to move to the ground floor of the new market site this spring, while the new businesses will occupy the lower level.Megha Chopra, assistant vice president of New York’s Economic Development Corporation, predicted that the combined market would attract regular Essex Street customers as well as new shoppers and tourists drawn by the new businesses.“We have our own customer base that was nurtured and cultivated over the years, and a lot of those people will still come to Essex,” Ms. Chopra said. “With this development, there will also be a lot of New York City tourists or international tourists. There will be this incremental customer base coming through the market.”The first phase of the Market Line is nearly complete. In the next phase, the space will be extended beneath two new office buildings, and the full market is expected to open in late 2020.When fully occupied, the market will have more than 140 vendors, including new and existing tenants. The completed market will be a 150,000-square-foot space below ground that will also include galleries, art shops and a beer hall.A few floors above, construction is proceeding on office space that will total 350,000 square feet in the two buildings. The first is expected to be complete in the summer of 2020, and the second about six months later.The Essex Crossing project will also include 1,079 apartments, of which 152 will be condominiums. Half of the rental units will be affordable.Charles R. Bendit, a co-chief executive of Taconic Investment Partners, said the new offices would provide large open spaces — floor plates range from 35,000 square feet to 52,000 square feet — that are designed to facilitate collaboration in the workplace.The offices will avoid the siloed approach to corporate space that characterized earlier generations. “Today, it’s a much more collaborative, social experience,” he said.Mr. Bendit said he expected the office space to rent in the “high $90s” per square foot. And he predicted it would attract employers that want to hire young people looking to work in an environment with access to good transit service and closer links to the community rather than a more corporate location like Midtown Manhattan.The integration of Essex Crossing with its neighborhood is consistent with the aims of the Essex Crossing Task Force, a panel of community board members, elected officials and former site tenants that was set up to guide the development after decades of disagreement over what to do with the empty site.The task force wanted to protect current vendors in Essex Street Market while providing incubator space for new local businesses, said Gigi Li, a former chairwoman of the community board. It also blocked “big box” stores by denying any business that would take more than 30,000 square feet, she said.“Because the scale of this development was so large, we didn’t want it to become a large retail corridor,” she said. “We wanted something that would fit the very residential nature of the neighborhood.” Fernando Ruiz, a local entrepreneur, wanted to add a restaurant to his wholesale and retail operation, Tortilleria Nixtamal, which makes fresh tortillas in two locations in Corona, Queens. Expanding to the Market Line helped him meet that goal. Mr. Ruiz said he could not have afforded to open his own store in Manhattan, but the assistance provided in the Market Line allowed him to do business there. He will be paying $12,000 a month for 600 square feet in the new space, which he hopes will become his flagship store.His move is the result of the approach by Delancey Street Associates, which decided that his business would be a good fit for the new market.“They said, ‘We want you to pick this up and move it to Manhattan,’” Mr. Ruiz said. “I’m really proud that they picked us.”The United States economy is still humming, if the performance of some of the country’s biggest banks is any indication.JPMorgan Chase and PNC Financial Services Group both reported strong performances on Friday for the first three months of 2019, including revenue that was higher than Wall Street analysts had expected. The banks’ results suggested that events like the government shutdown in January and President Trump’s trade war with China had little impact on large swaths of American businesses and consumers.JPMorgan said its revenue from providing banking services to consumers and businesses was 15 percent higher than a year earlier. The growth stemmed in part from the bank’s credit card business.The economy’s growth “could go on for years,” JPMorgan’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon, said on a conference call Friday. “There’s no law that says it has to stop.”PNC, a large regional bank based in Pittsburgh, also reported lending more to both consumers and businesses in the first quarter.“We remain confident about the strength of the economy,” said PNC’s chief executive, William S. Demchak.Other major banks — including Bank of America and Citigroup — will report their quarterly performances early next week, which will provide an additional barometer of the country’s economic growth.Ross Levine, a banking and finance professor at the University of California, Berkeley, cautioned against drawing too many economic conclusions from the bank’s rosy finances. He said the potentially negative impact of things like the trade war with China “might not have materialized yet in earnings.”Wells Fargo also surprised analysts on Friday with higher-than-expected earnings. But the bank achieved the results by cutting costs, while lending in many parts of its business declined. Wells Fargo is still grappling with its long run of misconduct, which led regulators to prohibit the bank from expanding until it cleaned up its act. Last month, the continued problems led to the abrupt resignation of the bank’s chief executive, Timothy J. Sloan.Wells Fargo’s chief financial officer, John R. Shrewsberry, told Wall Street analysts on Friday that the bank had been getting rid of riskier loans, which partly explained the decline in lending volumes.JPMorgan’s stock price rose nearly 5 percent on Friday, while PNC’s was up 3 percent. Wells Fargo shares were down more than 2 percent.As the country’s largest bank, JPMorgan in many ways provides the clearest snapshot of the health of the United States economy. The bank has $956 billion in outstanding consumer and wholesale loans, up from $934 billion a year ago.That growth was consistent with Federal Reserve data this week that showed that consumers were continuing to borrow more, in particular through increased credit card spending. Greater reliance on credit cards and other debt can be a sign of financial stress, but Fed officials and JPMorgan executives greeted the increased borrowing as a sign of consumer confidence.One blemish in JPMorgan’s results was in its investment-banking division. The bank’s revenue from the buying and selling of stocks, bonds and other assets declined 17 percent from a year earlier, which JPMorgan attributed in part to the shutdown of the federal government.The game of thrones at NBCUniversal has begun.The company on Monday announced a series of executive changes that could set the stage for the next generation of leaders at a media empire that includes the NBC broadcast network; Universal Film Studios; and cable channels such as Bravo and MSNBC, which has seen a ratings surge during the Trump administration.Stephen B. Burke, the chief executive, streamlined the management structure by putting Jeff Shell in charge of Hollywood operations, including the international business and Telemundo, and having Mark Lazarus oversee the broadcast network, the news division, the cable networks and the sports group.Bonnie Hammer, 68, the longtime head of the company’s profitable cable portfolio, has been put in charge of an advertising-supported streaming service that was announced Monday and is expected to debut early next year. It will compete with new stand-alone streaming products from the Walt Disney Company and AT&T’s WarnerMedia, as well as entrenched players like Netflix and Hulu. Disney’s and WarnerMedia’s products are expected to debut at the end of this year.Many in the industry interpreted the moves as Mr. Burke’s positioning a showdown between Mr. Lazarus and Mr. Shell to be his possible successor. Effectively, Mr. Burke, 60, has set up an East Coast and West Coast divide: Mr. Lazarus will control much of the company from NBC’s operations in New York and Stamford, Conn., and Mr. Shell will take over the Hollywood assets from Burbank, Calif.“Mark and Jeff, I think, are two of the most capable people in the entertainment business,” Mr. Burke said in an interview in his offices at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in Manhattan. “Everyone has been very supportive of each other. It was just time.”As for what the moves mean for Mr. Burke’s future, he added, “I’m not going anywhere.”Mr. Burke was appointed the head of NBCUniversal in 2011 after Comcast completed its acquisition of the media giant. At the time, over 20 executives reported directly to him. The latest changes will bring that number down to 12.“We can move faster now,” he said.Mr. Lazarus, 55, has been the head of NBC Sports since 2011, when he replaced Dick Ebersol. He will now oversee NBC News, MSNBC and the moneymaking cable portfolio that includes Bravo, USA and the E! network. Andrew Lack, the NBC News chairman, will report to Mr. Lazarus.Mr. Shell, 53, will continue to oversee the film division and also have control of NBC Entertainment as well as the international division and Telemundo. The NBC Entertainment co-chairmen Paul Telegdy and George Cheeks, who replaced Robert Greenblatt in September, will report to Mr. Shell. Before coming to NBC Universal in 2013, Mr. Shell was an executive in Comcast’s programming group.The move to streaming will be a big one for Ms. Hammer, who joined Universal three decades ago. She has overseen many of NBC’s profitable cable properties for several years, and is one of the most powerful women in television.Mr. Burke said that he had considered executives from outside the ranks to run the streaming business, but that Ms. Hammer was “the right person.”“She didn’t hesitate,” he added.She will be joined by two executives from Sky, the British pay-TV operator that Comcast won in a bidding war with Disney last year. Sky is primarily known as a satellite broadcaster, but it has developed a robust streaming service that runs across several European territories. NBCUniversal hopes to take advantage of their experience.Jumping into streaming has become the go-to strategy for established media businesses. Disney bought most of Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox business with the idea that it would start selling shows and films directly to consumers. AT&T bought Time Warner for the same purpose. As more people cut their cable subscriptions, streaming services are taking a share of that business.But NBCUniversal is taking a two-sided approach that aims to keep the cable business intact. The ad-supported product will be free to anyone who has a cable or satellite account, but for cord cutters there will be a pay option.NEW YORK/FRANKFURT — German stock exchange operator Deutsche Boerse AG said on Wednesday that it is in “concrete negotiations” with data provider Refinitiv about the potential acquisition of certain foreign exchange business units.The statement came after Reuters reported that Deutsche Boerse was in talks to buy FXall, a foreign exchange electronic trading platform owned by Refinitiv, for about $3.5 billion (£2.7 billion), citing people familiar with the matter."The negotiations and assessments of a potential transaction are ongoing," Deutsche Boerse said in a statement.However, it said that "the purchase price of $3.5 billion and the imminent signing of binding contracts mentioned in the market speculations are entirely unfounded." Should a deal be consummated, it would further diversify Deutsche Boerse's business beyond stock trading, while enabling Refinitiv to trim its debt pile following its acquisition last year by a consortium led by Blackstone Group LP in a $20-billion leveraged buyout.Refinitiv did not immediately respond to a request for comment.FXall has more than 2,300 institutional clients that are trading foreign exchange on its platform, offering more than 500 different currency pairs through methods including on-the-spot trading, forward and option contracts, according to its website.Deutsche Boerse, operator of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, has been seeking new avenues for growth, as the profitability of facilitating trades is eroded by new digital rivals and the rise of passive investment funds that track indices.On Tuesday, Deutsche Boerse announced it would buy risk management software provider Axioma for $850 million, with plans to merge it with its existing index business to create a new analytics firm.Deutsche Boerse's global head of FX, Carlo Koelzer, was quoted by the Handelsblatt business daily on April 1 saying that the firm would be interested in buying FXall, should it ever come up for sale.Blackstone acquired a 55 percent stake in Refinitiv last year from information provider Thomson Reuters Corp, the parent of Reuters News. Thomson Reuters retains a 45 percent stake in Refinitiv, which provides financial information, security pricing, analytics, risk management and compliance support tools. Refinitiv took on $13.5 billion in debt as part of its leveraged buyout, according to Moody's Investors Service Inc. (Reporting by David French in New York and Andreas Framke and Arno Schuetze in Frankfurt; Additional reporting by Rama Venkat in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Leslie Adler)DETROIT — Ford CEO Jim Hackett is hoping for balance and stability in what is now an unstable tariff environment.Hackett says businesses want equilibrium on tariffs, and President Donald Trump is working hard on that as his administration negotiates trade deals. Trump has threatened to slap tariffs on imported autos, singling out China, Europe and recently Mexico.The Ford CEO told the Detroit Economic Club Tuesday that trade with the U.S. is one-sided and needs to be modernized. He expects to see the matter resolved this year.Hackett also says Ford will be ready for the next recession as it restructures to make its business more fit. The company is currently shifting away from sedans in the U.S. and cutting thousands of white-collar jobs.BRUSSELS — The European Commission said on Friday it had approved Japanese firm Nidec's planned purchase of U.S. white goods maker Whirlpool Corp's compressor subsidiary Embraco, subject to conditions.Nidec, a Japanese electric motor manufacturer, agreed a year ago to buy Brazil-based Embraco for an enterprise value of $1.08 billion.The Commission said that the deal as notified would have reduced competition and resulted in higher prices given that Nidec and Embraco were close competitors.The Commission said it was satisfied with Nidec's subsequent commitments to divest its refrigeration compressor business for both household and light commercial applicationsIt also committed to make available to the purchaser of this divested business significant funding for future investments in the production lines in Austria and Slovakia.  (Reporting by Philip Blenkinsop; editing by Foo Yun Chee)CHICAGO — U.S. grain trader Archer Daniels Midland Co said on Wednesday it will seek voluntary early retirements by some North American employees and may eliminate individual jobs as part of a restructuring of specific areas.The actions are needed to strengthen ADM's core business and establish the company as a global leader in nutrition, the company said in a statement.ADM makes money trading, processing and transporting crops, such as corn, soybeans and wheat. It competes against other merchants in the so-called "ABCD" group of traders, which also includes Bunge Ltd, Cargill Inc and Louis Dreyfus Co.Such companies have been rattled by the trade war between Washington and Beijing, which has reduced shipments of American farm products to China. In recent years, a global glut of crops also hurt agricultural companies and accelerated consolidation in the sector.The voluntary early retirements are among a range of actions ADM is taking between now and June 30 to improve productivity, growth and service to customers, according to the company. In response to questions from Reuters, company spokeswoman Jackie Anderson declined to say how many employees were being targeted for retirement. "Contrary to rumors, we are not considering a sale of our grain handling business," she said.ADM expects the number of workers whose jobs are eliminated to be a very small percentage of its global workforce, Anderson said. The company, which had 31,600 full-time employees as of Dec. 31, will try to find other roles for those workers, she said. Chicago-based ADM said it will be realigning its "organization worldwide as we further streamline and standardize processes, implement new technologies and eliminate overlap in roles and responsibilities."The company has been trying to sell two U.S. dry ethanol mills since 2016. ADM Chief Executive Juan Luciano told Reuters in January the company was pursuing growth in its nutrition business through smaller acquisitions and potential joint ventures in agricultural processing and other areas.The company's nutrition unit manufactures, sells and distributes natural flavor ingredients and other specialty products. The segment posted an operating profit of $339 million last year, compared to $546 million for its origination business, which includes grain handling.ADM last month warned that flooding and severe winter weather in the U.S. Midwest would trim its first-quarter operating profit by $50 million to $60 million.The company is due to report earnings on April 26. (Reporting by Tom Polansek; editing by Tom Brown and G Crosse)MOSCOW — Russian investigators have asked a court in Moscow to free detained U.S. investor Michael Calvey from custody at a hearing later this week and to place him under house arrest instead, the court said on Wednesday. The detention in February of Calvey, founder of the Baring Vostok private equity group, on embezzlement charges which he denies, has rattled some foreign investors and politicians in Russia, who said it had a chilling effect on the business climate. Russian courts agree in most cases with prosecutors' recommendations about whether suspects should be detained before trial, so there is a strong possibility Calvey will be allowed out of jail on Thursday. The court said in a statement that investigators had submitted documents ahead of court hearings on Thursday in which they asked for Calvey and another detained suspect, Alexey Kordichev, to be put under house arrest. That is a U-turn by investigators, who brought the charges against Calvey and his co-accused and had initially asked the court to hold them in detention pending trial. They are in a pre-trial detention facility in Moscow. "We also look forward to similar (calls) being made regarding Michael and Alexey's four colleagues," Baring Vostok said in a statement welcoming the move by investigators. Calvey, who was detained along with several other executives, has said the case is being used to apply pressure on him in a business dispute over a Russian bank in which he is a shareholder.Moscow's Basmanny district court on Tuesday extended by three months the detention of another suspect in the case, French national Philippe Delpal, at the request of prosecutors. A hearing is scheduled for Thursday at the same court to decide on whether Calvey's detention should be extended.Several prominent Russian businessmen and officials have said that locking Calvey up in pre-trial detention was an unnecessarily tough measure and that his treatment by authorities was too harsh."The investment and business communities welcome the call by the Investigative Committee...to ease the restrictive measures against... Michael Calvey," Kirill Dmitriev, head of Russia's sovereign wealth fund, said. Boris Titov, presidential commissioner for entrepreneurs' rights, said last month that he and other business associations were working to try to get Calvey freed on bail.The Kremlin has said President Vladimir Putin does not plan to intervene in the case and that investigators should be allowed to do their job. (Additional reporting by Maria Kiselyova, Gabrielle Tétrault-Farber and Andrey Ostroukh; Editing by Christian Lowe)