WASHINGTON — The number of Americans filing applications for unemployment benefits dropped to a 49-1/2-year low last week, pointing to sustained labor market strength that could assuage fears the economy was rapidly losing momentum.Other data on Thursday showed producer prices increased by the most in five months in March amid a surge in the cost of gasoline. But underlying producer prices remained soft, the latest indication of tame inflation pressures that strengthen the Federal Reserve's decision to suspend further interest rate increases this year despite a tight labor market."The economy's wheels continue to turn and any thought that growth was going to stop has to be reassessed," said Chris Rupkey, chief economist at MUFG in New York. "Fed officials are on the sidelines awaiting confirmation of what to do next."Initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell 8,000 to a seasonally adjusted 196,000 for the week ended April 6, the Labor Department said. That was the lowest level since October 1969, when the size of the labor market was about half of what it is now. Claims have declined for four straight weeks. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast claims rising to 211,000 in the latest week. The four-week moving average of initial claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, fell 7,000 to 207,000 last week, the lowest level since December 1969.The labor market's strength should allay worries of an abrupt slowdown in economic growth, which gained traction after the U.S. Treasury yield curve briefly inverted in late March.The economy lost speed at the turn of the year, reflecting fading stimulus from a $1.5 trillion tax cut package, trade tensions between China and the United States and weak global growth. Data, including retail sales and the trade deficit, have improved, raising the possibility that the anticipated slowdown in growth in the first quarter will not be steep.Goldman Sachs is forecasting gross domestic product rising at a 1.6% annualized rate in the first quarter. The economy grew at a 2.2% pace in the October-December period.Job growth in the first quarter averaged 180,000 per month, well above the roughly 100,000 needed to keep up with growth in the working-age population. At 3.8%, the unemployment rate is near the 3.7% Fed officials project it will be by the end of the year. U.S. Treasury prices fell, while the dollar was little changed against a basket of currencies. Stocks on Wall Street were trading marginally higher.WEAK CORE INFLATIONIn a second report on Thursday, the Labor Department said its producer price index for final demand rose 0.6% in March, the largest increase since last October, after edging up 0.1% in February.In the 12 months through March, the PPI rose 2.2% after advancing 1.9% in the 12 months through February. Economists had forecast the PPI climbing 0.3% in March and increasing 1.9% on a year-on-year basis.A key gauge of underlying producer price pressures that excludes food, energy and trade services was unchanged last month after ticking up 0.1% in February. The so-called core PPI increased 2.0% in the 12 months through March. That was the smallest annual increase since August 2017 and followed a 2.3% rise in February.Data on Wednesday showed consumer prices rose by the most in 14 months in March, driven by more expensive gasoline. But core inflation remained muted amid a plunge in the cost of apparel."The recent consumer and producer price data don't point to any major acceleration or deceleration in inflation," said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland, Pennsylvania. "Therefore, the Fed will feel no economic pressure to do anything."Minutes of the Fed's March 19-20 policy meeting published on Wednesday described inflation as "muted," though officials expected it to rise to or near the U.S. central bank's 2% target. The Fed's preferred inflation measure, the core personal consumption expenditures (PCE) price index, is currently at 1.8%.The minutes showed some Fed officials believed the tame price pressures could be the result of low inflation expectations and also an indication that there was still slack in the labor market despite the very low unemployment rate. Last month, gasoline prices shot up 16.0%, the most since August 2009. Gasoline accounted for over 60% of the 1.% rise in goods prices last month. Goods prices increased 0.4% in February. Prices for healthcare services fell 0.2% last month after rising 0.3% in February. The cost of hospital outpatient services fell by the most since July 2014. Those healthcare costs feed into the core PCE price index and suggested weaker inflation readings in February and March."We look for moderation (in the core PCE price index) to 1.70% in February and 1.60% in March," said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York.The Commerce Department will publish February and March PCE price data later this month. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao and Dan Grebler)Stocks came very close to entering a bear market on Christmas Eve, which was a very bad thing. Just about everybody said so.Yet the bear-market label is based on a dangerously unscientific understanding of stock markets. It is dangerous because the designation itself can set off a negative popular narrative that may, in itself, help to fuel a bigger market decline.What happened in December? By Dec. 24, the S&P 500 had fallen 19.8 percent from its peak of September 2018.That was just short of the “traditional” 20 percent slide that many say defines a bear market. It has been strongly up since then, but still remains down substantially from that peak.This tradition doesn’t amount to much, though. I discovered, through digital search, that the practice of using precise definitions for down markets — denoting a “correction” as a 10 percent decline from a peak and a “bear market” as a 20 percent decline — is only a little over 30 years old. It dates back to the mid-1980s.People have spoken loosely of bear markets for more than a hundred years, but they didn’t generally attach a 20 percent definition to them.You might think that the precise identification of a bear market occurred because that 20 percent threshold is intrinsically important — because, for example, there are many times when stock market declines stop at around 20 percent.But, actually, that is not a frequent occurrence. In this century, since 2000, there have been exactly two S&P 500 declines of 20 percent from the market peak — and both of them continued much further, for a net decline of around 50 percent.The first such decline started in 2000. The S&P 500 peaked on March 24 of that year but by March 12, 2001, it had declined 20 percent, and newspapers duly called the situation a bear market.Sometimes the wording suggested that the market was nearing its bottom. Writers didn’t know the decline was over, but evidently felt comfortable joking about it: “Bear Country Good Territory for Stock Hunting,” one headline said.That lighthearted approach was unfortunate because the S&P 500 turned out to be less than halfway through its decline. Ultimately, from its 2000 peak it dropped 49.1 percent through Oct. 9, 2002, before turning up. In real terms, correcting for inflation, that was more than a 50 percent price drop from peak to trough.Then there was the stock market of the Great Recession. The S&P 500 peaked on Oct. 9, 2007. It became a bear market, having declined over 20 percent, on July 11, 2008.There were lots of bear jokes that July, with suggestions that the start of a bear market signaled the end of a process: “Stop Worrying and Learn to Love the Bear,” was the headline of a Wall Street Journal article then. Still, the market kept going down, and bottomed on March 9, 2009, after losing 56.7 percent of its peak value.Those two episodes tell us something important: The start of a bear market doesn’t mean much. From a historical perspective, it is clear that a 20 percent decline does not predict further market movements with any certainty.That may not have been obvious between 1980 and 1990, when the 20 percent definition of a bear market first became established, because there were then two fairly recent 20 percent declines from S&P 500 peaks that did not precede sharper falls.On March 3, 1982, after dropping 21.1 percent from a Nov. 28, 1980, peak and entering what we would now call bear market territory, the S&P 500 fell only 6 percent further. And after a one-day S&P 500 decline of 20.5 percent on Oct. 19, 1987, the index fell only 0.4 percent further to a trough on Dec. 4, 1987.In short, the mere diagnosis of a bear market doesn’t seem to carry much weight for forecasting future price drops.Yet let’s not dismiss the effects of a bear market declaration too soon. Simply by announcing that we have entered a bear market and repeating that claim in the echo chamber of social media, the designation itself might create psychological unease that could make for market volatility.Popular labels carry emotional content. If the declarations of bear markets are charged with negativity, bull markets are fraught with symbolic and patriotic feelings.Consider the “Charging Bull” sculpture, symbolizing the bull market vigor of the financial markets, by Arturo Di Modica. It was first installed in 1989 in the aftermath of the 1987 stock market crash, in Bowling Green in the financial district of New York.The initial installation of the bull statue caught the popular imagination. It was the second time, according to Google Ngrams, that “bull” and “bear” were really widely used (the first time being in the boom of the 1920s and the 1929 crash).The statue may be the second most famous sculpture in New York, after the Statue of Liberty, and tourists flock to take selfies with it. It is a symbol of much more than a market direction. According to the sculptor, the statue also symbolizes  “the strength and power of the American people.” It has become an icon of national identity, patriotism and animal spirits.By the same token, the notion that a bear market may be around the corner can be profoundly disruptive. The near-miss diagnosis of a “bear market” on Christmas Eve 2018 seemed to have struck fear and disorientation in many investors, like an inconclusive lab test for a dread disease, making people vulnerable to more pessimistic feelings.Of course, some people may have interpreted the near miss as a clean bill of health, perhaps even a buying opportunity, depending on circumstances and on the narratives they choose to believe.Narratives matter in the stock market, which is, in many ways, a social-psychological barometer. Whether people are exulting about a bull market or running from a bear, volatile emotions are involved. In the next round in the stock market, we will see who outnumbers whom.Five years ago, the classic car market had just completed a turnaround that left even seasoned observers surprised by its speed. The deep recession that began in 2007 had dealt the same initial blow to vintage car prices that it did to the Dow and to the real estate market.The downturn erased four or five years’ worth of gains for collectible cars, by many estimates. But by 2014, most had fully recouped their pre-recession values, and the market has maintained an even keel.There are some signs, however, that the good times may be coming to an end. A mix of factors is at play, including demographics, changes to tax laws and general uncertainty.For auctions in 2018 and early 2019, the sell-through rate (the percentage of cars meeting reserve and selling) for million-dollar-plus cars has dropped about 20 percent from the previous year, according to Hagerty, a classic-car insurer in Michigan. That’s the lowest rate since Hagerty started tracking the statistic in 2008.The wealthiest and most discriminating collectors may simply be taking a pass on the current offerings, or “it may be a sign that the savviest collectors are sensing a change in the tone of the market,” said Brian Rabold, vice president for valuation at Hagerty.If the recent crop of cars isn’t persuading elite collectors to raise their paddles, the question then becomes why aren’t more owners of blue-chip cars selling them?Cam Ingram, a collector and restorer in North Carolina, pointed to last year’s changes in Section 1031 of the tax code, which had allowed the capital gains tax on a sale to be deferred if the proceeds were used to buy another collectible — artwork, say, or cars.“One factor that few people are acknowledging at the moment is the effect of the loss of 1031 exchanges,” Mr. Ingram said. “Top collectors were able to strategically play with positions in their collections to avoid realizing taxes on gains. Now they have to be far more disciplined. The change in the law is affecting both supply and demand.”With the economy still running strong, he added, few top collectors are in a position where they need to sell to free up cash.Both Mr. Ingram and Michael Sheehan, a dealer-broker of vintage Ferraris in Southern California, acknowledged the perception among top collectors that now might be the time to hold the best of the best. When those cars do sell, they often do so off the radar and at still very robust prices, they said. Private sales have always taken place among elite collectors, but now comparatively few big private sales are the exception to the general rule that the top of the market is cooling off.Demographics, too, are influencing this market.“Every day, I get the same calls: Guy dies, his kids don’t want the cars, and they want me to sell them. Or it’s knee surgery, hip surgery or prostate cancer and the owner simply can’t enjoy the car anymore,” Mr. Sheehan said.What Mr. Sheehan describes is most likely the vanguard of a wave of baby boomers getting out of the market, and nobody seems to have a clear idea of what comes next.When the classic-car market rebounded after the recession, it was still boomer-driven, and the very top end came back first, in 2011, according to Hagerty data.“The stock market was still in a slump, and cars were being talked about as one of the few asset classes where good returns could be had,” Mr. Ingram said. “By the next year, the middle of the market (cars costing between $250,000 and $1 million) returned to health, and the year after that, the entry level got active again.”If there is a shift now, it’s still in its early days, and the market may be mirroring its resurgence from 2011 to 2013. The broad entry level continues to be robust, according to Mr. Ingram and Mr. Rabold, while the top end is sluggish, a possible leading indicator of a general slump.The United States economy is in its longest period of growth on record, and most observers predict a downturn reasonably soon. That would certainly affect the classic-car market. But it’s the demographic shift, combined with the potential for another 2008-like crash, that seems to worry the keenest market-watchers the most.“Several things are in play here,” Mr. Sheehan said. “There’s general uncertainty and concern about things like the world economy and Brexit. The boomers are leaving the market in droves.“Younger people can’t drive a stick shift,” he added, “and they can’t afford the cars at the level that the boomers have driven the prices to — they’re busy paying record money for housing, education debt and health care.”At the moment, the market seems to be in a holding pattern.“Gen-Xers and millennials are still priced out of the market,” Mr. Sheehan said. “The last time that the market corrected, in 2008, it turned around quickly after it became apparent that the recession wouldn’t turn into a depression. Baby boomer money was still in play, and it quickly drove prices back to pre-correction levels.”That may not happen again. “The boomers aren’t going to be around to prop the market back up after the next one,” Mr. Sheehan said.What it all means is debatable. Mr. Ingram and Mr. Sheehan both believe that some form of correction is inevitable as baby boomers complete their exit from the market over the next 10 to 15 years. Their cars aren’t going to disappear, but their ability to spend will.“How Gen-Xers and millennials will value those cars,” Mr. Ingram said, “is the $64,000 question.”Once again, the Federal Reserve has upended markets.Investors had been bracing for the Fed to keep raising interest rates and shrinking its vast portfolio of assets, the equivalent of tapping on the brakes of the United States economy. But this year, the central bank has signaled that it was backing off.Much has been written about the stock market’s joyful reaction to the Fed’s altered approach. But the impact was much broader than that. The central bank’s shift cascaded through markets around the world in ways large and small. Here’s a look at the consequences of the Fed’s new tone.StocksThe Fed’s change of heart helped halt and partly reverse December’s brutal stock sell-off. On Dec. 24, the S&P 500 was down nearly 20 percent from its recent high. After the Fed chairman, Jerome Powell, began on Jan. 4 to espouse the virtues of patience and flexibility, the market turned sharply higher. The S&P 500 is now up about 15 percent from its nadir in December. Stocks of companies that are sensitive to changes in interest rates have climbed at especially speedy clips. Shares of homebuilders, for example, are up more than 17 percent since the market low in December. That suggests the Fed’s shift has been a big reason for the market’s recent pop. “I think the Fed’s turnaround has been vital to the recovery that we’ve seen in equity markets,” said Tony Roth, chief investment officer at the wealth management firm Wilmington Trust. BondsIn December, stress started to build in the market for corporate bonds. Investors balked at putting money in anything other than super-safe government bonds. One sign of this was a widening of “credits spreads” — the difference between the relatively low yields on government bonds and the relatively high yields on corporate bonds. Since Jan. 4, when the Fed’s swivel began, those credit spreads have fallen sharply. That is largely because the yields on corporate bonds have declined, while those on government debt have barely budged. A big reason for the drop in corporate bond yields is that investors have greater confidence in the United States economy and the ability of American companies to remain financially healthy.Currencies One way to think about the short-term interest rates that the Fed sets is that they are the rates at which investors — or even people with savings accounts or certificates of deposits — get paid for holding American dollars. When the Fed raises rates, and other central banks don’t, those higher United States rates attract capital from around the world. The influx of money pushes up the value of the dollar relative to other currencies. Last year, as the Fed raised interest rates four times and appeared ready to continue in 2019, the dollar rose about 10 percent relative to the euro and other major currencies. The rising value of the dollar has big implications. It makes American manufactured goods more expensive, and therefore less competitive, on the world market. It depresses the overseas earnings of American companies when they get converted back into dollars. And it reduces the prices of commodities, many of which are priced in dollars on global markets. (All else being equal, if the dollar’s value rises, you need fewer dollars to buy the same barrel of oil or ton of iron ore.) The rise in the value of the dollar, along with a supply glut in the world’s oil market, helped push crude oil prices down by more than 40 percent from October to the end of December.When the Fed signaled that it was backing off further rate increases, that slowed the upward momentum of the dollar. In fact, it appeared to put a ceiling on the dollar’s rise, at least for now. That, in turn, is likely to help American companies and strengthen commodity prices. Crude oil prices are up 16 percent in 2019.Emerging MarketsA weaker dollar is also a boon to emerging markets, whose economies often rely on exporting commodities and borrowing money from foreign investors. The weak dollar helps on both counts. With higher commodity prices, it becomes easier for commodity-producing countries and companies to pay off loans, which foreign investors often require to be repaid in dollars. This is a reversal of the 2018 trend, in which the strong dollar provoked a run on emerging markets like Turkey and Argentina, causing the value of their currencies to drop. Money now is flooding back to those developing economies, propelling stock markets in Turkey, Russia and Brazil.The FutureThe question is how durable this relief rally will prove. Even with the Fed’s pro-economic-growth stance, there are plenty of remaining risks to the global economy — and therefore to financial markets. Chief among those is the possibility that huge economies in China, Japan and Germany sputter.“The Fed has applied a Band-Aid onto a broken arm,” said Frances Donald, head of macroeconomic strategy at asset manager Manulife in Toronto. “This is enough to give us a moment to alleviate our worst concerns. But it doesn’t solve the underlying problem, which is a sizable growth slowdown.”ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. — Casino profits fell by more than 15% in Atlantic City in 2018, a year in which the downsized market reopened two shuttered gambling halls.The result was a decrease in gross operating profit of 15.4% for the year, to $582 million.Five of Atlantic City's 12 casinos closed between 2014 and 2016, and the market appeared to have stabilized at a smaller level with less competition. But the reopening in June of Revel as the Ocean Resort Casino and the Trump Taj Mahal as the Hard Rock put two new competitors back into the mix.Of the seven casinos that had been operating at the start of last year, five of them saw lower gross operating profits.Only Tropicana and Golden Nugget increased profits last year.A year ago, in the wake of President Trump’s tax cut, euphoric investors pushed the Dow Jones industrial average past 25,000, a record. The Dow had just gained 25 percent in 2017, and the Nasdaq had leapt 28 percent. Volatility was so low that there wasn’t a single day in 2017 when the S&P 500 fluctuated more than 2 percent.Not everyone was celebrating.“If there are any certainties, one will be that this party will eventually come to an end,” James Stack, president of InvesTech Research, told me a year ago. “And when it ends, it will end badly, and with high volatility.”Mr. Stack turned out to be right. He lowered his recommended asset allocation for United States stocks from 82 percent last January to 72 percent in September, when stocks hit new all-time highs. He urged investors to raise cash in October, and at the end of November he recommended an even more defensive posture — including putting money in a fund whose value would rise when stock prices dropped. That brought his recommended net exposure to stocks to just 55 percent, the lowest since the depths of the last bear market in early 2009.Stocks plunged in December, posting their worst monthly loss since the financial crisis and the worst December since 1931 and the Great Depression.Yet most economic indicators are benign. Unemployment is an exceptionally low 3.7 percent. Wages are rising. Inflation remains below the Federal Reserve’s 2 percent target. The Fed raised rates a quarter point in December, citing “a very healthy economy.”Given Mr. Stack’s track record last year, I reached out to him this week for his current views. Even though valuations have come down and macroeconomic indicators “have remained remarkably strong,” he said, he’s still defensive and hasn’t changed his bearish allocation. He believes that the worst isn’t over and that the Dow and S&P 500 will soon be down 20 percent from their peaks, retreating into a bear market. (The Nasdaq Composite and the Wilshire 2000 index of small-cap stocks are already there.)And that was before a revenue warning from Apple sent markets into another steep fall on Thursday.“A lesson from history is that the market leads the economy by a lot longer than investors realize,” Mr. Stack said. If the economy is headed toward recession, as the latest stock market declines suggest it may be, “we won’t see the first economic warning signs until the first three to five months” of 2019. Among the leading indicators he’s watching for signs of weakness are consumer confidence, housing starts and unemployment claims.On Thursday, the Institute for Supply Management manufacturing index, a leading indicator of industrial activity, fell sharply. That suggests that “serious cracks” are starting to appear in the economy, Mr. Stack said.Mr. Stack is right that bear markets typically precede recessions by many months: CNBC calculated in 2016 that bear markets since World War II had begun on average about eight months before a recession. That means that if a bear market did begin after major indexes peaked last fall, a recession might not start until June or even later. Even then, recessions are often over before economic data confirms their existence.That’s when bear markets are, in fact, followed by recessions, which often isn’t the case. As the economist Paul Samuelson famously said, “The stock market has forecast nine of the last five recessions.”Since World War II, there have been 13 bear markets. They were followed within a year by a recession just seven times. As a predictor of recessions with just 54 percent accuracy, bear markets are little better than flipping a coin.Indeed, Mr. Stack’s data show that two or more down years in a row are quite rare: There have been only four instances since 1928, suggesting that stocks may well be in positive territory by the end of 2019, even if a bear market does materialize in the meantime.Which is one reason the Wharton economist Jeremy Siegel told me that he’s bullish on the stock market this year. He predicts it could rise between 5 percent and 15 percent, even if there is an economic slowdown.Stocks are much cheaper now than they were before the December sell-off. The ratio between stock prices and projected earnings for companies in the S&P 500 is about 17, down from over 19 a year ago and the lowest in the past five years.[Stocks rose Friday after the release of a strong December jobs report and comments by the chairman of the Federal Reserve that the central bank would be flexible on raising interest rates this year.]Mr. Stack, however, argued that in the event of an economic downturn — or even a significant slowdown — “those projected earnings will go out the window.”“I would not call today’s market undervalued,” he added.Mr. Siegel bases his forecast of a market rally on the belief that the Fed will stop raising short-term interest rates. “I think the Fed got the message from the markets that it should not have hiked in December,” he said.Mr. Stack, too, said he was surprised the Fed raised rates in December. “I think the Fed will stand down and put future rate increases on hold,” he said, “which could stabilize the market, at least for the time being.”But Mr. Stack’s technical indicators are still pointing toward a bear market. He’s also worried about the shaky housing market, with price drops and slowing sales showing up in major cities.“We’re not trying to time the market, but we’re very comfortable with our defensive allocation,” he said. Although he predicted higher volatility a year ago, he was nonetheless surprised by the extremes reached in December, without even “a single hard warning sign of recession on the horizon.”“Can you imagine,” he asked, “how volatile it will be when we do have those warnings?”LONDON — Following are five big themes likely to dominate thinking of investors and traders in the coming week and the Reuters stories related to them.1/BRACE, BRACEThe focus is on the hotly anticipated U.S. results: First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to fall 2.5 percent on the year in what would be the first quarterly decline since 2016. But revenue is expected to rise 4.8 percent.Those earnings will be crucial to see if the bull market can keep running. Some have argued the Federal Reserve's patience on rate increases this year as well as stock buybacks will add fuel to the S&P's rally. Also boosting the S&P 500 Index are the recent performance of the banks and financials, which had suffered more than the broader market in the fourth quarter, when recession fears scared investors away.First out of the blocks was JPMorgan, which reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit as higher interest income and gains in its advisory and debt underwriting business offset weakness in trading.Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are all scheduled to release their results in days to come. Large banks have indicated that muted capital market activity at the start of the year caused by sluggish trading volumes will be a drag on overall results. Financials are expected to deliver 1.8 percent earnings growth, according to I/B/E/S Refinitiv.Share performance may boil down to valuation. For the next 12 months, Goldman Sachs appears the cheapest, with investors paying $8.30 for every dollar in expected earnings, compared with $11.80 for Bank of New York Mellon. The former is the worst-performing stock over the last two years among U.S. banks.- JPMorgan profit tops estimates on higher interest income - Wall Street bull run hinges on earnings- PREVIEW-For first time in a decade, U.S. companies could report lower profits on higher revenue- JPMorgan's Dimon urges infrastructure, mortgage reform to spur U.S. growth(Graphic: First-Quarter Earnings , https://tmsnrt.rs/2D73sU4)2/ARE YOU OK?April manufacturing activity data will give a glimpse of the economic health of the United States and the euro zone. Chinese GDP data will provide an update on the health of the world's second-largest economy.Dismal March PMIs for the United States and euro zone sent shivers through markets. They were taken as ominous signs for the global economy as international trade tensions hurt factory output.But robust factory data from Beijing offered hope that efforts to shore up China's economy are kicking in, which injected further fuel to the global equity rally.The IHS Markit flash Purchasing Managers' Index due on April 18 should indicate if that optimism was justified -- and if stocks have further upward momentum. China's first-quarter GDP data is out on April 17.Many investors say low expectations for first-quarter earnings, dovish central bank policies and hopes for Chinese stimulus and a trade truce between Washington and Beijing are largely priced into equity markets. With all that baked in and investors still scrambling for consensus on what happens over the rest of 2019, there's a lot riding on that data. - Euro zone business growth worse than expected in March -PMI- China March factory activity grows for first time in 4 months, but exports weak - In foreboding sign for U.S. economy, factory sector softens (Graphic: PMI services, https://tmsnrt.rs/2X3sX04)(Graphic: PMI manufacturing, https://tmsnrt.rs/2VEEWR9)3/TRY-ING TIMES For all the relief in emerging markets that the Federal Reserve doesn't expect to raise interest rates anytime soon and that commodity prices are hot again, there are still the troublesome twosome: The Turkish lira and Argentine peso.The peso has slumped to fresh lows in the past 10 days, although the International Monetary Fund's unlocking a $10.8 billion tranche of funds helped the battered currency to regain some of its footing.Meanwhile, nine weeks of losses in the last 10 have the lira sliding back towards six to the dollar, the level that set alarm bells ringing last year.Ankara's economic reform plans -- announced on Wednesday -- failed to impress markets and investor meetings with Finance Minister Berat Albayrak at the IMF and World Bank spring meetings did little to change that. Ankara's row with Washington over plans to buy a Russian missile defence system and declines in its FX reserves have only added to the concern of investors still smarting from last month's pre-election move to temporarily freeze the London lira market. - BREAKINGVIEWS-Argentina's Macri may yet survive his own policies- Turkey's Albayrak leaves investors unconvinced in Washington -sources - POLL-Turkey's economy to contract in 2019, longer recession ahead (Graphic: Lira volatility, https://tmsnrt.rs/2X4U1vO)4/POLLS, PINS AND NEEDLESThe world's largest and third-largest democracies are going to the polls. Indonesia holds parliamentary and presidential elections on April 17. India's elections are spread over seven phases and 39 days.Both countries face similar issues around anti-incumbency and flailing economic growth. Betting on continuity, investors have pumped money into their markets, driving up bonds and stocks.Polls in Indonesia suggest President Joko Widodo, or Jokowi, who faces his opponent from 2014 once again, will not only win re-election but will also emerge with a stronger coalition. Indonesian markets have also always scored well in election years.So it's India that investors should be sweating over. Even if the February tensions with neighbour Pakistan have given Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his coalition an edge, the risks are that he will lose his majority and may cobble together a new partnership that could slow down reforms. - FACTBOX-Campaign promises in Indonesia's presidential election- Big turnout for India's giant election, where Modi has an edge- POLL-Rupee bulls dig in as investors grapple with elections across Asia(Graphic: JKSE in election years, https://tmsnrt.rs/2CFzUMY)5/TRUNCATED TRADINGIt's the start truncated trading - the first of four consecutive shortened trading weeks, as a series of public holidays in Europe begins with Easter. Japanese markets will also be closed for a string of holidays in late April.The truncated weeks come just as volatility in financial markets has slumped. In equities, the VIX, known as the "fear index", is close to its lowest levels since October. Foreign exchange price swings have fallen to their lowest for several years, according to the Deutsche Bank Currency Volatility Index.Even the British pound, long the vent for Brexit-related angst, has turned increasingly calm -- and traders are not expecting many big moves for sterling in the months ahead after this week's six-month Brexit delay.Caught between mixed economic data releases of recent weeks, a postponement to figuring out how Britain will extricate itself from the European Union until as late as October and elusive progress in the Sino-U.S. trade war have left markets treading water.But with fewer traders at their desks on fewer days, the rest of April will see heightened risks of a spike in volatility, or even flash crashes, should a surprise hit markets just as calmness descends.- Six-month Brexit delay sends sterling into doldrums- GRAPHIC-Forex traders fret as sleepy markets slow to calmest in years- LIVE MARKETS U.S.-When volatility vanishes (Graphic: Market volatility, https://tmsnrt.rs/2DaIljM) (Reporting by Karin Strohecker, Tommy Wilkes and Marc Jones in London, Jennifer Ablan in New York, Vidya Ranganathan in Singapore; editing by Larry King)AMSTERDAM — More than 40 licenses were issued in 2018 to businesses moving to Amsterdam from London due to Britain's departure from the European Union, the Dutch financial markets regulator said on Thursday.In its 2018 annual report the AFM said it had held discussions with 150 companies and expects 30 to 40 percent of the European stock and bond market to move to the Netherlands in the event of Brexit.European leaders agreed during emergency negotiations in Brussels overnight to give Britain six more months to prepare for its departure from 27-member bloc. Dozens of trading firms were among those to apply for licenses, Reuters has reported, resulting in a permanent shift away from London. The AFM did not name the parties that received licenses."Brexit had a major impact on financial markets in 2018 and the role of the Financial Market Regulator (AFM)," it said in a statement. "The organization and the ICT infrastructure is prepared for up to 14 times more trading volumes." (Reporting by Anthony Deutsch; Editing by David Holmes)JOHANNESBURG/NAIROBI — At the edge of Nairobi's Ngong Forest, thousands of used cars glitter in the hot sun on a dusty field, waiting for buyers. Imported from Japan or the Middle East, they offer an affordable route to vehicle ownership in Kenya and have dominated the market for decades. That is an obstacle big carmakers must overcome if they are to crack Africa, a market promising rapid growth as trade tensions threaten sales elsewhere. African consumers also still need conventional engines just as demand in more traditional markets is curbed by restrictions on carbon emissions.Volkswagen, BMW, Toyota, Nissan and others have joined forces to lobby governments for steps that would reduce the imports that have made sub-Saharan Africa notoriously difficult terrain and allow local production to flourish. "The question on Africa isn't, 'Is it a market of the future?'" Mike Whitfield, Nissan's top executive for Africa, told Reuters. "It's a case of when." Four years after forming the Association of African Automotive Manufacturers (AAAM) their efforts are starting to bear fruit. Carmakers that set up local assembly plants could get tax holidays of up to 10 years and duty exemptions in Nigeria, Kenya and Ghana, according to government plans seen by Reuters. Thomas Schaefer, who heads Volkswagen's Africa business, said there is a potential market in sub-Saharan Africa for 3 to 4 million new cars, up from just 420,000 in 2017. But that will require addressing the well-entrenched interests of second-hand car dealers, smugglers and lowering the price of new cars. "It will largely depend on how successful the African governments are in limiting the amounts of second-hand imports and how price-competitive new vehicles can be with their tariffs," said Craig Parker, Africa research director at Frost & Sullivan, a U.S.-based market research firm. MULTIPLYING EFFECTSAfrica's population and household incomes are rising rapidly. But its 1 billion inhabitants account for only 1 percent of the world's new passenger car sales, industry data shows. South Africans bought over 85 percent of those vehicles. The AAAM identified Kenya, Nigeria and Ghana as potential manufacturing hubs and helped draft legislation setting up standards and incentives.Details of governments' plans provided to Reuters demonstrate that African nations are keen to secure a spot as a beachhead for the industry. Nigeria and Ghana are preparing to offer automakers tax holidays of up to 10 years and duty-free imports of parts and components used in local assembly. Nigeria also plans to double the levy on new, fully-built imported vehicles to 70 percent to boost demand for locally produced cars, though the policy's approval has been delayed. In Kenya, automakers will pay no import or excise duties and get a 50-percent corporate tax break. For African nations facing massive demographic pressures, such concessions make sense if they create jobs, said Jelani Aliyu, of Nigeria's National Automotive Design and Development Council. "The multiplying effects are exponential," said Aliyu, who foresees supporting industries developing around the plants. Legislative and fiscal frameworks are being finalised, but companies are already investing millions of dollars in new plants. VW and Nissan have set up operations in Nigeria, Kenya and Ghana or have pledged to do so. Honda and Peugeot have launched assembly plants in Nigeria, and Peugeot has done the same in Kenya. Carmakers sorely need the business. Their South African divisions, which typically direct operations elsewhere on the continent, face stagnating domestic sales and scant growth prospects in their main export market, Europe. A chaotic Brexit or U.S. tariff hikes could further dampen sales.Toyota South Africa's chief executive Andrew Kirby said the strategy is: "Focus on Africa because Africa is going to grow significantly." A pivot to Africa could also help insulate automakers from the immediate effects of the electric vehicle revolution. The continent is ill-placed to join it at the moment due to the higher prices of EVs and unreliable power grids. Just 66 electric cars were sold last year in South Africa - the continent's most developed economy."Africa will most likely remain as the last bastion of internal combustion engines," Parker said. DISTORTED MARKETNevertheless, industry officials say the biggest hurdle to developing the market for new cars is dumping from countries such as Japan, where strict vehicle inspections force cars out of circulation after just a few years. They say this distorts the market by allowing dealers to buy the cars at scrap prices and export them to Africa.They blame the cheap imports for killing off assembly sectors in a number of African countries including Nigeria, which built around 150,000 cars per year until the 1980s.Political will is needed to change that, and without it there is little point in considering a country for local production, according to VW's Schaefer. "The markets ... are literally not functioning right now due to importation of used vehicles," he said.In Kenya, the government plans to wind down imports of cars more than three years old by 2021. Exceptions will be made for passenger vehicles with 1.5 litre or smaller engines. The policy could see mid-range imported models double in price, according to the 300-member Kenya Auto Bazaar Association (KABA). The lobby group has taken out ads in local newspapers denouncing the policy and is demanding a meeting with Kenya's president. Mark Oburu, KABA's vice-chairman, said the move would hit an industry that delivers 85 percent of Kenyan car purchases."The middle class will not be able to own a vehicle of their choice," he said. In the Nairobi bazaar, Grace was shopping for her eldest son's first car. She said she could not afford to buy a new one. "If they don't rescind that decision, we will be on boda bodas (motor-bikes)."Both Ghana and Nigeria have also pledged to tackle the issue. Nigeria hiked taxes on imported used cars in 2014, but smuggling has undermined that effort to boost demand for local production, according to manufacturers and government officials. Used cars are also among the leading imports in many African countries, and governments will have to wean themselves off the associated tax revenues.There are other stumbling blocks: access to financing is limited, and countries that don't host assembly plants must also be persuaded to limit used imports and reduce tariffs on African-made vehicles. That will be hard to do if the only outcome they see is higher sticker prices."The purpose is not to take the most lucrative slice of the industry," said Ghana's minister of trade and industry, Alan Kyerematen, suggesting that neighbours could produce components for his country's assembly plants. Auto executives acknowledge the challenges but point to a famous precedent. When VW and GM entered China in the 1980s and 90s, vehicle ownership rates were lower than in many African markets. Today, those two companies alone sell over 3.5 million vehicles annually in China. "Everybody was laughing, saying China doesn't need cars, they only need bicycles," Schaefer said.  (Joe Bavier and Emma Rumney reported in Johannesburg and Duncan Miriri in Nairobi; Additional reporting by Clement Uwiringiyimana in Kigali and Chijioke Ohuocha in Lagos; Editing by Alexandra Zavis and Anna Willard)JOHANNESBURG/NAIROBI — At the edge of Nairobi's Ngong Forest, thousands of used cars glitter in the hot sun on a dusty field, waiting for buyers. Imported from Japan or the Middle East, they offer an affordable route to vehicle ownership in Kenya and have dominated the market for decades. That is an obstacle big carmakers must overcome if they are to crack Africa, a market promising rapid growth as trade tensions threaten sales elsewhere. African consumers also still need conventional engines just as demand in more traditional markets is curbed by restrictions on carbon emissions.Volkswagen, BMW, Toyota, Nissan and others have joined forces to lobby governments for steps that would reduce the imports that have made sub-Saharan Africa notoriously difficult terrain and allow local production to flourish. "The question on Africa isn't, 'Is it a market of the future?'" Mike Whitfield, Nissan's top executive for Africa, told Reuters. "It's a case of when." Four years after forming the Association of African Automotive Manufacturers (AAAM) their efforts are starting to bear fruit. Carmakers that set up local assembly plants could get tax holidays of up to 10 years and duty exemptions in Nigeria, Kenya and Ghana, according to government plans seen by Reuters. Thomas Schaefer, who heads Volkswagen's Africa business, said there is a potential market in sub-Saharan Africa for 3 to 4 million new cars, up from just 420,000 in 2017. But that will require addressing the well-entrenched interests of second-hand car dealers, smugglers and lowering the price of new cars. "It will largely depend on how successful the African governments are in limiting the amounts of second-hand imports and how price-competitive new vehicles can be with their tariffs," said Craig Parker, Africa research director at Frost & Sullivan, a U.S.-based market research firm. MULTIPLYING EFFECTSAfrica's population and household incomes are rising rapidly. But its 1 billion inhabitants account for only 1 percent of the world's new passenger car sales, industry data shows. South Africans bought over 85 percent of those vehicles. The AAAM identified Kenya, Nigeria and Ghana as potential manufacturing hubs and helped draft legislation setting up standards and incentives.Details of governments' plans provided to Reuters demonstrate that African nations are keen to secure a spot as a beachhead for the industry. Nigeria and Ghana are preparing to offer automakers tax holidays of up to 10 years and duty-free imports of parts and components used in local assembly. Nigeria also plans to double the levy on new, fully-built imported vehicles to 70 percent to boost demand for locally produced cars, though the policy's approval has been delayed. In Kenya, automakers will pay no import or excise duties and get a 50-percent corporate tax break. For African nations facing massive demographic pressures, such concessions make sense if they create jobs, said Jelani Aliyu, of Nigeria's National Automotive Design and Development Council. "The multiplying effects are exponential," said Aliyu, who foresees supporting industries developing around the plants. Legislative and fiscal frameworks are being finalised, but companies are already investing millions of dollars in new plants. VW and Nissan have set up operations in Nigeria, Kenya and Ghana or have pledged to do so. Honda and Peugeot have launched assembly plants in Nigeria, and Peugeot has done the same in Kenya. Carmakers sorely need the business. Their South African divisions, which typically direct operations elsewhere on the continent, face stagnating domestic sales and scant growth prospects in their main export market, Europe. A chaotic Brexit or U.S. tariff hikes could further dampen sales.Toyota South Africa's chief executive Andrew Kirby said the strategy is: "Focus on Africa because Africa is going to grow significantly." A pivot to Africa could also help insulate automakers from the immediate effects of the electric vehicle revolution. The continent is ill-placed to join it at the moment due to the higher prices of EVs and unreliable power grids. Just 66 electric cars were sold last year in South Africa - the continent's most developed economy."Africa will most likely remain as the last bastion of internal combustion engines," Parker said. DISTORTED MARKETNevertheless, industry officials say the biggest hurdle to developing the market for new cars is dumping from countries such as Japan, where strict vehicle inspections force cars out of circulation after just a few years. They say this distorts the market by allowing dealers to buy the cars at scrap prices and export them to Africa.They blame the cheap imports for killing off assembly sectors in a number of African countries including Nigeria, which built around 150,000 cars per year until the 1980s.Political will is needed to change that, and without it there is little point in considering a country for local production, according to VW's Schaefer. "The markets ... are literally not functioning right now due to importation of used vehicles," he said.In Kenya, the government plans to wind down imports of cars more than three years old by 2021. Exceptions will be made for passenger vehicles with 1.5 litre or smaller engines. The policy could see mid-range imported models double in price, according to the 300-member Kenya Auto Bazaar Association (KABA). The lobby group has taken out ads in local newspapers denouncing the policy and is demanding a meeting with Kenya's president. Mark Oburu, KABA's vice-chairman, said the move would hit an industry that delivers 85 percent of Kenyan car purchases."The middle class will not be able to own a vehicle of their choice," he said. In the Nairobi bazaar, Grace was shopping for her eldest son's first car. She said she could not afford to buy a new one. "If they don't rescind that decision, we will be on boda bodas (motor-bikes)."Both Ghana and Nigeria have also pledged to tackle the issue. Nigeria hiked taxes on imported used cars in 2014, but smuggling has undermined that effort to boost demand for local production, according to manufacturers and government officials. Used cars are also among the leading imports in many African countries, and governments will have to wean themselves off the associated tax revenues.There are other stumbling blocks: access to financing is limited, and countries that don't host assembly plants must also be persuaded to limit used imports and reduce tariffs on African-made vehicles. That will be hard to do if the only outcome they see is higher sticker prices."The purpose is not to take the most lucrative slice of the industry," said Ghana's minister of trade and industry, Alan Kyerematen, suggesting that neighbours could produce components for his country's assembly plants. Auto executives acknowledge the challenges but point to a famous precedent. When VW and GM entered China in the 1980s and 90s, vehicle ownership rates were lower than in many African markets. Today, those two companies alone sell over 3.5 million vehicles annually in China. "Everybody was laughing, saying China doesn't need cars, they only need bicycles," Schaefer said.  (Joe Bavier and Emma Rumney reported in Johannesburg and Duncan Miriri in Nairobi; Additional reporting by Clement Uwiringiyimana in Kigali and Chijioke Ohuocha in Lagos; Editing by Alexandra Zavis and Anna Willard)WASHINGTON — Pursuing so-called 'euroclearability' can help some emerging market economies lower borrowing costs by over $13 billion (9.9 billion pounds) over 10 years while increasing their investor base, a report showed on Thursday.Euroclearability is seen as one of the last stages of capital market development, and would only benefit countries with relatively larger economies and local bond markets, Nick Forrest, who headed the report as director of financial services at PCW UK, told a conference on the sidelines of the spring meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank.The process of becoming 'euroclearable' - establishing a clearing and settlement link with Belgium-based Euroclear - involves high levels of transparency as well as specifics on size and structure of the debt to be issued, among other aspects.India, Brazil, Turkey, Indonesia, Philippines and Colombia could see their borrowing costs fall by an average of 28 basis points, in a range of 14-to-42 basis points, saving them over $13 billion over the next 10 years, according to the study by PWC for Euroclear.The drop in borrowing costs, the report said, is comparable to a one-notch upgrade from a credit ratings agency."This is extremely important to developing local markets" and a key benchmark for countries to reach, said Thordur Jonasson, who advises governments and agencies on domestic debt market development and risk management as deputy division chief at the IMF.But achieving the 'euroclearability' tag is not necessarily an objective of these emerging economies, but an added benefit of focussing on improving fundamentals.Cesar Arias, director of public credit and national treasury at Colombia's finance ministry, told Reuters the tag would be a bonus but his country's improved fundamentals have been the main reason behind a sharp lowering of borrowing costs.He said Colombia increased its foreign investors in local bonds from 4% to over 25% while lowering costs by nearly 300 basis points over the last four years."That was without euroclearability," he said.The study said corporate borrowing costs would also be reduced, though by a smaller amount, as there is typically a correlation between corporate debt and the sovereign's interest rates.The impact to corporate debt would be of 10-to-18 basis points, the report said. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Andrea Ricci)SHANGHAI/TOKYO — Not for the first time, China's markets are marching to their own beat.Just as investors come to terms with a bleak outlook for global growth and earnings, with weak German industrial and trade data just the latest portents of gloom, China's economy may be bottoming out, helped by Beijing's early moves to prop up a stuttering economy.At the same time, Chinese regulators' drive to open up financial markets to foreign involvement is making the country more accessible, and a potentially rich target for foreign investors looking to diversify."The more you see stabilisation of the Chinese growth story - and I think you'll see that coming through in the middle of the year - the more comfortable you'll be with looking at the debt and equity side of things in China," said Kerry Craig, Global Market Strategist at J.P. Morgan Asset Management in Melbourne.To be fair, global markets are having a good year. Index provider MSCI's broadest gauge of global shares is up more than 13 percent since January, erasing last year's losses even against the backdrop of the U.S.-China trade war and Brexit.But dovish shifts by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have in recent weeks sparked market jitters, pushing down bond yields and jolting equity indexes.China's markets have been comparatively unfazed. The blue-chip CSI300 index has risen more than a third so far this year, making it the world's best-performing major index.Yields on benchmark 10-year Chinese government bonds have also jumped in recent days alongside rallying shares as investors' appetite for the safest investments has ebbed.Faced with a slowing economy due in part to a multi-year campaign to reduce risky leverage and to headwinds from the trade war, Beijing began easing policy selectively last year, channelling more money into the real economy to boost growth.Tax cuts, infrastructure spending and pledges to boost lending and lower borrowing costs have helped revive stagnant credit growth, brightening the outlook for corporate earnings."With easing policies starting to have an impact on credit creation, credit growth should continue to pick up this year," Chen Long, China economist at Gavekal Dragonomics in Beijing, said in a note."It's clear that China's economy slowed further in the first quarter of 2019, but there's an increasingly strong consensus that growth will bottom out and improve later in the year."Chinese shares have also been bolstered by rising foreign interest.Net flows into China's stock market through the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Connect programmes topped 125 billion yuan (£14.3 billion) in the first quarter of 2019, nearly triple the same period a year earlier, data from Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Ltd showed.In February, the Institute for International Finance said foreign investors put more than $10 billion into Chinese onshore equities ahead of an announced rise in the weighting of A-shares in MSCI's benchmark indexes.BOND BOOSTGlobal index changes have extended beyond equities.On April 1, index provider Bloomberg Barclays began a 20-month process of including some Chinese government and policy bank bonds in its Global Aggregate index, a move expected to draw billions of foreign dollars into China's $13 trillion bond market.While initial flows tracking the index will be gradual, "at some point in time there will be an inflection point," said Dhiraj Bajaj, fixed income portfolio manager at Lombard Odier in Singapore.For active investors, Chinese bonds provide advantages to a diversified portfolio, including lower average durations and significant yield premiums.Frances Cheung, head of macro strategy for Asia at Westpac, said the yuan's relative stability could burnish the appeal of yuan-denominated assets to some investors."The RMB is less sensitive to risk sentiment than some of its regional peers including the IDR, KRW and MYR. The correlation between USD/CNY and Chinese government bonds is also low. These features render CNY bonds a good avenue for portfolio diversification, especially when initial exposure is low for many investors," she said.Data from Bond Connect, which gives foreign investors access to China's interbank market, shows trading volumes through the scheme jumped 70 percent, and the number of registered Bond Connect investors rose 41 percent, in the first quarter of 2019.Bond Connect says index inclusion has shifted the focus of trading towards government and policy bank bonds, which accounted for 66 percent of turnover in March, up from 37 percent in December.But following a year-long rally that pushed yields on 10-year Chinese government bonds down nearly a full percentage point from highs in late January 2018, some investors may be seeing less room for profit, said Bajaj.A lack of familiarity with Chinese bonds may also deter some foreign investors, while technical issues such as limited hedging tools and patchy trading of newly issued government bonds remain nagging concerns."I imagine a lot of investors in similar positions like myself have just kind of a lack of experience of the market that probably limits its global safe-haven flow," said Ross Hutchison, a global bond fund manager at Aberdeen Standard Investments in Edinburgh. "But that doesn't mean that won't change."Craig at J.P. Morgan said foreign investors should approach Chinese bonds with care. "We do know that the Chinese government has a large amount of debt. We have to think about the quality of what's backing up those bonds," he said.But if investors are comfortable with China's ability to contain debt, those concerns should ease, Craig added."We talk about the U.S. market being a safe haven, but U.S. debt is going to go up if they continue to spend at this rate," he said. (Reporting by Daniel Leussink and Andrew Galbraith; Additional reporting by Vidya Ranganathan in SINGAPORE; Editing by Lincoln Feast)SHANGHAI/TOKYO — Not for the first time, China's markets are marching to their own beat.Just as investors come to terms with a bleak outlook for global growth and earnings, with weak German industrial and trade data just the latest portents of gloom, China's economy may be bottoming out, helped by Beijing's early moves to prop up a stuttering economy.At the same time, Chinese regulators' drive to open up financial markets to foreign involvement is making the country more accessible, and a potentially rich target for foreign investors looking to diversify."The more you see stabilisation of the Chinese growth story - and I think you'll see that coming through in the middle of the year - the more comfortable you'll be with looking at the debt and equity side of things in China," said Kerry Craig, Global Market Strategist at J.P. Morgan Asset Management in Melbourne.To be fair, global markets are having a good year. Index provider MSCI's broadest gauge of global shares is up more than 13 percent since January, erasing last year's losses even against the backdrop of the U.S.-China trade war and Brexit.But dovish shifts by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have in recent weeks sparked market jitters, pushing down bond yields and jolting equity indexes.China's markets have been comparatively unfazed. The blue-chip CSI300 index has risen more than a third so far this year, making it the world's best-performing major index.Yields on benchmark 10-year Chinese government bonds have also jumped in recent days alongside rallying shares as investors' appetite for the safest investments has ebbed.Faced with a slowing economy due in part to a multi-year campaign to reduce risky leverage and to headwinds from the trade war, Beijing began easing policy selectively last year, channelling more money into the real economy to boost growth.Tax cuts, infrastructure spending and pledges to boost lending and lower borrowing costs have helped revive stagnant credit growth, brightening the outlook for corporate earnings."With easing policies starting to have an impact on credit creation, credit growth should continue to pick up this year," Chen Long, China economist at Gavekal Dragonomics in Beijing, said in a note."It's clear that China's economy slowed further in the first quarter of 2019, but there's an increasingly strong consensus that growth will bottom out and improve later in the year."Chinese shares have also been bolstered by rising foreign interest.Net flows into China's stock market through the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Connect programmes topped 125 billion yuan (£14.3 billion) in the first quarter of 2019, nearly triple the same period a year earlier, data from Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Ltd showed.In February, the Institute for International Finance said foreign investors put more than $10 billion into Chinese onshore equities ahead of an announced rise in the weighting of A-shares in MSCI's benchmark indexes.BOND BOOSTGlobal index changes have extended beyond equities.On April 1, index provider Bloomberg Barclays began a 20-month process of including some Chinese government and policy bank bonds in its Global Aggregate index, a move expected to draw billions of foreign dollars into China's $13 trillion bond market.While initial flows tracking the index will be gradual, "at some point in time there will be an inflection point," said Dhiraj Bajaj, fixed income portfolio manager at Lombard Odier in Singapore.For active investors, Chinese bonds provide advantages to a diversified portfolio, including lower average durations and significant yield premiums.Frances Cheung, head of macro strategy for Asia at Westpac, said the yuan's relative stability could burnish the appeal of yuan-denominated assets to some investors."The RMB is less sensitive to risk sentiment than some of its regional peers including the IDR, KRW and MYR. The correlation between USD/CNY and Chinese government bonds is also low. These features render CNY bonds a good avenue for portfolio diversification, especially when initial exposure is low for many investors," she said.Data from Bond Connect, which gives foreign investors access to China's interbank market, shows trading volumes through the scheme jumped 70 percent, and the number of registered Bond Connect investors rose 41 percent, in the first quarter of 2019.Bond Connect says index inclusion has shifted the focus of trading towards government and policy bank bonds, which accounted for 66 percent of turnover in March, up from 37 percent in December.But following a year-long rally that pushed yields on 10-year Chinese government bonds down nearly a full percentage point from highs in late January 2018, some investors may be seeing less room for profit, said Bajaj.A lack of familiarity with Chinese bonds may also deter some foreign investors, while technical issues such as limited hedging tools and patchy trading of newly issued government bonds remain nagging concerns."I imagine a lot of investors in similar positions like myself have just kind of a lack of experience of the market that probably limits its global safe-haven flow," said Ross Hutchison, a global bond fund manager at Aberdeen Standard Investments in Edinburgh. "But that doesn't mean that won't change."Craig at J.P. Morgan said foreign investors should approach Chinese bonds with care. "We do know that the Chinese government has a large amount of debt. We have to think about the quality of what's backing up those bonds," he said.But if investors are comfortable with China's ability to contain debt, those concerns should ease, Craig added."We talk about the U.S. market being a safe haven, but U.S. debt is going to go up if they continue to spend at this rate," he said. (Reporting by Daniel Leussink and Andrew Galbraith; Additional reporting by Vidya Ranganathan in SINGAPORE; Editing by Lincoln Feast)WASHINGTON — Top finance officials from emerging market economies on Thursday called for a collective global response to resolve ongoing trade tensions within a rules-based trading system.In a communique from finance ministers of the so-called Group of 24, a bloc of emerging and developing market nations, officials said: "International trade has delivered enormous benefits globally and has been an important engine of growth among G24 countries."The group, which issued the communique during the spring meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington, said it stood ready to cooperate in the effort to build "a modern, open, rules-based, non-discriminatory and equitable multilateral trading system."Trade disputes, particularly the one between the United States and China, have been blamed as a key driver behind the recent downshift in global growth.A looming auto tariff war would hit the global economy harder than the U.S.-China spat, according to the IMF's chief economist Gita Gopinath.The G24 called on a global strengthening of support for developing countries' struggle to deal with debt and the challenge that it poses to economic growth.At the same time, it resurfaced a previously sought idea of using the Special Drawing Rights (SDRs), a basket of the dollar, euro, yen, pound, and yuan - and the de-facto currency of the IMF - as a more active reserve currency. The group called for stronger international cooperation to "recover and return stolen assets and repatriate and prosecute fugitive offenders" and also for increased transparency and a tougher stance against corruption. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Paul Simao)ISLAMABAD, Pakistan — At least 16 people were killed when a powerful bomb ripped through a vegetable market in Quetta in southwestern Pakistan early Friday, officials said. At least nine of the dead were Hazaras, a Shiite Muslim minority group that has repeatedly been the target of Sunni extremists.There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack, which also injured at least 30 people, some of them critically. But Lashkar-e-Jhangvi, a banned militant Sunni group, has often carried out attacks against Hazaras in Quetta, the capital of Baluchistan Province.For years, the Hazaras have lived in a state of perpetual fear in Quetta, and promises made by successive governments have failed to ensure their safety.While terrorist attacks have declined significantly in the past year across the country, the attack on Friday was a grim reminder that the Hazaras continue to remain vulnerable to militant violence and that the security provided to them remains inadequate. Quetta has a large presence of security forces and a vast network of intelligence operatives.A senior police official said the bomb went off in a sack of potatoes, and that the victims included shopkeepers and customers at the vegetable market. One paramilitary soldier was also killed, and officials said they feared the death toll would increase.The police said they were investigating whether a remote control or a timed device had set off the bomb. The police initially ruled out an attack carried out by a suicide bomber, but investigators said Friday evening that such a scenario seemed probable as they had found human remains that could not be identified.Abdul Razzaq Cheema, a senior police official, said that people belonging to the Hazara group come daily in a convoy to the vegetable market from Hazara Town, a walled enclave on the outskirts of Quetta, and that they are provided with security. The bomb that went off Friday morning ignited while vegetables were being loaded during the early market rush.Qadir Ali, a provincial lawmaker who is Hazara, said in an interview that apprehension among Hazaras had increased since the bombing.At least 250,000 Hazara people live in Hazara Town, and each day many vehicles made the trip to and from the vegetable market that was attacked, Mr. Ali said.He urged the government to increase security, and said that he thought the attack was intended “to create tensions between different ethnicities living in Quetta.”“In recent months, Hazara people had started feeling safer and started commuting to different parts of the city,” he said. “But the bombing today seems an attempt to force us into isolation.”The attack was widely condemned by government officials and rights groups.“This horrific loss of life is a painful reminder of the threats that Quetta’s Hazara community continues to face,” Amnesty International said in a statement. “Each time, there are promises that more will be done to protect them, and each time those promises have failed to materialize.”One by one, the concerns that have hung over the stock market have faded. Fears that the United States economy would dip into a recession this year have eased. The Federal Reserve seems to be finished raising interest rates for the foreseeable future, and optimism has increased that the United States and China could end their trade war.But if the January snap back (it was the best start to a year for stocks in decades, after the worst December for stocks in an even longer period) is to sustain itself, big technology companies likely will have to lead the way. So far this year, they have not done that. For much of the past decade, the fate of the stock market has been tied to the performance of a handful of the largest tech companies: Amazon, Apple, Alphabet, Facebook, Microsoft and Netflix led the market from one record to the next.By the end of August, their sway over the direction of the S&P 500 exceeded all but two of the index’s 11 sector groupings. As the index pushed to a record high last summer, the rise in those six companies’ shares accounted for half of its gain. They led on the way down too, dragging the broader market lower over the final three months of 2018 and nearly ending the longest bull market on record.So it’s notable, then, that as the S&P 500 rallied nearly 8 percent in January, the big technology stocks accounted for just 17 percent of the benchmark’s rise, according to data from Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst for S&P Dow Jones Indices. What happened? The companies have faced a fundamental question since late last year: Could they continue to pull in new users and generate more sales in a slowing global economy? Sales growth had begun to slow in the second half of 2018 and earnings updates in January haven’t fully resolved investors’ concerns about their trajectory. “This is the first quarter in my memory that technology has on the whole had worse metrics than the S&P 500,” said Sameer Samana, senior global market strategist at Wells Fargo Investment Institute, referring to the earnings and revenue growth rate of big technology companies.After Apple warned of diminishing demand for new iPhones in China earlier this year, its forecast for the current quarter wasn’t as dire as many on Wall Street had feared. The stock has gained 7.7 percent since then. Still, the iPhone maker reported a 15 percent drop in revenue, including a 27 percent decline in China, and its results indicated a difficult road ahead. Its stock remains nearly 30 percent below its peak.Amazon reported record profits and revenue. But its shares were down 5.4 percent Friday in part because revenue from online shopping slowed and the growth of Prime memberships appeared to have plateaued.Microsoft shares have fallen 3.4 percent since it reported on Wednesday. Revenue at the software giant has surged in recent years as its bet on cloud computing has paid off, but there were continued signs that that acceleration could be tapering off.Facebook, whose shares were the most battered among the big tech companies last year, was perhaps the bright spot this earnings season. Despite a string of scandals, the social network generated record revenue and profit last year. Its shares have jumped 10.5 percent since Wednesday.Netflix also said revenue would grow more slowly this quarter. Its stock is down almost 3.8 percent since it reported on Jan. 17.There is a big caveat to all the hand-wringing about slowing growth: All five companies still generate huge revenue. And should Beijing and Washington reach an agreement in the trade war, sales could pick up if the global economy, particularly China’s, begins to gain speed. “There was real concern that tech was the canary in the coal mine of what would be a very dark 2019,” said Daniel Ives, an analyst at Wedbush Securities covering technology companies. “Thus far a lot of those fears are proving overblown. That could set the stage for tech to make new highs this year, depending on what happens with China.”After the wrenching swings of late 2018 and early January, it was difficult to harbor many illusions about the stock market. It became clear that investing in stocks wasn’t easy, predictable or safe, at least in the short run. If you weren’t a risk taker or deeply committed for the long term, it was difficult to look at the market closely and remain calm.In fact, the long bull market had a near-death experience in December. Based on intraday trading, stocks descended just below the 20 percent-loss threshold that customarily denotes the birth of a bear market. Counting only prices at the market close, however, the Dow Jones industrial average didn’t quite fall into that dismal territory. Still, despite a market rise in January, losses have been severe, especially in sectors that had been highfliers, like technology. What’s an investor to do? Our quarterly survey contains some lessons and suggestions. After a Market Swoon, Investors Want SafetyRecession fears have emerged despite strong job growth, making some investors wary of stocks and looking for havens. But many strategists urge caution, saying it isn’t wise to pile on risk until the status of the market and the economy are clearer. Read more » Real Estate Funds Have Been a Balm in a Stinging MarketReal estate funds fared reasonably well through much of the autumn downturn. While headline-grabbing sectors like technology plunged, funds that invested in commercial real estate — office buildings, malls and warehouses — were fairly steady. What are their prospects in a really rocky market?Read more » For a While, Bond Funds Were an Exception to the Indexing RuleBonds are often a source of solace during stock downturns, and active bond funds have done relatively well compared with index funds. Active bond funds were actually beating index funds in 2018 until December, but then they fell behind. The problem is that index funds tend to be cheap and difficult to beat consistently. In the longer term, it’s hard to make a strong case for the human touch.Read more » I’ll Do Evil and I’ll Get Rich. You Can Have a Share.Social media companies have made a big mistake, our columnist John Schwartz says. They have apologized for what they say are errors. But he has a plan: He will proudly do bad things, evil things and, with total transparency, become obscenely rich.Read more » How 3 Funds Sidestepped a Market ThumpingSeveral top-performing funds outpaced their peers. They took different routes, like betting on Latin American companies, real estate investment trusts and dividend-paying stocks.Read more » Some Funds Win When Others Lose. But When the Others Win …So-called inverse funds that move against the market offer a way to hedge that can be splendid when most stocks fall. But these funds drop rapidly when the overall market rises, and they can quickly cause major damage to a portfolio.Read more » E.T.F.s Try to Lure Investors Into Ever Narrower NichesBy carving the stock market into specialized slices, these funds take investors into interesting places. Yet they may tempt shareholders to take imprudent risks in the quest for the next big thing.Read more » Health Care May Not Cure What Ails Portfolios This TimeDespite a history of performing well in down markets, investments in the health care industry have looked vulnerable amid uncertainty about American health insurance.Read more » A Book Says You Can Retire Early. But It Doesn’t Really Say How.The author of a new book argues that you probably can retire far sooner than you think, but she leaves out a lot of details.Read more » In This Market, It May Be Time to Play DefenseAfter a long stretch of market woes, investors have many choices for protecting their portfolios, from complicated maneuvers to a classic response: doing nothing.Read more » Follow Jeff Sommer on Twitter: @jeffsommerLONDON — Venezuela's oil output sank to a new long-term low last month due to U.S. sanctions and blackouts, the country told OPEC, deepening the impact of a global production curb and further tightening supplies.Supply cuts by OPEC and partners led by Russia, plus involuntary reductions in Venezuela and Iran, have helped drive a 32 percent rally in crude prices this year, prompting pressure from U.S. President Donald Trump for the group to ease its market-supporting efforts.In a monthly report released on Wednesday, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries said Venezuela told the group that it pumped 960,000 barrels per day (bpd) in March, a drop of almost 500,000 bpd from February. The figures could add to a debate within the so-called OPEC+ group of producers on whether to maintain oil supply cuts beyond June. A Russian official indicated this week Moscow wanted to pump more, although OPEC has been saying the curbs must remain.OPEC, Russia and other non-member producers are reducing output by 1.2 million bpd from Jan. 1 for six months. The producers are due to meet on June 25-26 to decide whether to extend the pact. One of the key Russian officials to foster the pact with OPEC, Kirill Dmitriev, signaled on Monday that Russia wanted to raise output when it meets OPEC in June because of improving market conditions and falling stockpiles.OPEC+ returned to supply cuts in 2019 out of concern that slowing economic growth and demand would lead to a new supply glut. OPEC's report said the economic backdrop was weakening and lowered its estimate of global growth in demand by 30,000 bpd to 1.21 million bpd."Newly available data has confirmed the recently observed downward trend in global economic activities," the report said.In a development that will ease OPEC concern about a new glut, the report also said inventories in developed economies fell in February, after rising in January.Stocks in February exceeded the five-year average - a yardstick OPEC watches closely - by 7.5 million barrels, less than in January.The report suggests that if OPEC kept pumping at March's rate it would slightly undersupply the world market in 2019, even with the lower demand outlook.For a graphic on World oil market balance 2019, see - https://tmsnrt.rs/2VBfVGG VENEZUELA OUTPUT SLIDESVenezuela's production figure brings its numbers closer to outside estimates, which have been saying the country's economic collapse has taken a bigger toll on its oil industry. Output in Venezuela, once a top-three OPEC producer, has been declining for years due to economic collapse. In March, supply dropped due to U.S. sanctions on state oil company PDVSA designed to oust President Nicolas Maduro, and power blackouts.Venezuela, plus Iran and Libya, were exempted from making voluntary curbs under the OPEC+ deal, on the basis that their output would probably fall anyway.OPEC's share of the cut is 800,000 bpd from in most cases October 2018 levels, and other figures in the report showed producers were removing far more than agreed.The group uses two sets of figures to monitor its output — figures provided by each country and by secondary sources that include industry media. This is a legacy of old disputes over how much countries were really pumping.Overall OPEC output fell by a further 534,000 bpd to 30.022 million bpd, according to the secondary-source figures. This was led not by Venezuela but by Saudi Arabia, which has voluntarily cut supply by more than it agreed to support the market.As a result, the 11 OPEC members required to cut output achieved 155 percent compliance in March with pledged curbs, according to a Reuters calculation, up from February.OPEC estimates that it needs to provide an average of 30.30 million bpd in 2019 to balance the market, a figure lowered by 160,000 bpd month-on-month partly due to weaker demand. Even so, the report indicates there will be a small 2019 deficit if OPEC keeps pumping at March's rate of just over 30 million bpd and other things remain equal. Last month's report had indicated a small surplus. (Editing by Dale Hudson and Frances Kerry)STUTTGART — German auto supplier Robert Bosch sees a further downturn in China this year after the country's car market posted its first decline in almost two decades last year, the head of its core auto parts unit said. "The skid marks in the Chinese car market will be seen again this year," Stefan Hartung on Monday said, adding that China's auto market saw a double-digit decline in the first quarter of 2019.Hartung said he was optimistic about sales in the company's biggest foreign market in the medium and long term due to China's still low saturation level of private vehicles, adding that a stabilisation was possible.He said mobility services such as car-sharing and shuttle-services would grow faster in China than in the U.S. or Europe.Bosch's sales in China in 2018 rose by just one percent, after a 25-percent rise the year before.  (Reporting by Ilona Wissenbach; writing by Riham Alkousaa; Editing by Tassilo Hummel and Kirsten Donovan)Millions of investors will receive year-end statements from their brokerages and retirement plan managers in the coming weeks, and the great majority of them will have unpleasant news: losses.The S&P 500 finished the year down 6.2 percent, with the steepest declines recorded in the fourth quarter. With Apple’s announcement of disappointing sales in China on Wednesday, the bad times for stocks continued in the first week of the new year. While most economic data has remained strong, there are some rumblings that 2019 may be quite a bit rougher than 2018. Corporate executives are becoming more pessimistic, according to surveys, and Americans are conducting Google searches for the word “recession” at the highest rate since the last one just ended in 2009.If it all makes you want to flee — or at least shift your 401(k) into cash — that’s understandable. It’s also a bad idea.The sensible response to this unnerving series of developments is to do pretty much anything else. Read a book. Go for a walk. Take up knitting. Or just do nothing at all, like take a nap. If you are a long-term investor (and any money you have tied up in the stock market should be intended for the long term to begin with), tumult like that of the last few months isn’t something that should cause panic. Rather, it’s the price you pay for enjoying returns that, over long time horizons, are likely to be substantially higher than those for cash or bonds.That’s true if this episode turns out to be a false alarm for the overall economy, as is a distinct possibility. But it’s also true even if this does turn out to be the start of a prolonged period of economic and market distress — especially if you are still in the phase of your life of contributing to a retirement plan or otherwise accumulating savings.ImageNapping at a brokerage office in Beijing in October.CreditJason Lee/ReutersThe recent pessimistic tone in markets is getting way ahead of the evidence. Nothing so far in either the economic data or the market indicators that most reliably predict economic swings suggests there will be anything worse than a modest slowdown in economic growth in 2019.Businesses are still expanding and adding jobs. The yield on two-year Treasury bonds has fallen in the last three months, but it would have fallen a lot more if the bond market — which tends to be closely tied to the direction of the overall economy — had been predicting an imminent recession.Moreover, an investor who moved money into cash now would be doing so just as the valuation of stocks was becoming more favorable — buying high and selling low, not the way great fortunes are made. That’s especially true when you factor in the drop in longer-term interest rates, which makes shares particularly appealing relative to bonds.In early November, investing $100 in stocks would buy you about $4.64 worth of corporate earnings, versus the $3.21 in interest you would could receive by investing in 10-year Treasury bonds. Now, stocks offer $5.25, while bonds offer only $2.61.But most important, even if the economic road ahead really is as bumpy as some in markets seem to fear, you’re probably not going to be successful at timing those swings just right.Of course, if you had a perfect ability to predict how far the market would fall and when it would bottom out, it would make sense to move money in and out. You do not.There is a wide range of evidence that people are pitiful at timing the market. Even supposed investment experts lack that prescience. Even if you turned out to be right about a continuing tumble in 2019, the great risk would be that whenever the rebound began, you would be caught out of position, unable to take advantage.Suppose you were clever enough to recognize at the start of December 2007 that a major recession was about to take place, and you moved your money out of stocks.Yes, you would have saved yourself from steep losses in 2008 and early 2009. But you have to ask yourself: Would I have also had the courage to put money back in while the economy was still in horrendous shape in 2009, with double-digit unemployment and a banking system in tatters?If not then, when would you have moved money back in? People who simply left their savings fully invested in the stock market in December 2007 have now made a 134 percent return on that money. Would you have done better than that, or would you have missed out on a big chunk of those gains out of the same caution that led you to pull money out of stocks to begin with?People who did not panic in the fall of 2008 — the most panic-worthy time in most of our lifetimes — and kept putting their retirement funds into stocks did indeed incur steep losses over the ensuing months. But their newly invested funds were being put into stocks at the most favorable valuations in a generation, and thus enjoyed the full benefit of the rebound when it eventually came. A truism of economic and financial cycles is that by the time it feels like the coast is clear and putting money into riskier investments is completely safe, the real money has already been made. People who looked at the economic chaos of early 2009 and stuck to their guns have ended up far better off than those who, convinced that a double-dip downturn was imminent, waited for years to get in.This equation changes, of course, if we’re talking about money needed imminently as opposed to longer-term savings, such as for retirement. The economy looks stable now, but that could change — it’s still possible that markets and C.E.O.s know something about the future that isn’t clear in the data yet.But that’s more of a fundamental argument about how your assets should be allocated. If an 18 percent drop in stocks is enough to cause you to change your entire investment strategy, that money shouldn’t have been in stocks to begin with.The entire point of investing in stocks is that you get greater long-term expected returns in exchange for tolerating bigger ups and downs. Episodes like those of the last few weeks are, in effect, the price you pay for returns that are substantially higher than bonds or cash over longer periods. Just as there are no free lunches, there are no excess returns without some volatility and risk.As individual investors, we cannot control volatility. What we can control is our own mind-set and reaction, and the more level your head, the better your long-term results are likely to be.ZURICH — Swiss eyecare company Alcon made its debut on the SIX Swiss Exchange on Tuesday with a market capitalisation of more than $25 billion after a shareholder spin-off from drugmaker Novartis, the Alpine nation's biggest stock deal in a decade.Alcon shares traded at 57.80 Swiss francs at 0800 GMT after opening at 55 Swiss francs per share, reaching a market cap of some 28 billion Swiss francs (21.46 billion pounds). Novartis shares, which closed on Tuesday at 95 francs, fell to 85.50 francs. Investors got one Alcon share for each five Novartis shares they held. Alcon, a $7.1 billion-per-year group which began as a Fort Worth, Texas, pharmacy in 1945, suffered flagging sales and profit before Novartis swapped out management in 2016 to help arrest the decline. Geneva-based Alcon now aims to strengthen its rank as the biggest ophthalmic surgery device maker and No. 2 maker of contact lenses and solutions behind Johnson & Johnson. "We are poised to achieve sustainable growth and create long-term shareholder value as a standalone company," Alcon Chief Executive David Endicott said. Giving Alcon to shareholders helps cap Novartis's years-long retreat from being a broad healthcare company, as Chief Executive Vas Narasimhan focuses on prescription drugs and specialised, costly treatments like gene therapy. "We continue to reimagine ourselves as a leading medicines company powered by breakthrough medicines, data science and advanced therapy platforms," Narasimhan said in a statement.  (Reporting by John Miller, editing by John Revill and Michael Shields)You may not have appreciated it at the time — golden eras have a habit of coming and going like that — but a five-year stretch that started in 2013 was a pretty great time to buy a washing machine. Inflation for home laundry equipment, as measured by the Labor Department, fell steadily during that time, which meant you could buy the same washer your neighbor bought last year for less money. Or you could buy a better one at the same price. Great news for your clothes, though maybe bad news for your friendship, if your neighbor was the covetous type. That stretch of laundry deflation ended last year, shortly after President Trump imposed tariffs, starting at 20 percent, on imported washers. The move was a response to a complaint filed by Whirlpool, a Michigan-based manufacturer. The company has long dominated the washing machine business — many Americans have had Whirlpools in their laundry rooms for decades — but has recently faced stiffer competition from foreign manufacturers. Whirlpool claimed that foreign competitors like LG and Samsung were flooding the appliance market with washing machines from South Korea and Mexico at prices so low that they were hurting American makers. As an effort to help domestic producers, the tariffs worked — very briefly. Whirlpool added 200 jobs at its factory in Clyde, Ohio. Its stock price jumped $20 per share in the first few days after the tariffs took effect. Then things went bad.A year after Mr. Trump announced the tariffs, washing machine prices were up, as many analysts had expected. But that has not been a boon to the makers of washers because fewer Americans are investing in new laundry equipment, exposing how protectionist trade policies can backfire on the very companies they are meant to safeguard. Tariffs of two varieties have pushed prices upThe washer-specific tariffs raised costs for importers like LG and Samsung. But another tariff issued by Mr. Trump, on imported steel, raised costs for some domestic manufacturers like Whirlpool, which took those companies by surprise. Many manufacturers passed those higher costs on to consumers. Once stores worked their way through models that had been imported before tariffs hit, deflation gave way to sharp price increases. After years of steady growth, sales reversed in 2018A basic rule of economics is that when the price of something goes up, people buy less of it. That’s just what happened to washing machines.Data from the Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers shows that shipments of washing machines increased by an average of 5 percent a year from 2015 to 2017. Last year, shipments fell 3 percent.Retailers saw that reaction in real time. “We have seen, as you mentioned, tariffs’ impact in laundry,” Craig Menear, the chairman and chief executive of the Home Depot, told analysts on an earnings call in November.Retailers were hurt, but manufacturers were hurt more Washing machines make up a small slice of Home Depot’s business. They’re more important for Whirlpool, Samsung and other manufacturers — and the stocks of those businesses have been hammered this year. Laundry appliances made up nearly 30 percent of Whirlpool’s sales in 2017. The company’s shares gave up their initial gains after the tariffs were announced, and then fell some more.Through the third quarter, Whirlpool’s unit sales were down 2.5 percent in North America, compared with the same period in its previous fiscal year. The company’s executives said in an October earnings call that they expected to be hit by an additional $300 million in cost increases, largely driven by the steel tariff, in the year to come. A Whirlpool spokesman declined to comment, citing a company policy not to talk about continuing trade issues. But the company confirmed it did, in fact, add 200 employees in Ohio.Things should get better in 2019Mr. Trump’s tariff rate on washing machines will drop two percentage points, to 18 percent, this year, which should mildly ease the pressure on companies and consumers. Retailers say they have seen signs that suggest the worst is over: Ted Decker, executive vice president for merchandising at Home Depot, told analysts in November that after several difficult months with washing machines, “our laundry sales and unit productivity is on par, if not slightly better, than the average of our overall appliance business.”The three-month average for laundry equipment inflation peaked in July, at 20 percent. In December, that increase was just 1.6 percent. This makes sense, economically: Tariffs jolted prices upward, but the overall trend in the appliance industry remains downward. If your neighbor bought a new washer last June and you buy the same one this June, there’s a decent chance it will be cheaper.You might not even need to wait that long. Retail websites suggest that if you run out to your local appliance store this weekend, you’re likely to find a bunch of washing machines, American made and imported, on sale. The momentum behind the American economy is strong. In 2018, unemployment hit its lowest rate in 49 years, 3.7 percent. Real wages were (finally) increasing and inflation remained muted. In 2019, growth is projected to slow but still remain above 2 percent.Yet risks abound. The trade war and the escalating drama over the government shutdown threaten growth. Meanwhile, the Federal Reserve’s inaugural Financial Stability Report, an early warning system for the financial markets, recently highlighted the vulnerabilities created by investors who show a “high tolerance for risk-taking” in the market for corporate debt. The economy’s continued health will hinge on whether big Wall Street banks can withstand shocks caused by these or other threats and continue lending.On this front, it is far from certain that banks and their regulators are prepared.Years of low interest rates have brought about excessive business debt and elevated prices for corporate bonds. The corporate bond market has swelled to nearly $7 trillion. The debt owed by businesses as a percentage of gross domestic product is at a record high. But the credit quality of investment-grade bonds has deteriorated. Underwriting standards on “leveraged loans” to risky companies have eroded. And until recently, yields on junk debt remained low, a sign that investors are too willing to take on the risk of bonds held by companies with less-than-stellar credit.These vulnerabilities can amplify shocks and create systemic disruptions. In a market downturn, widespread downgrades of corporate bonds could induce a sell-off, precipitating sharp declines in the price of bonds and feeding a cycle of further downgrades, margin calls and sell-offs. Highly leveraged corporations may have difficulty refinancing or getting more credit, increasing the risk of corporate defaults and bankruptcies.Cracks are already forming. In December, borrowing in the high-yield bond market came to a standstill. Deals in the leveraged loan market are also delayed from a lack of interest from mutual funds and collateralized loan obligation managers, the largest buyers of leveraged loans. These events signal trouble ahead for highly indebted companies seeking more financing.This instability raises a basic question: Are the big banks strong enough to handle it? The Fed seems to think they are. The banks are better capitalized than before the 2008 financial crisis, and stress tests show they can withstand steep declines in prices of assets that they hold. But the Fed may be overly optimistic.Wall Street banks have significant exposure to corporate debt. They underwrite and make markets in corporate bonds, make leveraged loans, invest in collateralized loan obligations, extend credit to businesses, including highly leveraged hedge funds, and buy and sell protection on corporate debt in the credit default swap market.In a crisis, these exposures could serve as a channel for contagion in a highly interconnected financial system dominated by large banks.Yet bank stress tests don’t adequately capture this dynamic. Stress tests don’t consider how a firm’s response to a shock can reverberate. They also understate the effect of financial-sector distress on the economy. This helps explain why the tests have allowed bank capital to decline slightly despite elevated asset prices and increasingly stringent scenarios.Stress tests also rely primarily on risk-based capital ratios, which vary based on the perceived riskiness of a bank’s assets. These ratios are routinely gamed and, as we learned in 2008, are a poor indicator of a firm’s financial health. A more credible yardstick is the supplementary leverage ratio, which is a simple cap on the percentage of a bank’s funding from debt. But based on recent remarks by senior Fed officials, its role in stress testing may be eliminated altogether.To be sure, reforms put in place after the 2008 financial crisis have enhanced bank resilience. The eight global systemically important banks in the United States now abide by additional capital and liquidity requirements, including a surcharge intended to ensure they absorb the effects of their own failure without disrupting the broader economy. But here, too, there are deficiencies. In calculating the surcharge, the Fed relies on incomplete historical data that ignore losses that taxpayer bailouts averted in the last crisis. These deficiencies don’t inspire confidence.Recessions that emerge from distress in the financial sector tend to run deeper and last longer than other recessions. As the former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker recently warned, the danger comes from “standing by while bubbles and excesses threaten financial markets.”So far, regulators appear to be doing exactly that — or worse.In recent months, regulators have proposed to reduce liquidity buffers of banks with as much as $700 billion in assets, dilute the strength and frequency of stress tests, water down the Volcker Rule prohibition on risky trading and cut leverage capital requirements for corporate derivatives exposures. Pressed by lobbyists and others, regulators are now contemplating a further weakening of the surcharge on the eight systemically important banks.To prevent a repeat of 2008, regulators must look beyond the concerns of bank lobbyists. Instead of cutting capital to increase shareholder returns or making it easier to bail out giant financial institutions the next time around, regulators must address threats to the economy. This means requiring thicker capital cushions for the big banks and tighter leveraged loan underwriting standards. These steps would help secure a safer financial system and possibly avoid another crisis.Sheila C. Bair was chairwoman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation from 2006 to 2011 and is a founding director of the Volcker Alliance and the Systemic Risk Council. Gaurav Vasisht is the director of financial regulation at the Volcker Alliance.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them.__________The trade war didn’t seem to discourage Chinese companies from listing their shares on American exchanges last year. In fact, it might have brought more Chinese companies to Wall Street.Tencent Music’s trading debut on the New York Stock Exchange in December capped a wave of Chinese companies going public in the United States. In total, 33 Chinese firms raised $9.2 billion through initial public offerings on American exchanges — up 140 percent from 2017 and the highest level since 2014, according to Dealogic.Of course, 2014 comes with an asterisk of sorts. Alibaba went public in September that year, raising $25 billion. Subtract the value of Alibaba’s offering and Chinese firms raised just $3 billion that year.Last year, however, offerings from Chinese firms dominated the United States market for initial public offerings. The three largest I.P.O.s by market value were Chinese companies. And Chinese firms accounted for four of the 10 largest such offerings in 2018 ranked by amount raised on American exchanges, the most of any country, including the United States, according to Dealogic.Why list in America?American exchanges offer prestige and a broader investor base that Chinese entrepreneurs can find attractive. The United States also offers a quicker route to the public markets. While Chinese regulators have taken steps to reduce the long wait, it still takes 18 months or longer for shares to begin trading from the time a company files to go public. That compares with just 42 days to list in the United States, according to Dealogic.But the trade war may also have been a factor.A slowing Chinese economy and escalating trade tensions dragged down markets in Hong Kong and China before stocks in the United States turned seriously wobbly. At their lows in late October, the Hang Seng stock index and the benchmark stock indexes in Shenzhen and Shanghai were down 15 percent to 35 percent for the year. By comparison, the S & P 500 was still up 2.5 percent at that point, making it far more attractive for offerings.The economic uncertainty that roiled the stock market at the end of 2018 hurt Citigroup’s trading business, the bank said on Monday, as a busy week of quarterly earnings reports by the country’s largest banks got off to a shaky start.Citi said it had almost a half-billion dollars less in revenue in the year’s fourth quarter than analysts had expected. The cause of the drop, the bank said, was an unexpectedly sharp decline in revenue from trading in government bonds, foreign currencies and other fixed income products as falling stock prices spooked investors.Investors have fretted for the past several months over the Federal Reserve’s next moves and President Trump’s unpredictable trade tariff announcements. Those concerns are not likely to dissipate, and Citi’s chief executive, Michael Corbat, said they could eventually be more of a drag on the economy than actual policy changes.“Right now, we see the biggest risk in the global economy as one of talking ourselves into a recession,” Mr. Corbat said in a conference call with analysts.Still, Citi warned that monetary and trade policies could affect its performance in the future.The bank’s chief financial officer, John Gerspach, said in a call with reporters that continuing uncertainty about how various countries’ central banks will carry out plans to drain excess cash from the global financial system and about the Trump administration’s protracted trade war with China risked hurting the American economy in the second half of this year or early in 2020.Citi recorded $17.1 billion in revenue for the quarter, compared with the $17.6 billion expected by analysts. The deficit did not indicate major problems for the bank, but it showed that, however vague, investors’ worries about the future can have a measurable impact on a big corporation’s results.[Read more about the key factors affecting stocks and the economy.]Furious activity in the financial markets can sometimes help companies that are close to Wall Street by generating more business for them, but Citi’s clients opted to hold tight as stocks began to drop in September, Mr. Gerspach said.“Clients — investors and corporate clients — waited on the sidelines,” he said.Citi customers, Mr. Gerspach said, did not ask the bank to make many trades on their behalf because they were “waiting for clearer market conditions” that never came.“In December, they got worse,” he said.As a result, Citi’s fixed income trading revenue for the fourth quarter was down 21 percent from the same period a year earlier and 39 percent below the results for the third quarter of 2018.The bank’s performance in other areas was solid. Loans and deposits ticked up again, and Citi said the administration’s corporate tax cuts had been slightly better for its balance sheet than originally estimated. Citi shares were up nearly 4 percent in trading Monday.Citigroup was the first of the country’s major banks to report fourth-quarter results. JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo will issue their reports on Tuesday, with Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley set to do so on Wednesday.Good Thursday morning. Want this by email? Sign up here.Apple cuts its forecast, blaming a slowdown in ChinaEvidence continues to mount that China’s economy is slowing faster than expected.The latest data point comes courtesy of Apple. A significant slowdown in iPhone sales in China forced the company to reduce revenue expectations for its most recent quarter. The company said yesterday that it expected revenue of about $84 billion in the quarter that ended Dec. 29, down from a previous estimate of $89 billion to $93 billion.It was the first time Apple had lowered its quarterly forecast in 16 years. The NYT’s Jack Nicas and Keith Bradsher write:“Apple’s surprise announcement added to concerns about the ability of American tech giants to navigate an increasingly uncertain economy and a continuing trade war between the United States and China. China has become Apple’s third-largest market in recent years, driven mostly by iPhone sales.”Apple’s announcement is the latest warning from corporate America about the impact of the trade war, which may be harder to defend now that the collateral damage includes one of the country’s most recognizable brands. Companies like FedEx and Starbucks are already struggling in China. And other American businesses, especially tech players and Detroit automakers, could suffer as well.More: The optimistic narrative about Apple’s iPhone business is falling apart, writes Bloomberg Opinion’s Shira Ovide.____________________________Today’s DealBook Briefing was written by Andrew Ross Sorkin and Stephen Grocer in New York, and Tiffany Hsu and Gregory Schmidt in Paris.____________________________Markets prepare for a drop as the bears re-emergeApple’s announcement added to investors’ concerns about slowing global growth and reawakened the stock market’s bears. The Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq futures tumbled more than 1 percent overnight.Shares of Apple dropped more than 9 percent in after-hours trading, a loss that was reflected in a wider range of companies. Chip makers like Advanced Micro Devices, Nvidia, Skyworks and Qorvo were among the hardest hit, down more than 3 percent. The electronics retailer Best Buy slipped 2 percent, and companies with big business in China such as Boeing and Caterpillar fell 2 percent.Markets across Asia fell today, as investors shed technology stocks. European markets opened lower as well.Tesla has a record quarter, but price cuts prompt a sell-offApple wasn’t the only company to spook investors yesterday, as Tesla broke records in its fourth quarter but failed to impress the market.Good numbers, but not good enough: The automaker said it delivered 90,700 vehicles in the period, surpassing its earlier high. Of those, 63,150 were Model 3 sedans, a 13 percent improvement on the prior three-month span, but nonetheless below Wall Street’s expectations. The growth rate for the Model 3, Tesla’s first mass-market offering, fell short compared with the third quarter, when sales more than doubled amid a rush of initial orders.Demand concerns: Investors were especially perturbed by Tesla’s announcement that it was cutting prices of all models in the U.S. by $2,000 per car. The automaker said it was adjusting to a Jan. 1 reduction of a federal electric-vehicle tax credit for Tesla buyers to $3,750 from $7,500. But what the market saw was a warning that, after a surge of early interest in the Model 3, buyers may be waiting for a more affordable option, writes Bloomberg Opinion’s Liam Denning:“This suggests that the vast majority of reservation holders are either waiting overseas, where Tesla says deliveries should start next month, or (and this is probably the bigger group) are waiting for cheaper variants such as the long-promised $35,000 version. That latter group poses a potential threat to Tesla’s profit margins in the quarters ahead, especially as Model 3 production remains below previous targets.”Tesla shares ended trading nearly 7 percent lower.Censorship in China becomes a growing businessThousands of low-wage workers in China are trawling the internet in search of forbidden content in a lucrative new industry: censorship factories.Playing it safe: For Chinese companies, staying on the safe side of government censors is a matter of life and death. Adding to the burden, the authorities demand that companies censor themselves, spurring them to hire thousands of people to police content. “It helps cleanse the online environment,” one worker said.Little tolerance: China has built the world’s most extensive and sophisticated online censorship system. It grew even stronger under President Xi Jinping, who wants the internet to play a greater role in strengthening the Communist Party’s hold on society. More content is considered sensitive. Punishments are getting more severe.Rising influence: China’s vision of a government-supervised internet reverberates in other countries. Even in Western Europe and the United States, traditional bastions of free expression, companies are examining their digital limits. Platforms like Facebook and YouTube have said that they would hire thousands more workers to better monitor their content.China’s ‘new chapter’ in lunar explorationChina may have missed the starting gun in the international space race, but said today that it was the first to land a lunar probe on the far side of the moon.The Chang’e-4 vehicle, named after the lunar goddess in Chinese mythology, landed in the moon’s oldest and deepest crater and sent back the first close-up images of a region that perpetually faces away from earth.The China National Space Administration, which hopes to put astronauts in a lunar base by the end of the next decade, called the feat “a new chapter in humanity’s exploration of the moon.” The mission could help advance understanding of the moon’s origins and evolution, and better position China to tap minerals and other resources discovered there.China landed a rover on the moon in 2013, decades after a Soviet Union spacecraft reached the surface in 1959 and the United States successfully sent its Apollo 11 team in 1969. China’s future plans in space involve sending astronauts to Mars and a probe to Jupiter, according to the WSJ.The evolution of human welfare“The world got better last year, and it is going to get even better this year,” Greg Ip writes in the WSJ. Problems like illiteracy, poverty and violent deaths have been dropping worldwide, Ip writes, but the news has received little attention because the decline has been slow and steady.The gradual progress is coming about through basic rules of growth:“Invest more in your human and physical capital, open yourself to markets and trade — that’s right, globalization is good — and incomes will rise.”This has lead to momentous change: Half the world is now middle class.Revolving doorHalliburton named Jeff Miller its chairman after David Lesar retired on Monday following a 25-year career with the company. Mr. Miller became chief executive of the oil field services giant in 2017, taking over from Mr. Lesar, who had succeeded Dick Cheney in 2000. (Bloomberg)The speed readDeals• China Tobacco International, a subsidiary of the state-owned company that sells 98 percent of all tobacco products in China, has filed for an initial public offering in Hong Kong. (Reuters)• Apollo Global Management is said to be in talks to buy the industrial parts maker Arconic, which sold combustible material used at the site of the deadly Grenfell Tower fire in Britain in 2017, for about $22 a share. A deal could be reached by the middle of this month. (Bloomberg)• Qatar Airways made its first major investment in mainland China, buying 5 percent of China Southern Airlines, the country’s largest carrier. (CNN)• Loosened regulations led to 162 U.S. television stations changing hands last year, up from 104 the prior year. The $8.4 billion in deals stemmed from local stations’ advertising woes and pressure from increasingly powerful broadcast networks. (FT)Politics and policy• The partial government shutdown continues after President Trump rejected Democrats’ proposals to restart operations during negotiations and pushed for a border wall during a contentious White House meeting. (NYT)• Representative Nancy Pelosi, Democrat of California, is poised to become House speaker again, solidifying her status as the highest-ranking and most powerful elected woman in U.S. history. (NYT)• Complaints of sexual harassment and pay disparity by former staff members for Bernie Sanders’s 2016 presidential campaign have circulated in recent weeks, and the Vermont senator’s perceived failure to address this issue could potentially hinder a second run at the White House. (NYT)• Senator-elect Mitt Romney, Republican of Utah, declined to endorse President Trump’s re-election, saying that the president “has not risen to the mantle of the office.” His comments touched off a series of counterattacks from Mr. Trump’s allies. (NYT)• FedEx said it would abandon its plan to begin cargo flights to Cuba, ending more than two years of effort to start the service after relations between the island nation and the U.S. chilled under the Trump administration. (Bloomberg)Tech• Roku will allow users to buy pay-TV subscriptions through its streaming service starting late this month, much like Amazon and its Prime Video platform. The feature will include channels such as Showtime, Starz and Epix. (WSJ)• After steep declines in the price of bitcoin and other digital assets, fund managers focused on cryptocurrencies are asking skittish investors to stay the course. (FT)• Robot workers replacing humans? Not quite, says the World Bank, which reports that the rise of automation has barely affected global employment so far. (Bloomberg)• The Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba and the Belgian government formed a partnership to create a trade hub to help small and medium-size companies in the country sell products abroad. (CNBC)Best of the rest • Amid a glut of luxury properties and concerns about the economy, the median price of an apartment in Manhattan fell 5.8 percent at the end of 2018 to $999,000 — the first time in three years it was below $1 million. (FT)• Temporary administrators appointed by the European Central Bank will oversee the Italian lender Banca Carige after most of its board members resigned following a fraud scandal and disagreement over a turnaround plan. (FT)• Blake W. Nordstrom, co-president of his family’s namesake retailer who helped lead the company through one of the industry’s most tumultuous periods, died yesterday in Seattle at age 58. (Seattle Times)• In a “flash crash,” the Australian dollar and other major currencies collapsed against the safe-haven yen in a matter of seconds. (Reuters)• Investors expect interest rates will end 2019 no higher than where they started. (WSJ)• Current worldwide debt: nearly $250 trillion, or three times the amount two decades ago. The U.S., China, the eurozone and Japan are the biggest borrowers. (WSJ)• A data analysis of about 16,000 shale wells operated by 29 of the biggest producers in Texas and North Dakota reveals that many are yielding less than their owners projected to investors. Such projections can create an “illusory picture.” (WSJ)• Uncertainty over Britain’s exit from the European Union and rising cost pressure have the British economy in a “weak holding pattern,” the British Chambers of Commerce said. (FT)• An economic and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela, exacerbated by financial sanctions, pushed the country’s oil exports to a 28-year low. (Bloomberg)• The popularity of meat alternatives has caught the attention of McDonald’s, the leading fast food company, and an increasing number of food and agricultural companies have been investing in alternative protein start-ups. (FT)• As consumers swap meat for leafy greens, Nestle is preparing for its biggest push yet into the booming vegan market, hoping to turn the trend in plant-based eating into a billion-dollar business. (Bloomberg)• As global economic growth wanes and investors shift toward the view that further increases of interest rates by the Fed would be a mistake, there is little on the horizon to reverse the slide in Treasury yields. (Bloomberg)• Morgan Stanley is the world’s top stock underwriter again. Its secret: Dealmakers who helped start-ups tap a spigot of private money. (Bloomberg)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you tomorrow.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com.SAN FRANCISCO — Slack, a workplace messaging company, said Monday that it had confidentially filed paperwork for an initial public offering, joining the growing number of technology start-ups heading to the stock market.Slack, which is based in San Francisco, gave no details about the offering’s timing and said it was awaiting a standard review of its paperwork by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The move was expected given that Slack’s chief executive, Stewart Butterfield, had long indicated that he planned to take the company public. Slack recently hired Goldman Sachs to lead the offering.Slack’s confidential filing comes amid a rush by privately held companies to go public this year. Many of these start-ups, which have been highly valued by private investors, are part of a generation of technology companies known as unicorns. Public share sales by the companies are expected to create a bonanza of riches in Silicon Valley for entrepreneurs and venture capital investors.In December, the ride-hailing companies Uber and Lyft filed confidential paperwork for their own public offerings. Their efforts stalled temporarily last month when a government shutdown hampered the S.E.C.’s ability to review the companies’ registration documents. Other tech companies expected to go public this year include the online scrapbooking firm Pinterest.Slack declined to comment beyond its statement about the confidential filing.There is likely to be a strong demand for Slack stock. The company was valued at $7.1 billion by private investors last year, but in recent weeks investment firms have offered to buy its shares at a price that values Slack at $13 billion, according to a person with knowledge of the details who was not authorized to speak publicly.Slack also plans an unusual form of public offering called a direct listing, the person added. Unlike most I.P.O.s, in which firms sell stock to public market investors in advance, direct listings let a company begin trading its shares on an exchange without raising new funds. Spotify, a provider of streaming music, went public in 2018 in a direct listing, paving the way for other high-profile start-ups to follow.With a direct listing, shareholders can also sell their stock immediately after the public offering, instead of waiting for what is known as a lockup period to expire.Slack has little need for cash. It raised $427 million in new financing in August, a year after raising $250 million. The company has collected a total of more than $1 billion from investors that include the SoftBank Vision Fund, General Atlantic, Dragoneer Investment Group and T. Rowe Price Associates.Mr. Butterfield began Slack out of a gaming start-up, Tiny Speck. While the company’s game products failed to take off, its internal communication tool showed promise. In 2014, the company began selling that communication tool, called Slack.Start-ups quickly adopted Slack, and larger companies followed suit. The company offers free and paid versions of Slack and counts more than 85,000 paying customers, including 65 Fortune 100 companies. Last month, Slack said 10 million people now used its product every day. The company generated more than $350 million in revenue last year, said the person with knowledge of the details.Some companies that have filed to go public have never reached that finish line. Over the last year, a number of high-profile business software companies that took steps to go public were snapped up by a tech giant at the last minute. In November, for example, Qualtrics, an analytics start-up, sold to SAP for $8 billion just days before it was set to ring the opening bell at Nasdaq.Google, Microsoft and Amazon have previously expressed interest in acquiring Slack, but the company has demurred. Now some of them have increasingly begun to compete with the start-up. When Microsoft introduced its own workplace messaging company, Microsoft Teams, in 2016, Slack took out a newspaper ad directed at its new competitor.“We’re genuinely excited to have some competition,” it read.In January, Microsoft announced that 420,000 organizations used its Teams product, including 89 of the Fortune 100.After rising for nine years in a so-so economy in the belief that prosperity was just around the corner, stocks swooned, even as growth picked up.That left many investors wondering whether the economy is turning another corner into a place where danger, maybe even a recession and a prolonged bear market, lurk.The S&P 500 dropped 13.5 percent during the fourth quarter, including dividends, giving the index a 4.4 percent loss for the year by that measure. It was the worst performance since 2008, despite strong corporate earnings and the best readings in several decades in unemployment and consumer confidence.As 2019 unfolds and the economic picture becomes clearer, it is possible that stocks will have a sustained, orderly recovery, investment advisers say. But achieving that clarity will take time, so they encourage investors to demand a lot of evidence that a recession will be avoided before they commit money to stocks or other risky assets.“A lot of the derating that happened in the second half of 2018 started off being driven by political risk, but in the last few weeks, it has been driven by concerns about growth and stability,” said Kate Moore, chief equity strategist at BlackRock, referring to the decline in stocks. “I think that’s going to go on in the first few weeks of 2019. Everyone’s focused on economic data.”Ms. Moore highlighted surveys showing weaker-than-expected business conditions and added: “It’s going to take time for that to work itself through the market. I would expect more volatility as we take in new data points.”Just how weak those data points are likely to be is hard to predict.“The underlying fundamentals of the economy certainly have deteriorated,” said Edward Yardeni, president of Yardeni Research. He noted that the five monthly regional business surveys conducted by Federal Reserve districts “were all extremely weak in December.”But the latest employment report was not. It showed 312,000 net jobs created last month.“We have a very mixed economic picture right now,” Mr. Yardeni said. “It all adds up to an economy that’s slowing but probably still growing.” If that’s true, then 2019 may not be so bad for the market.“Stocks are very cheap, with one important qualification,” he said: “You have to believe the economy is not going to wind up in recession.”He then offered another qualification, about forthcoming corporate earnings reports: “We still have to curb our enthusiasm because we can’t get too excited about the earnings outlook.”The tax cuts that took effect in 2018 sent earnings up so much for the year — the latest estimate for the S&P 500 was 20.2 percent, according to FactSet Research — that a 5 percent rise in earnings in 2019, aided by corporate buybacks, is about as much as Wall Street can expect, Mr. Yardeni said. FactSet’s latest forecast is for a 7.3 percent increase.Despite some good days for the market in January that may have been prompted by signs of flexibility from the Federal Reserve, the way stocks tumbled late in the year hardly inspires confidence. With anything like a repeat performance, investors will have to hope that other assets provide better protection than in 2018, when there were few places to hide.“Cash was the only major asset class that posted positive returns in ’18,” according to a Bank of America report. Even the reed-thin 1.9 percent return on cash in money market funds was less than the 2.2 percent consumer inflation rate, the report said, but at least it was a positive number. Long-term government bonds, corporate bonds and gold all lost ground, although they beat the return of the S&P 500. Oil and foreign stocks were among the investments that did worse.The average domestic stock fund lost 14.2 percent in the fourth quarter, with specialists in natural resources, technology and financial services leading the way down. These funds dropped 6.8 percent during the year, according to Morningstar. International stock funds outperformed during the quarter, losing 10.9 percent, but trailed badly for the full year, down 13.2 percent.Bond funds lost 0.9 percent in the quarter and 1 percent for all of 2018. High-yield portfolios were particularly weak, off 4.6 percent for the quarter and 2.8 percent for the year.Such across-the-board weakness is rare “because what tends to be bad for one asset tends to be good for some other asset somewhere,” said Ben Inker, head of asset allocation for the investment firm GMO. “The basic exception is when there is a combination of rising rates and slowing growth. Risky assets don’t like slowing growth, and fixed income doesn’t like rising rates.”Mr. Inker, like many, is worried that the Fed could push a fragile economy into recession. That would be “fairly ugly for valuations” of American stocks, he said, and he would avoid them even if he were confident that a recession could be skirted. He prefers stocks and bonds in emerging markets, which are much cheaper than their counterparts in mature economies.“We’re reasonably bullish on our ability to make money in 2019, just not in the assets most people have most of their money in,” he said.One reason for the poor returns on stocks, especially in December, is that the Fed initially had not seemed to share the fear felt on Wall Street. When the Fed raised its target for short-term interest rates last month, the move was almost universally anticipated, but the statement about economic conditions and monetary policy made after the increase “was not as dovish as the market was hoping for,” said Steve Kane, a bond fund manager at TCW.Recent data “signals an economic slowdown,” and not just in the United States, Mr. Kane said. Surveys “confirm a significant drop in manufacturing activity. There are also signals that growth in China is slowing dramatically and significantly,” he said.The flattening yield curve, with short-term interest rates approaching long-term rates, is consistent with an economy that is running out of steam, and a source of concern in itself. But recent remarks by Jerome H. Powell, the Federal Reserve chairman, that the central bank will have “patience” in deciding whether to raise rates, appeared to cheer the markets.If rates are priced for a slowdown, some corporate bonds are not, Mr. Kane said. At least not yet. Spreads in yields between corporate and government debt have widened, taking bond prices down. Medium-term investment-grade corporate issues yielded 1.76 percentage points more than equivalent Treasury paper, as of Tuesday, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, and an index of high-yield debt yielded 4.65 points more. A two-point cushion is roughly where investment-grade spreads tend to peak during a slowdown, but high-yield spreads typically soar to 10 points.“One should look at the fixed-income market as being more attractive to invest in 2019 than 2018, but one must still invest with some degree of caution, especially in the high-yield market,” he said. “There will be better opportunities later in the year” in high yield, while “there is not too much downside to investment-grade credit at this point.” He called it “a fairly good asset class if we’re in the midst of a bear market in equities.”Stocks that Ms. Moore at BlackRock thinks would do comparatively well against such a backdrop are of companies that are financially strong and able to grow, even when economic growth is modest at best. Health care is her top sector because it has those defensive qualities, as well as pockets of innovation, such as in medical technology, that support high profit margins.She said she is “not throwing in the towel on tech” in general, despite plunging share prices in big names like Apple and Facebook, and she said she particularly likes Asian tech companies. Ms. Moore also is “modestly encouraged” about emerging markets in Latin America and Asia, most notably Brazil and India.Brian Singer, head of dynamic allocation strategies at William Blair & Company, has been investing “with a greater emphasis on risk management,” he said. He finds American stocks “fundamentally less attractive” than others, such as emerging markets, including the two that Ms. Moore mentioned.Among mature economies, Mr. Singer likes Britain, although he would rather wait until the question of its departure from the European Union, Brexit, is settled before stepping in, and Spain. Markets he is shunning, aside from the United States, are Japan, Canada, Mexico and South Africa. As for bonds, he is avoiding the high-yield market, and he talked up the virtues of another asset class that is often overlooked.“In this environment, cash will be a relatively good alternative,” he said. “It won’t be a great return generator, but being cautious and holding cash is not a bad idea. It really is a time to remain defensive and have dry powder on hand.”With so much up in the air, Mr. Yardeni recommends not getting carried away. Investors should be selective about stocks and avoid index-tracking exchange-traded funds.“This is probably a year for stock pickers,” he said. “It’s not a year for E.T.F.s.”He would emphasize domestic stocks and limit exposure to emerging markets, which may suffer from soft commodity prices, and to Europe, which is dealing with thorny issues like Brexit and Italy’s recalcitrance in reining in government spending. The aging population bodes ill for long-term growth in Europe, too, Mr. Yardeni said, something that also applies in China.He favors industries like technology, communications and media, which he expects to benefit over the long haul from the impending introduction of 5G, the fifth generation of mobile communications technology. Big banks and health care companies should do well, too, he said.With investors focused on what’s going wrong, Mr. Kane recommends that they also keep in mind what’s going right, in particular the strong job market, although he noted that employment is often the last indicator to deteriorate as the economic cycle turns.“If that part of the economy holds up, then this may not be a recession,” he said. “You could get a very nice return for stocks if that turns out to be the environment.” But he acknowledged that it’s a big if.A crucial question for him is whether the decline will be fairly mild by the time it’s over, or something more severe, as in the 2008 financial crisis. For all the talk of recession, the losses so far have appeared calm and orderly, suggesting to him that too few investors have been asking the same question.“Whether it’s a garden-variety or end-of-days bear market,” he said, “there’s going to be panic, and we haven’t gotten quite there yet.”On most afternoons, people arrive from across New York City with backpacks and plastic bags filled with boxes of small plastic strips, forming a line on the sidewalk outside a Harlem storefront.Hanging from the awning, a banner reads: “Get cash with your extra diabetic test strips.”Each strip is a laminate of plastic and chemicals little bigger than a fingernail, a single-use diagnostic test for measuring blood sugar. More than 30 million Americans have Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes, and most use several test strips daily to monitor their condition.But at this store on W. 116th Street, each strip is also a lucrative commodity, part of an informal economy in unused strips nationwide. Often the sellers are insured and paid little out of pocket for the strips; the buyers may be underinsured or uninsured, and unable to pay retail prices, which can run well over $100 for a box of 100 strips.Some clinicians are surprised to learn of this vast resale market, but it has existed for decades, an unusual example of the vagaries of American health care. Unlike the resale of prescription drugs, which is prohibited by law, it is generally legal to resell unused test strips. And this store is far from the only place buying. Mobile phones light up with robo-texts: “We buy diabetic test strips!” Online, scores of companies thrive with names like TestStripSearch.com and QuickCash4TestStrips.com.“I’m taking advantage, as are my peers, of a loophole,” said the owner of one popular site, who asked that his name not be used. “We’re allowed to do that. I don’t even think we should be, frankly.”Test strips were first developed in 1965 to provide an immediate reading of blood sugar, or glucose, levels. The user pricks a finger, places a drop of blood on the strip, and inserts it into a meter that provides a reading.The test strips were created for use in doctors’ offices, but by 1980 medical-device manufacturers had designed meters for home use. They became the standard of care for many people with diabetes, who test their blood as often as ten times a day.Test strips are a multi-billion-dollar industry. A 2012 study found that among insulin-dependent patients who monitor their blood sugar, strips accounted for nearly one-quarter of pharmacy costs. Today, four manufacturers account for half of global sales.In a retail pharmacy, name-brand strips command high prices. But like most goods and services in American health care, that number doesn’t reflect what most people pay.The sticker price is the result of behind-the-scenes negotiations between the strips’ manufacturer and insurers. Manufacturers set a high list price and then negotiate to become an insurer’s preferred supplier by offering a hefty rebate. These transactions are invisible to the insured consumer, who might cover a copay, at most. But the arrangement leaves the uninsured — those least able to pay — paying sky-high sticker prices out of pocket. Also left out are the underinsured, who may need to first satisfy a high deductible. For a patient testing their blood many times a day, paying for strips out-of-pocket could add up to thousands of dollars a year. Small wonder, then, that a gray market thrives. The middlemen buy extras from people who obtained strips through insurance, at little cost to themselves, and then resell to the less fortunate.That was the opportunity that caught Chad Langley’s eye. He and his twin brother launched the website Teststripz.com to solicit test strips from the public for resale. Today they buy strips from roughly 8,000 people; their third-floor office in Reading, Mass., receives around 100 deliveries a day.The amount the Langleys pay depends on the brand, expiration date and condition, but the profit margins are reliably high. For example, the brothers will pay $35 plus shipping for a 100-count box of the popular brand Freestyle Lite in mint condition.The Langleys sell the box for $60. CVS, by contrast, retails the strips for $164.The Langleys are mainly buying up excess strips from insured patients who have been flooded with them, sometimes even when not medically necessary. Although patients who manage their diabetes with non-insulin medications or with diet and exercise needn’t test their blood sugar daily, a recent analysis of insurance claims found that nearly one in seven patients still used test strips regularly.‘It’s a tiny little piece of plastic that’s super cheap to manufacture, and they’ve managed to make a cash cow out of it.’Gretchen ObristThe market glut is also a consequence of a strategy adopted by manufacturers to sell patients proprietary meters designed to read only their brand of strips. If a patient’s insurer shifts her to a new brand, she must get a new meter, often leaving behind a supply of useless strips.While some resellers use websites like Amazon or eBay to market strips directly to consumers, the biggest profits are in returning them to retail pharmacies, which sell them as new and bill the customer’s insurance the full price.The insurer reimburses the pharmacy the retail price and then demands a partial rebate from the manufacturer — but it’s a rebate the manufacturer has paid already for this box of strips.Glenn Johnson, general manager for market access at Abbott Diabetes Care, which makes about one in five strips purchased in the United States, said manufacturers lose more than $100 million in profits a year this way, much of it in New York, California and Florida.The company supported a new California law that prohibits pharmacies from acquiring test strips from any but an authorized list of distributors. Mr. Johnson said he has spoken with lawmakers about similar efforts in Florida, New Jersey, New York and Ohio.Such measures leave intact the inflated retail prices that make the gray market possible and which critics say benefit manufacturers and their retail intermediaries, pharmacy benefit managers.In a lawsuit against P.B.M.’s and the dominant test strip manufacturers filed in New Jersey, consumer advocates presented data showing that the average wholesale price for test strips has risen as much as 70 percent over the last decade.They alleged that this has allowed the defendants to pocket an unfair portion of the rebates. The price of a strip would be much lower if it wasn’t fattened by profiteering, said Gretchen Obrist, one of the lawyers who brought the case.“It’s a tiny little piece of plastic that’s super cheap to manufacture, and they’ve managed to make a cash cow out of it,” she said.To justify the rising price of strips, manufacturers point to advances in engineering that have made the strips smaller and more convenient to use. But there is little evidence those features have improved health outcomes for people with diabetes — and with increasingly unaffordable prices, the newfangled test strips may be even less accessible.The markups on strips look particularly stark when compared to the cost of producing them.“Test strips are basically printed, like in a printing press,” said David Kliff, who publishes a newsletter on diabetes. “It’s not brain surgery.”He estimated the typical test strip costs less than a dime to make. The median rents for one-bedroom apartments in the 10 most populous metropolitan markets in the United States were relatively unchanged from December 2018 to January 2019. But over the past year, the differences were more dramatic.Zumper.com’s monthly rent report, which also tracks year-over-year changes, examined a million active listings in the 100 most populated metropolitan areas in the country and found that renters in New York had reason to rejoice, at least a little.Of the 10 most expensive housing markets, New York City was one of only two where rents went down. In the last year, the median one-bedroom rent in the city decreased by about 3 percent, to $2,780.Renters in Washington, D.C., can also celebrate, as the median one-bedroom rent dropped by about 7 percent, to $2,130.In the rest of the 10 costliest markets, median rents were up. But if you live in one of the other 90 major metropolitan areas in the United States, you’re in luck: Overall, median one-bedroom rents were down, by about 2.5 percent.For weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here. Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.Good Friday morning. Want this by email? Sign up here.A thaw in trade talks with China? The market sure hopes soA report from the WSJ on Thursday said that Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin had suggested ending some or all tariffs against China, lifting global stocks even after his agency stressed that trade talks were far from complete.Mr. Mnuchin said that easing the penalties would encourage China to make longer-term concessions while calming jittery markets, according to the report, which cited anonymous sources.The Treasury Department later said that officials had made no recommendations on tariffs.China’s trade czar, Liu He, is scheduled to participate in negotiations in Washington on Jan. 30. After March 1, tariffs on $200 billion in Chinese goods are set to grow to 25 percent from 10 percent.In other China news:• China’s ambassador to Canada warned of “repercussions” if the Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei were blocked from Canada’s 5G network. Huawei’s chief financial officer, Meng Wanzhou, was arrested last month in Vancouver, British Columbia, and the company has also faced resistance and suspicion from Germany, the U.S. and other Western countries.• Foreign investors such as Blackstone Group spent a record $9 billion on commercial real estate in China last year.• Chinese tech companies, stressed by trade tensions, stricter policing of online content and a slowing domestic economy, cut hiring ads 20 percent in the last quarter of 2018.____________________________Today’s DealBook Briefing was written by Andrew Ross Sorkin and Stephen Grocer in New York, and Tiffany Hsu and Gregory Schmidt in Paris.____________________________Paramount, lurching toward irrelevancy, hopes for a turnaroundAfter decades of mismanagement, Paramount Pictures, the once-vaunted studio behind classic films like “The Godfather” and “Chinatown,” is fighting for its existence, write Amy Chozick and Brooks Barnes.The challenge: The studio racked up nearly $900 million in losses in the last two years. It has placed last at the domestic box office for seven years running. It shed its lucrative TV business years ago. And the Paramount lot is long overdue for improvements.The competition: The old-line film business is going to become tougher as streaming services proliferate. Netflix will pump out about 90 movies this year. Apple intends to roll out its multibillion-dollar TV and movie offering, and Facebook has become serious about its Watch video-on-demand platform.The solution: Paramount restarted television production in 2013 and now has nine series running, including “Jack Ryan” on Amazon Prime. It hired one of Hollywood’s top producers, Wyck Godfrey, as president of the film division. And it hopes to make 17 movies in 2020, with a focus on big budgets and global audiences.Playground brawls on Capitol HillOn the 28th day of the government shutdown, Washington feels like “an unruly sandbox,” where “septuagenarian politicians are squabbling like 7-year-olds,” writes Mark Landler.Speaker Nancy Pelosi, who had pressed President Trump to postpone his State of the Union address, received his sarcasm-laced response on Thursday.Without mentioning the speech, the president said he was canceling a secret trip for Ms. Pelosi and other members of Congress to meet with NATO officials in Brussels and visit American troops in Afghanistan. She was expected to depart Thursday on a military aircraft; Mr. Trump said she could fly commercial, “obviously.”Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, was not amused. He said in a statement:“One sophomoric response does not deserve another.”President Trump also canceled a U.S. delegation set to attend the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. But Melania Trump, the first lady, kept her plans to fly on a military jet to the family’s Mar-a-Lago compound in Florida.The stalemate over Homeland Security spending has grown increasingly bitter. Democrats suggested they would introduce their own proposals for protecting the country’s borders.Meanwhile, tens of thousands of federal employees have sought unemployment benefits, with more filing claims every week.PG&E bankruptcy could hurt its solar-power suppliersPacific Gas and Electric promised that its customers’ lights would stay on if it followed through on plans to file for bankruptcy this month. But a filing could be wrenching for power producers, especially those in renewable resources, write Ivan Penn and Peter Eavis.PG&E said that it would use bankruptcy protection to resolve huge liabilities arising from deadly wildfires in California. Such a move would allow it to walk away from older contracts with suppliers, particularly those with developers of renewable energy that were negotiated when solar panel prices were higher.Credit Suisse analysts estimate that PG&E could save $2.2 billion a year by renegotiating renewable power contracts down to current market prices.More news: The prospective bankruptcy has exposed the risks of green-power investments: If the utility can renegotiate high-cost contracts, other companies will do the same. Fitch Ratings said the planned bankruptcy would not damage California’s credit rating.Rihanna: pop star, actress, entrepreneur … luxury fashion brand?She was named fashion icon of the year by the Council of Fashion Designers of America in 2014. She became Dior’s first black brand ambassador in 2015. Her Fenty Beauty cosmetics line is intensely popular; her Fenty x Savage lingerie collection debuted to great acclaim at New York Fashion Week.It looks like LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, the parent company of Dior, Givenchy and Fendi, could do worse than partnering with Robyn Rihanna Fenty.The luxury conglomerate is working on a deal that would make Rihanna its first female designer of color. The partnership would build a brand from scratch in a way the company hasn’t tried since starting the Christian Lacroix label in 1987, according to anonymous sources.The deal would be “a turning point in both fashion and fame,” writes Vanessa Friedman, who calls it:“The clearest expression yet of how celebrity, social media and influencers have redefined the power balance between culture and consumption, changing the way brands of all kinds relate to their audience.”Wall Street is nervous about luxury spending, however, as stock market declines in recent months could compel consumers to scale back purchases, according to an analysis from Goldman Sachs.Revolving doorNews Corporation said that Jesse Angelo was stepping down as publisher and chief executive at The New York Post. He is to be replaced by Sean Giancola, The Post’s chief revenue officer. (NYT)Justin Dearborn, the chief executive of Tribune Publishing, will be succeeded by the newspaper company’s president, Tim Knight. (Bloomberg)Adrian Croxson, head of European equities for the hedge fund Och-Ziff, is leaving the firm after a difficult period of performance. (FT)The speed readDeals • Sears’s creditors oppose the retailer’s proposed sale to Edward Lampert, and are seeking to sue him for the “excruciating, slow-motion destruction” of the company. (WSJ)• Alstom warned that European regulators could block its planned merger with Siemens. (Bloomberg)• Maoyan Entertainment, the biggest online movie ticketing platform in China, is seeking to raise as much as $345 million in an initial public offering. (Bloomberg)Tech • Tesla said it would cut its work force about 7 percent, citing difficulties in making affordable electric cars for the mass market. (NYT)• Netflix said its first-quarter revenue would miss Wall Street estimates, sending its shares down in after-hours trading. (Reuters)• Google is spending $40 million to acquire smartwatch technology from Fossil. (CNBC)• Facebook removed nearly 500 pages and accounts targeted at Eastern Europe and Central Asia, saying they were disinformation campaigns originating from Russia. (NYT)Politics and policy • Michael Cohen hired a small tech firm try to rig online polls in Donald Trump’s favor before the presidential campaign, and then allegedly stiffed the owner. (WSJ)• The law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom will pay the government $4.6 million to settle an investigation into its work in Ukraine with Paul Manafort, President Trump’s former campaign chairman. (NYT)• Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, wants Wells Fargo kicked off college campuses, saying the bank charged “struggling college students exorbitant fees.” (Bloomberg)Best of the rest • Leslie Moonves plans to fight for the $120 million severance payment that CBS denied him. T (NYT)• “Humility,” “ethics” and “simplicity” are not words usually associated with investment titans, but they surfaced constantly in descriptions of Vanguard’s John Bogle. (NYT)• A tower rises at Hudson Yards amid an epic test of wills between Stephen Ross, a powerful developer, and New York’s mightiest construction union. (FT)• The Rhine, a crucial commercial artery in Europe for moving coal, food and thousands of other goods, is running dry because of climate change. (Bloomberg)• A vestige of corporate culture in Asia, where men openly drink with colleagues or clients alongside paid female escorts, persists in the #MeToo movement. (Bloomberg)• Americans, especially millennials, are scaling back their alcohol intake. (WSJ)• Popular definitions for “bear markets” aren’t scientifically based, the economist Robert Shiller says, yet they can contribute to downward spirals. (NYT)• Fine wine is targeted by fake wine-buying companies in a familiar investment fraud. (FT)• As part of the U.S. government’s investigation into Volkswagen’s diesel emissions cheating scandal, a grand jury in Detroit indicted four managers at the company’s luxury Audi unit. (Reuters)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you on Tuesday.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.BANGKOK — Next to a row of luxury hotels in a bustling business district here in Bangkok, the art gallery Nova Contemporary occupies a former storage area at the base of a high-rise apartment building.“There’s no gallery area per se in Bangkok, so this is fairly normal,” said Nova’s cheery owner, Sutima Sucharitakul, of the location of her sleek space. “Everything is fairly spread out.”On view at Nova through Sunday is a conceptual exhibition called “The Uncertain,” featuring works by the Thai artist Jedsada Tangtrakulwong.By design, the show changes depending on the weather: On sunny days, some of the works are not available to be seen, remaining hidden in various ways, and the response to that offbeat approach has been mixed. Some visitors have been angered and have shared their feelings emphatically with Ms. Sucharitakul and her staff.“This is pretty advanced for Bangkok,” she said with a shrug.Her hunt for an appreciative new audience for her artists is precisely why she will show her wares for the first time at Art Basel Hong Kong, alongside about 240 other dealers, from Friday through Sunday at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Center.Nova reflects the stronger Southeast Asian presence at the fair, now in its seventh edition, demonstrating the event’s status as a market hub in a vast and diverse region.There is no shortage of collectors with money or artists with ideas; they simply need a place to find each other.“The presence of the Southeast Asian dealers is quite remarkable this year, and quite varied,” said Adeline Ooi, the Asia director for Art Basel.“It’s wonderful — but I’m biased since I’m from Malaysia,” she said, laughing.In addition to galleries from mainland China, Hong Kong, South Korea, and Japan — already known as market forces — the fair this year includes Richard Koh Fine Art, with spaces in Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore; Artinformal and Silverlens, both from Manila; and Nadi Gallery and ROH Projects from Jakarta, Indonesia.“People think the Asian market equals the Chinese market, and that’s not true,” Ms. Ooi said. “Asia is a puzzle. But every year at the fair, we peel back a new layer and it gets deeper.”Part of the issue is vast geography. The fair features six galleries that have exhibition spaces in India, which is more than 2,000 miles from Hong Kong.“Asia is so massive,” Ms. Ooi said. “People think we know each other, and we don’t. We’re all still learning about each other.”She added, “It’s one of the things that makes me hopeful — the show can be a platform for movements that don’t always catch the attention of the art world.”Marc Spiegler, the global director of Art Basel, said he was in awe of the “unparalleled diversity” on hand.“It’s been a voyage of discovery to do a fair in Asia and dig into the real complexity,” Mr. Spiegler said. “You have countries that are Buddhist or Christian or secular, colonizers and the colonized, and dozens of languages.”By contrast, Europe — where Art Basel started and where it stages a fair in Basel, Switzerland, in June — “is so small that cultures bleed together,” he added. (There’s also a Miami Beach fair in December.)Like Ms. Ooi, Mr. Spiegler said that he thought the contingents from Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia and other neighboring countries were significant.“The Southeast Asian element is often underestimated by the market in terms of the collectors, galleries and the artists,” he said.That was certainly the opinion of Jun Tirtadji when he founded ROH Projects in Jakarta six years ago. “We felt there was a need in Indonesia,” Mr. Tirtadji said. “There’s so much talent here.”ROH has been participating in Art Basel Hong Kong for five years, and the fair has helped shape the business beyond just the few days of the event.“We have learned so much from Adeline and Marc,” Mr. Tirtadji said. “I attribute a lot of our success to them. They took it upon themselves to provide a guiding framework for how a gallery should be run.”ROH specializes in emerging Asian contemporary talents, and this year it features eight artists including Arin Dwihartanto Sunaryo, an abstract painter based in Bandung, Indonesia, who works with pigmented resin and ash, forming paintings with his hands instead of a brush.Mr. Tirtadji said that the scene in Jakarta, in all its contradictions, had to be viewed through a different lens from that of New York or Hong Kong.“The art world in Indonesia is quite cosmopolitan,” he said. He added, “But many of our collectors are buying their first piece of art with us.”Isa Lorenzo, the founder of Silverlens, has been showing at the fair since it was called Art HK, before it was bought by Art Basel’s parent company.“There’s definitely a north-south division,” she said of the Asian market. “The north is much bigger economically, but fewer items are bought and sold. In the south, it’s more chaotic, but a lot more is bought and sold, at lower price points.”At Silverlens, Ms. Lorenzo changes exhibitions regularly, “and every opening is packed,” she said. “It’s a vibrant arts scene and very community-oriented in the Philippines. We have zero government funding for the arts. We have to all hold hands and make it happen ourselves.”In the fair’s Kabinett sector, Silverlens will present the work of Pacita Abad (1946-2004), a Philippine artist who lived all over the world, including the United States. The booth will display pieces from her “Masks and Spirits” series.“She did a combination of quilting, painting and sewing objects onto canvas,” Ms. Lorenzo said. “It’s an alchemy that combines all these traditions.”Despite her presence in collections around the world, to Ms. Lorenzo’s mind the artists is “still somewhat under the radar, and needs to be represented everywhere as a major artist.”Hong Kong’s reputation has also been attracting Western galleries.Ms. Ooi said organizers were excited about the “heavyweights” taking part for the first time this year, including the New York dealers Paula Cooper and Matthew Marks.The dealer Almine Rech, who has galleries in Paris, London, Brussels and New York — and will soon open one in Shanghai — has had a booth at Art Basel Hong Kong since the first edition.“For us, the Asian market is ever more important — especially in the last two or three years,” Ms. Rech said.As a dealer accustomed to far-flung transactions, Ms. Rech said that the Asian market was still “a very different world.”“Collectors often want to have an adviser on hand, and they want to have a dialogue about an artwork right in front of a piece,” she said. “They take time, they have a long discussion and then they make a decision.”By contrast, Ms. Rech said, “Americans feel they know a lot already.”Her selection at the fair will include works by Picasso, Peter Halley and Tom Wesselmann.For her part, Ms. Sucharitakul’s Nova Contemporary booth will show sculptures and videos by the artist Moe Satt, who lives and works in Myanmar, in the fair’s Discoveries sector.The centerpiece of the booth is “Dove With Revolution Hand,” a sculpture by Mr. Satt that addresses the 1988 civil uprising in Myanmar.As Ms. Sucharitakul has learned, the reaction of collectors to a given work is anyone’s guess. But shortly before the fair, she was hopeful not only for sales, but also for the biggest Thai collectors back home to know that she was a part of Art Basel Hong Kong.“It will get me a lot of respect,” she said. “People know what this fair is, and that it means something.”Anyone paying attention to financial markets in recent months knew that the Federal Reserve’s management of the economy was perhaps the single most important question on the minds of investors.The Fed, of course, has been raising interest rates, including four increases last year, which unnerved many investors. These days, though, the focus has shifted to what the central bank will do with another tool it previously used to stoke economic growth.As part of its campaign to rescue the economy after the 2008 financial crisis, the Fed bought enormous quantities of bonds issued or guaranteed by the federal government. Now the question is how quickly, and by how much, it will shrink that pile. On Wednesday, the Fed left rates unchanged and signaled that it could slow its bond sales if economic and financial conditions change. Investors cheered, with the S&P 500 rising about 1.5 percent. The index is up nearly 7 percent this year.Once an area of interest for only the most intrepid of Fed watchers, the bond portfolio has started to overshadow more fundamental economic concerns, like China’s slowing economy and the government shutdown. Since last year, the Fed has been reducing its bond stockpile by up to $50 billion a month. Investors increasingly point to the trend to explain the ugly performances of virtually every kind of investment in 2018. Even President Trump weighed in, tweeting in December that the Fed should “Stop with the 50 B’s.”Players in the markets have bestowed the Fed’s bond-shedding policy with its very own nickname: quantitative tightening, or Q.T.So what is quantitative tightening? How is it supposed to work? And how much of an impact is it having on markets? Read on.Before there was Q.T., there was Q.E.The first thing to know is that quantitative tightening is basically the slow unwinding of a series of policies put in place to counter the financial crisis. A decade ago, that crisis nearly pushed the United States into a second Great Depression. Financial markets crashed. Unemployment surged. Economic growth collapsed. By law, the Fed is supposed to fight unemployment. So, when recession rears its head, the central bank steps in, typically by cutting the short-term interest rates it controls. By the end of 2008, it had slashed them essentially to zero. During normal times, short-term interest rates have a strong influence on how much it costs consumers and companies to borrow money. But during the financial crisis, the Fed’s rate cuts barely budged longer-term borrowing rates, which stayed stubbornly high. Investors were so spooked that they refused to put their money into anything other than super-safe, short-term government bonds. The Fed needed to push longer-term interest rates down. With short-term rates at their lowest possible levels, the central bank went looking for new tools. And that is how quantitative easing was born. In early 2009, the Fed started buying immense quantities of bonds — trying to drive their prices up and their rates down. By 2014, the Fed was the proud owner of roughly $2.5 trillion worth of Treasury bonds and more than $1.5 trillion of government-backed mortgage bonds. Did it work?Yes. The Fed’s bond-buying didn’t immediately cure every economic ill brought on by the recession. The United States would limp through nearly a decade of sluggish growth, even as the Fed continued to devour bonds. But the consensus among investors and policymakers is that all of the bond purchases helped push key borrowing rates — such as those for 30-year fixed-rate mortgages and for corporate bonds — to their lowest levels in a generation. That made loans at least a little more affordable and offered some support to the fragile economy. In the stock and bond markets, the power of the Fed’s campaign was even more pronounced. By pumping trillions of dollars into the financial system, quantitative easing propped up the value of stocks, bonds and all sorts of other assets. Few in the markets think it a coincidence that the beginning of Q.E. was also the beginning of the longest bull market in history.Now comes Q.T.A decade later, the economy is in much better shape. Unemployment is at its lowest level in decades. Early data indicates that the economy last year grew at its fastest clip since 2005. Wages are even starting to rise. To the central bank, those rosy economic signs meant it was time to start removing some of the scaffolding it had erected to support the crumbling economy. The Fed started raising interest rates in December 2015. And it has also started to shrink its hoard of bonds. Last year, the Fed’s portfolio declined by more than $350 billion — the sharpest reduction since the crisis. You may have also noticed that the financial markets were battered last year. Almost every type of investment seemed to suffer the same lackluster returns. The S&P 500 was down 6.2 percent. High-quality corporate bonds sank 6.4 percent. United States Treasury bonds generated a paltry 0.9 percent return. A collapse in crude oil prices sent commodities down more than 15 percent. In fact, it was the first time in decades that virtually all major classes of investments suffered in sync, with none posting returns in excess of 5 percent. The concern over Q.T. flared in December. As stock markets swung wildly, Jerome H. Powell, the Fed chairman, played down the chance that the central bank would change its approach to its steady bond reductions, which he described as being on “automatic pilot.” The stock market sank about 6 percent in the days after that statement. The Fed’s shrinking bond portfolio isn’t entirely to blame for the carnage of 2018. Plenty of other things had investors worrying: a slowdown in global growth, weakening corporate profits, the trade war with China and the Fed’s rate increases.Economists inside and outside the Fed say the impact last year should have been relatively small. After all, the gradual, recurring bond reductions were set in motion years ago, and should have been incorporated into prices in financial markets.Nevertheless, investors welcomed the Fed’s message on Wednesday that it could change its plans to reduce its bond holdings. The central bank said in a news release that it was “prepared to adjust any of the details for completing balance sheet normalization in light of economic and financial developments.” In a news conference, Mr. Powell also suggested that the decline of the Fed’s bond holdings could stop sooner and leave the Fed with a larger supply of bonds than previously thought. “Any conversation about the balance sheet that does not use the word autopilot is good,” said Scott Wren, senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute.  NEW YORK — The latest on developments in financial markets (all times local):4 p.m.Stocks are closing broadly higher on Wall Street, giving the S&P 500 index its third weekly gain in a row and putting it within reach of the record high it hit last September.Banks led the gains Friday after JPMorgan Chase reported a strong quarter, helped by higher interest rates. The country's largest bank by assets rose 4.7%. Other banks also rose.Disney soared 11.5% after unveiling a new video streaming service to go up against Netflix, the industry leader. Netflix fell 4.5%.The S&P 500 rose 19 points, or 0.7%, to 2,907.The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 269 points, or 1%, to 26,412. The Nasdaq rose 36 points, or 0.5%, to 7,984.Bond prices fell. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury rose to 2.56%.___11:45 a.m.Stocks are rising broadly in midday trading on Wall Street, putting the S&P 500 index on track to post its third straight weekly gain.Banks are leading the way higher Friday. JPMorgan Chase jumped 4.5% after reporting a solid increase in earnings. Other banks also rose.Disney soared 10.3% after unveiling a new video streaming service to go up against Netflix. Netflix was off 3.9%.Chevron sank 4.6% after announcing a deal to buy Anadarko Petroleum for $33 billion. Anadarko skyrocketed 33.7% higher.The S&P 500 rose 13 points, or 0.5%, to 2,901.The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 209 points, or 0.8%, to 26,350. The Nasdaq rose 18 points, or 0.2%, to 7,966.Bond prices fell. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury rose to 2.55%.___9:35 a.m.Stocks are broadly higher on Wall Street in early trading as banks and media companies move higher.JPMorgan Chase jumped 3.5% early Friday after reporting a solid increase in earnings, and Disney soared 10.5% after unveiling a new video streaming service to go up against Netflix. Netflix was off 3.1%.Chevron sank 4.6% after announcing a deal to buy Anadarko Petroleum for $33 billion. Anadarko skyrocketed 32.5% higher.The S&P 500 index rose 18 points, or 0.6%, to 2,906.The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 256 points, or 1%, to 26,410. The Nasdaq rose 38 points, or 0.5%, to 7,985.Bond prices fell sharply, sending yields higher. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury rose to 2.55% from 2.50% late Thursday.Good Monday morning. Want this by email? Sign up here.A ‘chip dip’ threatens Big Tech’s cloutFrom Apple to Nvidia, tech companies say that business is slowing. What’s happening?Big tech companies are reporting lackluster results. Weak Chinese consumer demand blew a $9 billion hole in Apple’s latest quarterly sales. Nvidia warned last month that its revenue would come in 20 percent below expectations. Intel’s January financials didn’t meet forecasts. And Samsung’s sales plunged 10 percent in the fourth quarter.Behind the trend: semiconductors. “China, smartphones, Bitcoin and cloud computing have been among the major drivers of the long tech boom, which in turn has powered the global economy for the last decade. The ingredient common to all of these sectors is computer chips, which form the brains of devices and whose ubiquity means they provide early signals about changes in supply and demand,” write David Streitfeld and Don Clark of the NYT. With chip manufacturers predicting slumping sales for 2019, tech more generally could be in line for a slowdown.Sound familiar? “The notion that a chip dip could lead to a general downturn evokes memories of 2000, when one day tech had an unlimited future and the next it was crashing in what became known as the dot-com bust,” write Mr. Streitfeld and Mr. Clark.And the industry no longer carries the stock market. For years, stock market performance have been tied to the fortunes of the largest tech companies: Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft and Netflix. As the S&P 500 pushed to a record high last summer, rises in those six companies’ share prices accounted for half of its gain. But when the index rallied nearly 8 percent in January, Stephen Grocer writes, their stocks accounted for just 17 percent of the rise.Lloyd Blankfein may pay for Goldman’s links to 1MDBThe former Goldman Sachs C.E.O. — as well as his successor, David Solomon, and other top executives — may have to give back some compensation from 2018, depending on the findings of an investigation into the firm’s work with the scandal-ridden Malaysian investment fund 1MDB.The announcement, made in a regulatory filing on Friday, shows how seriously Goldman is treating any role it may have had in fraud committed at 1MDB. Prosecutors in the U.S. and Malaysia are leading criminal investigations into 1MDB, and a former top deal maker at the firm has pleaded guilty to bribery, conspiracy and money laundering charges. Goldman says it’s cooperating with authorities.The WSJ calculates that Mr. Blankfein, who stepped down as chief executive of Goldman last year, might lose millions. And though Mr. Solomon wasn’t a top-ranking Goldman executive at the time, he could see some of his $23 million pay for last year clawed back as well. (Gary Cohn, who was Goldman’s No. 2 during the 1MDB work and received a lump payout when he left the firm in 2017, wouldn’t be affected.)In lighter Goldman news: Mr. Solomon, whose side hustle is DJing as DJ D-Sol, has released his second single, “Feel Alive.”Deutsche Bank refused Trump a loan in 2016For two decades, Deutsche Bank was the only major lender to give Donald Trump money, helping him finance his real estate operations. But when he sought a loan in early 2016 to help pay for a Scottish golf course — all while running for president — the German lender said no.More from David Enrich, Jesse Drucker and Ben Protess of the NYT:Senior officials at the bank, including its future chief executive, believed that Mr. Trump’s divisive candidacy made such a loan too risky, the people said. Among their concerns was that if Mr. Trump won the election and then defaulted, Deutsche Bank would have to choose between not collecting on the debt or seizing the assets of the president of the United States.What’s next: Expect House Democrats to include this in their investigation of Mr. Trump’s finances.More Deutsche Bank news: The lender reportedly scrambled to rid itself of a $600 million loan made to VTB, a Russian state-owned bank, in late 2016 as the German bank sought to reduce its exposure to Russian entities.How an S.U.V. became a Brexit warning signThe automaker Nissan confirmed yesterday that it had abandoned plans to build its new X-Trail sport utility vehicle in Britain and said that the car would be produced solely in Japan. It’s a blow for the British economy, and a clear signal that uncertainty over Britain’s withdrawal from the E.U. is weighing on corporate minds.A clear culprit. “The continued uncertainty around the U.K.’s future relationship with the E.U. is not helping companies like ours to plan for the future,” Nissan’s Europe chairman, Gianluca de Ficchy, said in a statement. Greg Clark, Britain’s business secretary, told the FT that it was “a warning sign” about how much damage could be caused by a no-deal Brexit.Nissan is not alone. British C.F.O.s say that Brexit is currently the largest threat to their businesses. Some 78 percent of those surveyed said that the business environment in the nation would deteriorate if Britain left the E.U.What now? Prime Minister Theresa May is set to return to Brussels in the coming days in an attempt to redraft her Brexit deal. In the meantime, Bloomberg reports that she “will launch a new government working group intended to unite the feuding pro- and anti-Brexit factions” in her party.The oil field that made American oil greatThe U.S. is now the top oil producer in the world, able to sway petroleum prices and breezily sanction Iran and Venezuela. The reason, as Cliff Krauss of the NYT notes: the Permian Basin, the heart of America’s shale industry.How big is it? It covers the same area as South Dakota, and produces four million barrels of oil a day — making it a bigger generator of oil than any member of OPEC other than Iraq and Saudi Arabia.What makes it special? It’s huge and rich in oil rather than in less-valuable natural gas. And it’s close to refineries on the Gulf of Mexico.What could go wrong? Oil companies there might pump too much, drawing ire from OPEC. As Scott Sheffield, the chairman of Pioneer Natural Resources, told the NYT: “You could have another price war.” And U.S. sanctions on Venezuelan crude could hurt American refineries, which can’t rely solely on the Permian.Hungry for ‘executive time’ in your calendar? Study Trump’s schedule and weepAxios has published almost three months of President Trump’s schedules after they were leaked, reportedly by somebody in the White House. Some highlights:• “Trump has spent around 60 percent of his scheduled time over the past three months in unstructured ‘Executive Time.’ ”• “He spends his mornings in the residence, watching TV, reading the papers, and responding to what he sees and reads by phoning aides, members of Congress, friends, administration officials and informal advisers,” six people with direct knowledge of his schedule told Axios.• “Trump’s first meeting of the day — usually around 11 or 11:30 a.m. — is often an intelligence briefing or a 30-minute meeting with the chief of staff.”• “The president sometimes has meetings during Executive Time that he doesn’t want most West Wing staff to know about for fear of leaks. And his mornings sometimes include calls with heads of state, political meetings and meetings with counsel in the residence, which aren’t captured on these schedules.”Bonus: Axios also compared the schedules with those of Mr. Trump’s predecessors. He appears to share most in common with Bill Clinton’s early days in office.2019’s Super Bowl ads: nostalgia, wokeness and depressing techO.K., so the game itself may have been a slog to watch, and the halftime show was forgettable. But for those of you who came for the ads, here are the themes that dominated — to the tune of $5.2 million per 30 seconds of airtime.The ’90s: Stella Artois featured Carrie Bradshaw from “Sex and the City” and the Dude from “The Big Lebowski.” Doritos put the Backstreet Boys front and center.Social consciousness: The dating app Bumble hired Serena Williams to urge women to “make the first move” in all parts of their lives. And Budweiser touted renewable energy in an ad featuring a cute dog.The downsides of tech: Olay’s spot showed the actress Sarah Michelle Gellar struggling to save herself from a home intruder when her phone’s facial-recognition software fails. An ad for Pringles featured a smart speaker bemoaning its existence. And TurboTax built an ad around a robot boy craving a late-night snack.Revolving doorApple reportedly removed Bill Stasior as the head of its Siri virtual assistant unit, though he remains at the company.Gianni Infantino is poised to win a second term as president of FIFA, soccer’s global governing body.SoftBank of Japan hired Sarah Lubman, most recently a partner at the Brunswick Group, as a partner in corporate communications.The speed readDeals• Spotify is said to be in talks to buy the podcasting company Gimlet Media. (NYT)• The drug companies Bristol-Myers Squibb and Celgene will pay about $304 million in fees to their investment banks for arranging their $74 billion union. (FT)• KKR is said to be weighing a sale of the chip-making equipment unit of Hitachi Kokusai. (FT)• SoftBank’s Vision Fund is in talks to invest up to $1.5 billion in Guazi.com, a Chinese used-car sales platform. (Reuters)• Maoyan Entertainment, a Chinese movie-ticket giant, fell 2.7 percent in its Hong Kong stock debut on Monday, the latest flubbed I.P.O. by a Chinese tech company. (Reuters)Politics and policy• The senators Chuck Schumer and Bernie Sanders have proposed limiting corporate stock buybacks. (NYT Op-Ed)• Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota, reintroduced legislation aimed at strengthening enforcement of antitrust laws. (Reuters)• Michael Bloomberg is said to be reconsidering running for president as Democratic primary voters appear to be favoring more liberal contenders. (Axios)• President Trump declined to commit to making public any final report by the special prosecutor Robert Mueller. (NYT)Trade• Chinese state-owned firms bought a million tons of American soybeans on Friday, a day after talks on a trade deal between Beijing and Washington yielded progress. (NYT)• Despite a possible U.S.-China agreement, global trade continues to suffer. (WSJ)• European investment funds are worried about their ability to trade dual-listed stocks like those of Unilever and Shell if Britain leaves the E.U. without a deal. (FT)Tech• Venture capitalists are telling start-ups to stockpile cash ahead of a potential economic slowdown. (FT)• Meet the man behind the egg picture that became Instagram’s most-liked image. Surprise: He works in advertising. (NYT)• Cisco wants a U.S. version of Europe’s strict new data privacy rules. (FT)• How lawmakers plan to update tech in Congress — including its 2000-era internet connections. (WSJ)• Foxconn said it was still committed to building a factory in Wisconsin. (NYT)• It’s not just you: Captchas — which you complete to prove you’re not a robot — have gotten far harder. (Verge)Best of the rest• Vice Media plans to lay off 250 workers. Here’s what went wrong for the company and for other digital news organizations like BuzzFeed. (FT, NYT)• McKinsey advised the maker of OxyContin on how to “turbocharge” opioid sales, a lawsuit alleges. (NYT)• Why taxing the wealthy is so hard. (NYT)• Gains from President Trump’s corporate tax cuts aren’t as impressive as they first appeared. (WSJ)• How China got MSCI to add its market to one of the world’s best-known global benchmarks. (WSJ)• Ikea plans to test furniture leasing. (FT)• Hershey blames manufacturing processes for missing tips on its Kisses. (NYT)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you tomorrow.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com.After months of stock market declines, investment strategists are divided on appropriate responses.There is a range of possible approaches, none as simple as the kind of straightforward investing that can lead to immediate rewards when the market is consistently rising.Chris Brightman, chief investment officer at the investment advisory service Research Affiliates, for example, is currently unimpressed with most stocks.“We do advise our investors to hold lower allocations to global equities — particularly U.S. equities — than normal,” Mr. Brightman said. He urged broad diversification into such vehicles as Treasury Inflation Protected Securities, commodities and real estate investment trusts, as well as a tax-sheltered structure known as a master limited partnership. But he concedes that with “the exception of M.L.P.s,” all are expensively priced.Holding cash, in the form of a money-market fund, is another answer, but it is far from perfect, he said. “The problem with cash is you don’t make any money,” Mr. Brightman said. “It’s the safest place to keep your money, but you get zero real return.”Nick Kalivas, senior equity product strategist at Invesco, said it was worth at least “thinking about” tweaking a portfolio to fortify it against risk.He suggests funds that focus on stocks specifically selected because their fluctuations are low: They are known as low-volatility stocks, and they have outperformed the S&P 500 in 14 of the last 15 market downturns since 2011, according to Invesco.Four times a year, Invesco compiles a list of the lowest-volatility stocks in the S&P 500. These are the companies whose shares are least affected by market turbulence. The current list features Coca-Cola as the least-volatile equity, followed by two utilities, the WEC Energy Group and Duke Energy, according to Mr. Kalivas.Low-volatility stocks outperformed the market for most of 2018, according to Mo Haghbin, head of product research and development for Oppenheimer funds. Through December, portfolios of low-volatility stocks in the Oppenheimer Russell 1000 Dynamic Multifactor Exchange-Traded Fund lost 2.43 percent as opposed to the fund’s benchmark, the Russell 1000, which lost 4.78 percent, Mr. Haghbin said. High-quality companies — defined by superior grades on such metrics as return on assets, profits, margins and leverage — also outperformed, losing 2.68 percent.But investors who shift toward low-volatility portfolios should remember that such portfolios have historically lagged once the market turns up.Two low-volatility E.T.F.s that outperformed the S&P 500 in 2018 were: Hartford Multifactor Low Volatility US Equity E.T.F., which was basically flat, and Invesco S&P 500 Low Volatility E.T.F., which lost just over 2 percent. The S&P 500 was down 6.2 percent last year.Investors may also be wondering what to do about tech stocks, especially the Faangs (Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Netflix and Google), which have been losing altitude rapidly after a seemingly endless ascent.Through December, Facebook and Netflix were both down over 35 percent from their highs of last year. Apple and Amazon were each off more than 25 percent from their 2018 highs.Although Kevin Landis is portfolio manager of the tech-focused Firsthand Technology Opportunities fund, he said he is wary of the big tech stocks. “When companies get bigger, they start looking more and more like government agencies,” he said. “Even the biggest opportunities are at the saturation point. There’s only so many iPhones you can sell.”With evidence of rising public concern about consumer privacy, Mr. Landis said, he expects to see greater regulation. “I spent the last 15 to 20 years being appalled at how readily people surrendered their own privacy,” he said. “I welcome the idea that they’ve become more aware.”Mr. Landis said there were still good values in smaller tech companies. One major holding is Roku, which hopes to lure consumers who subscribe to cable. He contrasted its market cap of under $4 billion with Netflix’s $111 billion market cap and said Roku was a better value.But many advisers say investors should simply hold tight. Brian McMahon, manager of the Thornburg Investment Income Builder mutual fund, said that in many ways, the recent downturn “is pretty normal. This is not something to panic about.” He said his largest investment, the CME Group, benefits from an active market. It makes good profits when people trade on options and futures contracts made on its platforms, he said. “CME Group benefits from volatility,” he said.In a similar vein, Kate Moore, chief equity strategist at BlackRock, said, “This is not a time to derisk and become completely defensive.” There are still “pockets of quality” in the volatile markets, she added, citing the Chinese tech sector as one example.But she said there were at least two major threats in the longer term. “We are increasingly concerned about long-term deficits and their impact on the bond market,” she said. Bonds, already pressured in the near term by Federal Reserve rate increases, could also face long-term rate pressure from the ballooning Treasury financing required by mounting budget deficits.Ms. Moore also said tech stocks could eventually lose value if new regulations were imposed to protect consumer privacy. “We don’t expect any major regulatory changes in 2019,” she said. “We certainly expect the government will impose regulations over the medium term.”Mr. Haghbin of Oppenheimer emphasized that portfolio decisions should reflect an investor’s view of the larger economy. “If an investor feels that growth will continue to slow and risk appetite continue to decline, historically he would emphasize high-quality and low-volatility companies.”But, as Mr. Haghbin warned, investors may need to be nimble. “Things can change very quickly,” he said.The Bull Market Began 10 Years Ago. Why Aren’t More People Celebrating?Americans are still scarred by the financial crisis, and the fruits of this decade’s record-breaking rally fell mostly to the rich.By Matt PhillipsMarch 9, 2019The financial system had nearly collapsed. The deepest recession in decades was devouring over 700,000 jobs a month. Roughly $13 trillion in stock market wealth, slowly rebuilt since the dot-com bust, had again been incinerated. It was March 2009. And it was one of the best times in a generation to buy stocks.A decade later, the bull market that began back then ranks among the great rallies in stock-market history. The 305 percent surge in the S&P 500 is the index’s second-best run ever.The rise has generated more than $30 trillion in wealth. Adjusted for inflation, that is the most created during any bull run on record, edging out the $25 trillion in gains during the epic streak from December 1987 to March 2000, which ended with the bursting of the dot-com bubble, according to Federal Reserve data.But compared with Americans’ attitudes during that earlier climb, reactions to the latest rally are downright subdued. There has been no frenzy for stock trading. Nobody is quitting an accounting, advertising, or waitressing job to concentrate on day trading.Why so somber? The psychological and financial damage inflicted by the 2008 financial crisis and the ensuing Great Recession continue to weigh heavily. Fewer people are invested in stocks than before that meltdown, and many of them are wary of taking their gains for granted. That caution could last for decades.“This was probably the most disliked or most suspected rally that we’ve ever had in the stock market,” said Charles Geisst, a professor at Manhattan College who has studied the history of financial markets. Birth of the BullOn March 9, 2009, the day the bull market was born, the stock market, like the economy, was in deep, seemingly existential distress. The S&P 500 was down 57 percent from its 2007 peak. Compounding the pain was the nationwide collapse in home prices, which landed a direct hit on most households’ greatest source of wealth. The one-two punch destroyed the finances of millions of families. Between 2007 and 2010, the median wealth of a household in the United States dropped 44 percent, knocked below 1969 levels.Every crash has a bottom, though, and in March 2009, the Federal Reserve announced that it would spend $1 trillion in newly created dollars on government and mortgage bonds to push interest rates lower. It was the dawn of “quantitative easing” — and, it would turn out, a new bull market. The S&P 500 rose 8.5 percent that month, its best monthly performance in more than six years.“That should have been the signal to everyone that you can go out there and buy stocks with impunity,” said Byron Wien, vice chairman of the private wealth group at Blackstone, the private equity firm.But to buy stocks, you need money. After watching their fortunes — and retirement funds — shrivel, few Americans were in a position to take a fresh flier on beaten-down stocks.Those who could were already well-off. In 2007, the wealthiest 10 percent of American families owned 81 percent of the nation’s household stock market wealth, according Ed Wolff, a professor of economics at New York University who studies the distribution of wealth in the United States. By 2016, they owned 84 percent, he said.The recovery in the stock market made those families even richer, increasing their net worth by double-digit percentages. Median American family wealth, meanwhile, dropped 34 percent.In the past, such episodes of wealth destruction cast long shadows. For much of the 20th century, the financial habits of the American public were heavily influenced by memories of the Great Depression.Even in the 1960s, survey data showed that people who were young during the Great Depression were much less likely to invest in stocks, according to research by two economists, Ulrike Malmendier of the University of California, Berkeley, and Stefan Nagel of the University of Chicago. The 2008 crisis was nowhere near as severe, but a similar dynamic may be affecting people who started their working lives around that time.Gallup survey data shows that in the last decade, an average of 38 percent of Americans under the age of 35 have money invested in the stock market. That compares with 52 percent before the crisis. Playing It SafeEven those who are invested are behaving differently, both in how they invest and what they’re doing with the proceeds. In the decade since the bull market began, the share of Americans investing via index funds, which aim to mimic the performance of benchmarks like the S&P 500, has increased significantly. In 2017, 43 percent of all the money in American stock market funds was in index funds. Back in 2007, only 19 percent of stock market assets were in these passive strategies, a style of investing that acknowledges that, for most people, trying to beat the market through savvy trading is a mug’s game.Americans also appear to be less willing than in previous booms to let the rise in stock market wealth on paper lead to a surge in spending. Family savings rates have stayed stubbornly high by historical standards.“Households continue to kind of treat their capital gains, realized or unrealized, more cautiously than they did in the 1990s or the 2000s,” said Michael Feroli, chief United States economist at J.P. Morgan.In part, this is because many stock owners are baby boomers, who might have enjoyed spending their stock market gains 20 years ago but are now more worried about preserving wealth as they retire. Fred Wallace, a 64-year-old retired HBO executive in Los Angeles is one of them. When the stock market took a dive in December, he cut his holdings of stock and moved money into cash and bonds.“That allows you to sleep at night because you know that if stocks tank it doesn’t really matter,” Mr. Wallace said. But even among Americans who are just starting their careers, this risk-aversion could linger. Research from Ms. Malmendier and Mr. Nagel, the economists, suggests that enduring financial traumas at a relatively young age can shape people’s behavior for decades. Younger Americans, Ms. Malmendier said, are unlikely to be eager to take big risks in the stock market any time soon.“We don’t see that happening,” she said. “People were scarred from that experience.”The buoyant jobs market that has helped sustain American households for the better part of a decade did not go anywhere.After an unexpectedly weak February — just 20,000 new jobs were initially reported — concerns arose that the remarkable wave of hiring might be ebbing. But employment surged again last month, beating the expectations of most economists with 196,000 new jobs, the Labor Department said Friday.Even lowly February looked better: The department revised its report upward to 33,000 jobs. And unemployment remained at 3.8 percent in March, while wage growth kept its momentum, ensuring that pay is growing faster than inflation.“We think the labor market is the strongest thing in the U.S. economy right now,” said Luke Tilley, chief economist at Wilmington Trust. “We’re encouraged by the wage gains.”The economy has now produced more than 21 million new jobs since the labor market bottomed out in 2010, and the unemployment rate has plunged from a peak of 10 percent in October 2009.But in recent months, economists have seen reasons to doubt the strength of the economy. The invigorating effects of the tax cuts enacted at the end of 2017 are expected to fade. Large overseas economies have slowed, in part a reaction to continuing trade tensions. And while the stock market has rallied since a rout at the end of last year, other important financial indicators — such as government bond yields — suggest that investors expect growth to moderate.President Trump contends that the Federal Reserve slowed the economy last year by pushing interest rates too high, and has said he intends to nominate the conservative economist Stephen Moore and the former pizza chain executive Herman Cain to the central bank’s board. “I personally think the Fed should drop rates,” Mr. Trump said on Friday.Mr. Trump won’t necessarily get his way on interest rates. The Fed has already taken a softer stance: As recently as December, the central bank said it could raise rates in 2019, but it has since signaled that it probably wouldn’t do so. Economists said the latest jobs report showed that the Fed’s willingness to hold interest rates at current levels was probably the right response for the economy. “It doesn’t tell the Fed that it’s doing the wrong thing by remaining patient,” said Ellen Zentner, chief United States economist at Morgan Stanley. The March jobs gain probably won’t be enough to dispel all the pessimism, though. The report contained evidence of a slowdown in manufacturing, a sector that has performed well over the past two years. Manufacturers shed 6,000 jobs in March, driven mostly by the auto sector, and added just 1,000 in February. Last year, the sector on average added 22,000 jobs a month. Some manufacturers have been hit by tariffs imposed by other countries in response to those put in place by Mr. Trump. Rob Parmentier, chief executive of Marquis Yachts in Green Bay, Wis., said sales to some of the company’s biggest export markets had stalled as a result of the tariffs. “There’s a chance we’d have to lay people off if we don’t get these tariffs fixed,” Mr. Parmentier said. “I understand what the president’s doing, but he’s got to do it faster, or get a better perspective on what he’s doing to American companies.”While the March jobs number exceeded expectations — economists surveyed by FactSet predicted, on average, around 170,000 new jobs — job growth has slowed. In the first three months of the year, the economy added 180,000 jobs on average, down from a monthly average of 223,000 for all of 2018.But some economists did not see slower hiring as a cause for concern. “The number from last year was not sustainable,” said Martha Gimbel, research director at the job-search site Indeed. “What’s more surprising is that we’re still adding an average of 180,000 jobs at this point in a recovery.”Hiring was strong in some sectors: Professional and business services, which cover a broad swath of white-collar positions, added 37,000 jobs in March. Health care services added 61,000, bringing the total over the past 12 months to about half a million new jobs.But it was the wage growth revealed in the jobs report that provided perhaps the strongest reason for optimism. For years, even as the economy added jobs and unemployment kept falling, wage increases were lackluster. But employees now appear to be getting solid raises. Hourly wages in March were 3.2 percent higher than a year earlier, slightly lower than the 3.4 percent growth in February but still roughly double the annual inflation rate. And some economists said the slight decline in growth was no cause for concern. “It’s a volatile number; it tends to bounce up and down,” Ms. Gimbel said. “What’s more important is that we’ve had six straight months above 3 percent.”Steady wage growth may be the catalyst that helps keep the economic expansion going: Higher wages encourage more spending, and companies that wish to meet that consumer demand have to hire more people. Firms in the leisure and hospitality sector have particularly benefited from people having more money to spend: Those businesses added 33,000 jobs in March. Sean Moloney, owner of My Bartender, a company in Portland, Ore., that provides bartenders and drinks at events, said he expected to hire 40 to 50 people during this year’s busy season, compared with around 15 people five years ago. And his customers are also spending more on the drinks served.“People are willing to spend the extra money to get something other than the bargain brand,” he said.ISTANBUL — Turkey’s banking regulator has announced that it will begin an inquiry into JPMorgan Chase for providing “misleading and manipulative” investment advice that, it said, prompted a run on the Turkish lira last week.The Banking Regulation and Supervision Board issued a statement saying it had received a large number of complaints about a JPMorgan research report to clients on Friday that “caused volatility in the financial markets and loss of reputation and value especially for the banks of our country.”The lira, which has been slipping in value over the last year, slumped more than 5 percent on Friday, dropping in value to 5.7 to the United States dollar from 5.4, while Turkey’s main stock exchange fell 3.45 percent.The board said its investigation would also look into activities of other banks, but it did not name them.President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has frequently accused foreign powers of orchestrating the currency crisis, and at a huge campaign rally in Istanbul on Sunday, he accused unnamed actors in the financial sector of trying to provoke a run on the lira.“We all know who you are, we all know what you are all doing,” he said. “You should know that after the elections, we will make you to pay a heavy price. You would not be able to exploit this nation. You would not be able to cheat this nation.”Economists, though, say a loss of confidence in the management of the economy and rule of law in Turkey is behind the weakening of the lira.It is unclear how the inquiry will progress or what penalties could be imposed, but the board said it would undertake “necessary administrative and legal proceedings.” In a related announcement, the Capital Markets Board of Turkey said it was conducting its own investigation into JPMorgan over the same report.JPMorgan analysts warned in the report that the Turkish lira might depreciate soon after local elections scheduled for Sunday. A spokesman for JPMorgan declined to comment.In a sign of its concern at the renewed volatility in financial markets, Turkey’s Central Bank announced on Friday that it would suspend one-week repo auctions — closing the spigot on one source of cash for banks — for a period of time, which analysts called an unusual move.Turkey has experienced severe economic pressures over the last year, and government figures released this month showed that the country had entered a recession, defined as two consecutive quarters of negative economic growth. The lira lost 28 percent of its value last year as foreign investment stalled amid soaring private sector debt.Mr. Erdogan, who has assumed increased powers since winning re-election last summer, announced that he would take on greater responsibility for the economy and even decisions at the Central Bank. He appointed Berat Albayrak, his son-in-law, minister of finance and Treasury.Mr. Albayrak said in a television interview on Friday that Turkey had already resolved its most pressing vulnerabilities: inflation and budget discipline. “A healthy environment that would provide security for international markets has settled in Turkey,” he said, promising a period of reform over the rest of Mr. Erdogan’s five-year term. “Our way is open. We are very comfortable.”Even as inflation and unemployment figures have risen sharply, Mr. Erdogan has been undeterred, personally leading two or three rallies around the country a day for his Justice and Development Party. The election campaign has been especially nasty, with mudslinging and lawsuits leveled at candidates as polls show a close race in some of the most important cities, including the capital, Ankara.At the campaign rally on Sunday, Mr. Erdogan vowed to fight outside influences trying to weaken the economy.“Beware, folks, do not take their words for it,” he said. “We will protect our money. Our money is the Turkish lira. We will protect it. We will not rise to the bait. And we will make them pay the price.”For mutual-fund investors, the fourth quarter of 2018 was a hailstorm — a stinging deluge in which nearly every sort of investment seemed to get plunked.Yet several top-performing funds managed to find refuge in far-flung corners of the market, like Latin American companies, real estate investment trusts and dividend-paying stocks.T. Rowe Price Latin America Verena E. Wachnitz, portfolio manager of the T. Rowe Price Latin America Fund, was spared the fourth quarter’s party of pain because of where she invests: Latin America was one of the few major markets that rose late last year.Brazil accounted for much of that gain. It endured a severe recession in 2015 and 2016 and anemic growth in 2017. But a stronger recovery began last year, and the Brazilian Bovespa stock index gained 15 percent in 2018.Brazil is Latin America’s biggest economy, and its stocks account for more than 60 percent of the MSCI Emerging Markets Latin America index, so Ms. Wachnitz keeps a big chunk of her shareholders’ money there.“Brazil has a lot of high-quality companies,” she said. “Whatever happens there is key for the region.” Seven of her fund’s top 10 holdings are Brazilian, including two banks, Itaú Unibanco and Banco Bradesco, and an apparel retailer, Lojas Renner.The banks, two of Brazil’s heftiest, are profiting as consumers start to borrow and spend more with the recovery, Ms. Wachnitz said.Lojas Renner likewise stands to gain from a surge in consumer spending. “They’re really going into the digital age, and the consumer experience improves every year,” she said. “Now you can check out directly with employees who have hand-held devices.”Ms. Wachnitz has also benefited from where she chose not to invest: She shied from Mexico, because of concerns about how the policies of its new government might affect the profitability of its companies. Mexican shares make up only 14.6 percent of her fund, compared with 21.6 percent of the index. The S&P BMV IPC, a leading Mexico stock index, lost 15.27 percent last quarter.“I’m not that worried about trade and Trump,” she said. “The new trade agreement is moving forward. But policymaking is deteriorating in Mexico, with a more populist, left-wing type of government.”Ms. Wachnitz’s fund, with a net expense ratio of 1.29 percent, returned 6.01 percent in the fourth quarter, compared with a loss of 13.52 percent, including dividends, for the S&P 500. The quarter’s punishments weren’t limited to the S&P 500 and Mexico: Nearly every stock-market sector tracked by Morningstar recorded a loss.MFS Diversified IncomeMFS Diversified Income didn’t manage a gain in the fourth quarter: It lost 3.79 percent. But it still outpaced all but a few competitors by spreading its bets around on income-producing securities. The fund, with an expense ratio of 0.99 percent, aims to “out-yield the equity market but outgrow the bond market and hopefully do so with less volatility,” said Robert M. Almeida, its lead portfolio manager. To do this, it owns both stocks and bonds.On the stock side, Mr. Almeida divides his shareholders’ money among real estate investment trusts and dividend payers and, on the bond side, investment-grade, high-yield and emerging-market debt.His starting point is an allocation of 20 percent of the fund’s assets to each of these asset classes — R.E.I.T.s, dividend payers and investment-grade bonds — as well as 25 percent to high-yield bonds and 15 percent to emerging-markets bonds. He then tweaks the precise weight of each by consulting with MFS’s other portfolio managers and its analysts. “In the fourth quarter, we were overweight emerging-market debt and R.E.I.T.s and underweight high-yield debt and global dividend-paying stocks,” he said.Those emerging-markets bonds represent a wager that the finances of some of the developing world’s governments are safer than the markets may appreciate. Mr. Almeida said many investors fixate on the economic trouble spots in the emerging world, like recently Venezuela and Turkey.“What doesn’t get talked about is Chile and Peru, which are fundamentally strong countries. I don’t think of them as high risk. High-yield debt is risk. There, you’re lending to the lower-quality end of the U.S. corporate market, which is going to have to refinance a lot of debt at higher rates over the next two to three years.”Mr. Almeida said his R.E.I.T. bet stemmed partly from a presentation made by Richard R. Gable, portfolio manager of the MFS Global Real Estate Fund. “Rick was saying the R.E.I.T. sector was the cheapest it’d been, relative to financials and the rest of the equity market, in years,” he said.Among R.E.I.T.s, Mr. Almeida said, MFS prefers those “with properties that are really hard to replicate.” His fund’s top real estate holdings include the Simon Property Group, the United States’ largest shopping-mall owner, and AvalonBay Communities, an apartment owner that is strong in coastal urban markets.American Funds College 2024 and College 2027 The American Funds College 2024 Fund and College 2027 Fund also buy both stocks and bonds. The two target-date college funds don’t invest directly in those securities but do so through other funds in the American family, which is managed by the Capital Group. Both college funds, for example, hold shares of the American Mutual Fund and the Bond Fund of America, which have been part of the American lineup for decades.The college funds are investment options in CollegeAmerica, a 529 college-savings plan sponsored by the state of Virginia. (That “529” refers to a provision of the United States Internal Revenue Code, and anyone can invest in the funds, not just Virginians, though the tax benefits may differ for people in other states.) The 2024 fund lost 1.27 percent in the fourth quarter, while the 2027 fund lost 3.26 percent. The 2024 fund has an expense ratio of 0.73 percent, while the 2027 has one of 0.8 percent.Wesley K.-S. Phoa, principal investment officer for American Funds’ target-date college funds series, said the funds’ bond investments didn’t carry excessive credit risk or unexpected correlations with the stock market, while the stock investments emphasized sturdiness, not sizzle. “We’ve picked stock funds that focus on solid blue-chip dividend payers, and that has delivered the resilience we hoped it would,” he said.Mr. Phoa said college funds present an unusual asset-allocation challenge in that investors — often parents — are seeking the savings growth that stocks can bring but they typically have only about 15 years to achieve that. That gives them less time to ride out down markets, like the fourth quarter’s thumping.“Most parents make steady modest contributions, and a lot start when their kids are 6 or 7,” he said. “When you’re putting in modest amounts, you want to get as much growth as you can. So we’re pretty growth oriented for a young beneficiary. But once you get within a couple of years in college enrollment, that’s the last thing you want. So at this stage, we’re invested very conservatively.”For the 2024 fund, whose intended beneficiaries are now 13 to 15 years old, that translates to about 68 percent bonds, 26 percent stocks and 6 percent cash. For the 2027 fund, whose intended beneficiaries are now 10 to 12, that translates to 54 percent bonds, 41 percent stocks and 5 percent cash.Mr. Phoa said he has recently gained a new appreciation of the stresses his clients face, because his own daughter is 16 and thinking about college. “Once you get within a couple of years in college enrollment, the last thing you want to discuss is what’s happening in the 529 account.”The Sacklers had a new plan.It was 2014, and the company the family had controlled for two generations, Purdue Pharma, had been hit with years of investigations and lawsuits over its marketing of the highly addictive opioid painkiller OxyContin, at one point pleading guilty to a federal felony and paying more than $600 million in criminal and civil penalties.But as the country’s addiction crisis worsened, the Sacklers spied another business opportunity. They could increase their profits by selling treatments for the very problem their company had helped to create: addiction to opioids.Details of the effort, named Project Tango, have come to light in lawsuits filed by the attorneys general of Massachusetts and New York. Together, the cases lay out the extensive involvement of a family that has largely escaped personal legal consequences for Purdue Pharma’s role in an epidemic that has led to hundreds of thousands of overdose deaths in the past two decades.ImageRichard SacklerThe filings cite numerous records, emails and other documents showing that members of the family continued to push aggressively to expand the market for OxyContin and other opioids for years after the company admitted in a 2007 plea deal that it had misrepresented the drug’s addictive qualities and potential for abuse.[Like the Science Times page on Facebook. | Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]The business potential of adding addiction treatment to the mix was illustrated in internal company charts and diagrams.“Pain treatment and addiction are naturally linked,” one Project Tango document, included in the New York complaint, said. It depicted a big blue funnel. The fat end was labeled “pain treatment”; the narrow end was labeled “opioid addiction treatment.”The company, the document said, could make money at both ends of the funnel as an “end-to-end pain provider.” Dr. Kathe Sackler, one of the eight family members sitting on Purdue’s board, instructed employees to devote “immediate attention” to the effort, according to an email included in the Massachusetts filing.The two lawsuits are part of a burst of recent litigation that has taken aim at the Sacklers, a far-flung billionaire family that has a network of trusts and companies in the United States and abroad. Their philanthropic gifts have built namesake wings housing the Temple of Dendur at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York and oriental antiquities at the Louvre in Paris, as well as a library at the University of Oxford and a scientific institute at Columbia University.In addition to New York and Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island and Utah have filed suit against members of the family. Last month, a coalition of more than 500 counties, cities and Native American tribes named the Sacklers in a case in the Southern District of New York, bringing the family into a bundle of 1,600 opioids cases being overseen by a federal court judge in Cleveland.(The various legal claims also identify many other manufacturers, distributors and pharmacy chains as bearing responsibility for the epidemic.)The suits are not only an effort to get at the Sacklers’ personal fortunes — estimated by Forbes to be $13 billion — but to expose the extent to which the Sacklers themselves have been calling the shots.“If these allegations against the Sacklers are proven to be correct, that could dramatically change the potential reach of where the litigation goes to collect funds on behalf of the cities and states that are so desperately trying to get money to deal with the opioid crisis,” said Adam Zimmerman, an expert on complex litigation at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles.In a joint statement to The New York Times, representatives of the eight Sackler family members named as defendants in the New York and Massachusetts cases said the lawsuits were “filled with claims that are demonstrably false and unsupportable by the actual facts.” The statement also contended that the claims would be refuted by the family’s response this week to the Massachusetts lawsuit.The statement said the lawsuits “ignore the fact that the Sackler family has long been committed to initiatives that prevent abuse and addiction,” citing what it characterized as a philanthropic donation from the family to an addiction research and treatment center in Tulsa, Okla. In fact, the $75 million contribution, to be made over five years, was a condition of the court-approved settlement of an opioid lawsuit brought by the Oklahoma attorney general against Purdue.Regarding Project Tango, a separate statement from some of the Sacklers named in the suits said that “no board member proposed Tango, or authored any documents in support of it.”Purdue, for its part, said in a court filing in Massachusetts this year that it “neither created nor caused the opioid epidemic” there and in a statement last week said the company and its former directors “vigorously deny” the New York claims.Prescription opioids are Food and Drug Administration-approved medications that have legitimate uses for certain patients with advanced cancer or short-term severely acute pain, and are still prescribed, despite limited evidence, for some patients with chronic pain.A central concern of the investigations and legal cases against Purdue Pharma over the years, including the 2007 federal investigation, has been whether the company, its executives and owners were aware in the late 1990s that OxyContin was being abused. The new lawsuits are notable for the detail they provide about the family’s own continued push to sell opioids in more recent years, as the opioid epidemic became a full-blown national crisis.In 2009, two years after the federal guilty plea, Mortimer D.A. Sackler, a board member, demanded to know why the company wasn’t selling more opioids, email traffic cited by Massachusetts prosecutors showed.ImageTheresa SacklerCreditDavid M. Benett/Getty ImagesIn 2011, as states looked for ways to curb opioid prescriptions, family members peppered the sales staff with questions about how to expand the market for the drugs. Mortimer asked if they could sell a generic version of OxyContin in order to “capture more cost sensitive patients,” according to one email. Kathe, his half sister, suggested studying patients who had switched to OxyContin to see if they could find patterns that could help them win new customers, according to court filings in Massachusetts.The family’s statement said they were just acting as responsible board members, raising questions about “business issues that were highly relevant to doctors and patients.”In July 2011, Mortimer and Kathe’s cousin Dr. Richard Sackler, who had stepped down as Purdue’s president several years earlier but remained an influential board member, went into the field with a sales representative to promote opioids to doctors, though some in the company were concerned that his involvement could run afoul of regulators, according to documents in the Massachusetts case.When he returned, he argued in an email to Purdue’s vice president for sales that a legally required warning about opioids wasn’t needed, and that it “implies a danger of untoward reactions and hazards that simply aren’t there.”(The family’s statement disputed that, saying that Richard supported accurate labeling, and merely questioned where on the label the warning should appear. The statement also said he had not been out in the field with sales representatives since well before the launch of OxyContin, in 1996.)In 2014, Raymond Sackler, now deceased, sent three other family members a confidential memo about Purdue’s strategy for placing patients on high doses of opioids for extended periods of time. The memo noted that doctors had argued against the practice, but that Purdue had beaten back efforts to impose caps on doses, according to the Massachusetts complaint.The next year, Jonathan Sackler, then a board member, sought information about how public health campaigns to curb opioid addiction would affect OxyContin sales. In 2017, he pushed to develop a new opioid, and asked the staff to present a plan at the next Purdue board meeting.From laxatives to painkillersIt was Arthur Sackler, a psychiatrist and pharmaceutical marketing guru who helped pioneer the infomercial, who started the family business dynasty. In 1952, he and his two younger brothers, Mortimer and Raymond (who were also psychiatrists and who have since died), bought a small company called Purdue Frederick. Their first products included laxatives and a prescription earwax remover, as recounted in the book “Pain Killer” by Barry Meier, a former New York Times reporter.ImageJonathan SacklerCreditSylvain Gaboury/PatrickMcmullan.comThe sprawling family today is hardly monolithic. Arthur’s branch has not been involved in Purdue for many years, and one of his children, Elizabeth A. Sackler, has called Purdue Pharma’s role in the opioid crisis “morally abhorrent.” But reporting published last year by ProPublica and The Atlantic suggested that Arthur’s side of the family may have reaped some financial benefit from Purdue after OxyContin hit the market.The lawsuits brought by the attorneys general of New York and Massachusetts, Letitia James and Maura Healey, named eight Sackler family members: Kathe, Mortimer, Richard, Jonathan and Ilene Sackler Lefcourt — children of either Mortimer or Raymond Sackler — along with Theresa Sackler, the elder Mortimer’s widow; Beverly Sackler, Raymond’s widow; and David Sackler, a grandson of Raymond.Purdue’s business was fundamentally changed after the F.D.A. approved OxyContin in 1995. The company marketed the drug as a long-acting painkiller that was less addictive than shorter-acting rivals like Percocet and Vicodin, a strategy aimed at reducing the stigma attached to opioids among doctors.The court filings detailed a multipronged approach used by the pharmaceutical industry at that time to reshape public perceptions about pain and chip away at physicians’ reluctance to prescribe opioids, long known to be addictive, by describing an “epidemic” of untreated pain affecting 100 million Americans.Manufacturers funded “front groups” that were “disguised as ‘unbiased’ sources of cutting-edge medical research and information,” according to the New York attorney general’s office, ostensibly to educate the public about chronic pain and the benefits of opioids. Physicians were paid as consultants to further spread their message. The companies claimed that opioids were safer than high doses of acetaminophen and other anti-inflammatory agents and that there was a minuscule risk of addiction.At Purdue, sales representatives focused on doctors who were high-volume opioid prescribers, as well as inexperienced providers and primary care physicians who knew little about pain management, encouraging them to prescribe higher and higher doses for longer stretches of time, according to the court filings. Sales representatives could earn tens of thousands of dollars in bonuses and were rewarded with trips to tropical islands.Since OxyContin came on the market, more than 200,000 Americans have died of overdoses related to prescription opioids. As reports of overdoses grew, Richard Sackler urged the company to blame the patients. “We have to hammer on abusers in every way possible,” he wrote in a 2001 email disclosed in documents filed in the Massachusetts case. “They are the culprits and the problem. They are reckless criminals.”That year, after a federal prosecutor highlighted 59 OxyContin-related deaths in one state, Mr. Sackler wrote: “This is not too bad. It could have been far worse.”ImageMortimer D.A. SacklerCreditPatrick McMullan, via Getty ImagesThe same year Purdue lawyers negotiated the federal guilty plea, the Sacklers quietly formed a new company to sell generic opioids, called Rhodes, according to the New York lawsuit.“Rhodes was set up as a ‘landing pad’ for the Sackler family in 2007, to prepare for the possibility that they would need to start afresh following the crisis then engulfing OxyContin,” the suit quotes a former senior manager at Purdue as saying.The Sacklers were intimately involved in overseeing and approving Rhodes’s activities, court records show. They saw the agendas for board of directors meetings and the financial statements. In the years that followed, Theresa, Kathe and Jonathan Sackler would serve on Rhodes’s governance committee, according to the New York lawsuit, while Kathe, Jonathan, Mortimer and David served on its business development committee.The business operations of Rhodes, based in Rhode Island, and Purdue, based in Connecticut, were closely enmeshed. Rhodes relied on Purdue to oversee its compliance with government regulations, ensuring the quality and safety of its products, the New York lawsuit says, providing, for example, statistics and data to Rhodes’s compliance committee for review.Rhodes made monetary distributions to two companies that were ultimately owned by trusts set up for the Sacklers: the Rosebay Medical Company and the Beacon Company.While the Sacklers “have reduced Purdue’s operations and size, Rhodes continues to grow and sell opioids for the benefit of the Sackler families,” the New York suit contends.By 2016, Rhodes, though little known to the public, had a greater share of the American prescription opioid market than Purdue, according to a Financial Times analysis. Together, the companies ranked seventh in terms of the market share of opioids.Purdue temporarily abandoned plans to pursue Project Tango in 2014, but revived the idea two years later, this time pursuing a plan to sell naloxone, an overdose-reversing drug, according to the Massachusetts filing. A few months later, in December 2016, Richard, Jonathan and Mortimer Sackler discussed buying a company that used implantable drug pumps to treat opioid addiction.In recent years, the Sacklers and their companies have been developing products for opioid and overdose treatment on various tracks. Last year, Richard Sackler was awarded a patent for a version of buprenorphine, a drug that blocks opioid receptors, administered by mouth in a thin film. In March, the F.D.A. fast tracked the company’s application for an injectable drug for emergency treatment of overdoses.Purdue has said it is taking charitable steps to curb opioid addiction, and last year donated $3.4 million to a nonprofit developing a nasal spray that uses the drug naloxone to treat opioid overdoses.But the funnel that Purdue once described is full, and overflowing at both ends. David Sackler spent a reported $22.5 million on a Bel Air mansion last year. Mortimer’s Amagansett spread has been featured in Vogue. Theresa Sackler was made a dame and is a trustee of the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.Last week, three Democratic senators from states hit hard by the opioid epidemic, Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts, Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island and Joe Manchin of West Virginia, sent a letter to Purdue, insisting that it make a more formal commitment not to make money from the treatments.“Indeed,” they wrote, “it is a maxim of the common law in this country that no one should be allowed to profit from his own wrongdoing.”(Reuters) - United Arab Emirates-based payments and foreign exchange company Finablr said on Tuesday it expects to register to launch an initial public offering in London, in a deal that could raise proceeds of $200 million (£152.7 million).Finablr, the holding company for businesses including UAE Exchange, Travelex Holdings and Xpress Money, said any offer it made would consist of new shares and existing shares to be sold by some of its investors.The company intends to use the net proceeds to finance expansion plans and reduce net debt, it said. (Reporting by Noor Zainab Hussain in Bengaluru; editing by Patrick Graham)Armchair investors have been selling stock. So have pension funds and mutual funds, as well as a whole other category of investors — nonprofit groups, endowments, private equity firms and personal trusts. The stock market is off to its best start since 1987, but these investors are expected to dump hundreds of billions of dollars of shares this year.So who is pushing prices higher? In part, the companies themselves. American corporations flush with cash from last year’s tax cuts and a growing economy are buying back their own shares at an extraordinary clip. They have good reason: Buybacks allow them to return cash to shareholders, burnish key measures of financial performance and goose their share prices.The surge in buybacks reflects a fundamental shift in how the market is operating, cementing the position of corporations as the single largest source of demand for American stocks. The binge has helped sustain a bull market approaching its 10th birthday, even in the face of political, international and economic uncertainty. Since the market rally began in March 2009, the S&P 500 has risen more than 300 percent as the United States recovered from the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. But few expect those kinds of gains over the next decade. Facing the prospect of a period of relatively low returns — or even a bear market for stocks — many investors are eager to protect their gains or to find more appealing investments, like emerging markets and corporate bonds, outside the American stock market. “There’s no reason to be a hog,” said Rich Robben, interim chief investment officer of the Kentucky Retirement Systems, which manages more than $17 billion in the state’s retirement and insurance funds. “We’ve all eaten at the public equity trough very well for 10 years now. And we felt it was just time to reduce that exposure a bit.”Mr. Robben said his pension fund, which pays benefits to more than 100,000 retired state and county workers, has been cutting its stake in the domestic stock market for 18 months. Such prudence paid off late last year, when concerns about a sluggish global economy, rising interest rates and slowing corporate profits hit the market. The S&P 500 fell 14 percent in the fourth quarter, and 9 percent in December alone. That was the worst monthly performance since February 2009, and badly shook investor confidence. Since the worst of the sell-off, on Dec. 24, the S&P 500 is up roughly 19 percent. But data show that many investors remain nervous: In every week this year, money has flowed out of domestic stock market mutual funds and exchange-traded funds — as much as $15 billion in the last week of January, according to EPFR Global, which tracks flows into and out of funds. These investors, overwhelmingly individuals, have moved money into bonds and cash. Henry Crutcher has missed a bit of the rebound. Mr. Crutcher, a 44-year-old software company owner in Atlanta, saw December’s crack in the stock market as a buying opportunity and moved roughly 10 percent of his portfolio from cash into a Russell 2000 exchange-traded fund. After enjoying a couple weeks of rising stock prices, he sold it, missing much of the roughly 10 percent of additional gains that have come since mid-January.“Right now I’m partially invested,” Mr. Crutcher said. “I’m not totally sitting on the sidelines. But I’m more on the sidelines than I think I should be.”Survey data suggests portfolio managers at many mutual funds and hedge funds have also been skittish about chasing the market higher. A survey of global fund managers by Bank of America Merrill Lynch this month reported that those holding more money in cash than usual outnumbered their stock-friendly counterparts by 44 percentage points — the biggest margin since January 2009. Such statistics suggest that many investors failed to capitalize on the sharp snapback in stocks early this year. “The speed of the rally is uncomfortable,” said Michael Hartnett, chief investment strategist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. “To turn from a seller to a buyer in a week is, again, psychologically very tough for people.”Corporations, however, don’t seem to be experiencing such angst. In the fourth quarter last year, American companies bought an estimated $240 billion of their own shares, according to an analysis by the Goldman Sachs team that handles stock buybacks for major companies. That’s nearly 60 percent higher than during the same period in 2017. More buybacks are coming. The Union Pacific railroad has bought nearly $32 billion in its own shares since 2007, and this month authorized buying over $20 billion more. The tech equipment giant Cisco has spent roughly $20 billion on buybacks in the past year, and has authorizations to spend another $24 billion. And Bank of America, which planned to buy $20 billion of its own shares by the end of June, just added $2.5 billion on top of that, the bank said this month.Besides returning cash to shareholders, buybacks offer companies two crucial benefits. They increase demand for a stock, helping to prop up share prices. Buybacks also improve a key gauge of profitability closely tracked by investors and analysts: When a company buys back shares, the same profits are spread over the smaller number of shares still outstanding, improving their earnings-per-share number. So far this year, companies have announced plans to repurchase a total of more than $190 billion of their own shares. That is only slightly behind last year’s pace of buyback announcements. And last year was a record for buybacks, as companies, in part thanks to the Trump administration’s tax cut, gobbled $910 billion of their shares, according to an analysis by Goldman Sachs. Before the early 1980s, buying shares with corporate money was considered a legal gray area because it might open a company up to charges of manipulating its share price. In 1982, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted a rule that allowed share repurchases, provided they followed certain rules.Since then, stock buybacks have largely replaced dividends as companies’ preferred way to return to shareholders the cash they can’t spend productively. Shareholders like buybacks because they reduce the numbers of shares outstanding, which results in each remaining share being worth a bigger slice of the company. Taxes on buybacks can also be deferred until investors sell the shares, which are then taxed as capital gains. While share buybacks tend to increase companies’ share prices, critics blame them for stymieing corporate investment, hiring and wages. They argue that when a company spends its cash on buybacks, it leaves less money available for long-term capital spending and wages. Supporters of buybacks argue, however, that companies won’t make new investments or increase hiring if they don’t see a profitable reason to do so. They contend that banning buybacks would simply result in higher dividend payments and corporate cash holdings or a surge in mergers and acquisitions. Senators Chuck Schumer, a Democrat from New York, and Bernie Sanders, an independent from Vermont, said this month that they planned to introduce legislation that would limit buybacks for companies that did not pay their workers at least a $15 an hour, among other criteria. Also this month, Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said he planned to introduce a bill that would change the preferential tax treatment of buybacks, though the details of such an approach remain unclear. But even if such proposals were enacted — and few Republicans have voiced support for Mr. Rubio’s idea — it’s not clear that they would derail the stock market’s ever-higher march. A number of other factors — most notably the Federal Reserve’s abrupt turn away from its clockwork pattern of interest-rate increases — have combined to restore confidence since the brutal sell-off that left the S&P 500 down nearly 20 percent for the year on Christmas Eve.The arrival of a solid, if unspectacular, batch of fourth-quarter earnings reports also quelled some investors’ fears about the outlook for the global economy and corporate profits.But the persistent flow of corporate money into the stock market has been a pivotal element in its recent rise. “Buybacks are likely the No. 1 cause,” said Brian Reynolds, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity, a Canadian asset management and brokerage firm. Buybacks’ importance to the rally means any legislative push that results in less activity could act as a headwind to stocks, said Michael Purves, chief global strategist at the brokerage firm Weeden & Company. But if such changes don’t gain a foothold, corporate buying will most likely remain a cornerstone of the stock market in the coming years. This year alone, Goldman Sachs analysts estimated, corporations will be by far the largest buyer of shares, with net purchases of $700 billion. Traditional investors like mutual funds, pensions, endowments and individuals are expected to be net sellers, parting with roughly $400 billion in shares. NEW YORK — With U.S. stocks a stone's throw away from hitting a record high, Wall Street's so-called "fear gauge" slipped to a fresh six-month low on Friday, in a sign investors expect the good times to keep rolling.The S&P 500 crossed the 2,900 mark for the first time since early October on Friday, boosted by a jump in Walt Disney shares and as bank stocks surged after strong results from JPMorgan Chase & Co.The stock index's recent gains spell a striking reversal in fortunes for investors, who just a few months ago had been staring at the demise of the longest bull market for stocks.Stocks tumbled hard late last year, as investors fretted over mounting concerns about global growth, waning corporate profits, U.S.-China trade tensions and the Fed's path on rate hikes.But you wouldn't know that looking at the Cboe Volatility Index today. On Friday the VIX - a widely followed options-based barometer of expected near-term volatility for stocks - slipped as low as 12.11, its lowest since October 5.That was shortly after the S&P logged its highest ever close at 2,929.67 on Sept 21, and marked the beginning of what became a near 20% correction to a low near 2,351 on Christmas Eve that saw the VIX spike above 36.Investors' forecast for low volatility is in line with how stocks have been moving of late. One-month historical volatility for the S&P 500 index - a measure of daily gyrations - is close to the lowest it has been since October. Some Wall Street analysts say stocks have room to run.Equity exposure for volatility targeting portfolios and hedge funds are low and retail investors have yet to return to U.S. equity funds after record outflows in December, JPMorgan analysts Bram Kaplan and Shawn Quigg said in a note on Friday. "Despite the fact that the market is closing in on record highs, systematic and macro investors have a long way to go in terms of re-levering their portfolios," the analysts said.The return of these types of investors to stocks can continue for the next couple of months and support the market, they said.Despite the stock market turmoil late last year, traders are discounting volatility, citing historical trade patterns."Once a cyclical correction within a secular bull market is over, the next rally tends to be strong," said technical analysts at BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research said in a note on Thursday.The amount of time for the S&P 500 to regain the high from the start of the cyclical correction within a secular bull market averages 15.4 months, according to BofA Merrill Lynch data."If 2351 from 12/24 proves to be the correction low on the S&P 500, this suggests that the S&P 500 could achieve a new high in January 2020 given the start of the correction in September," the BofA analysts said. (Reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Alden Bentley and Chizu Nomiyama)BEIJING — China's auto sales fell again in March but the pace of decline was the smallest in seven months, industry data showed, as car makers reduced retail prices to boost business after Beijing handed out tax cuts to spur consumer spending.Sales fell 5.2 percent from a year ago to 2.52 million vehicles, the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (CAAM) said on Friday, marking the ninth straight month of decline in the world's largest auto market.But this was the smallest drop since August 2018."We saw a warmer recovery in March. We are optimistic and hope to see the turning point appear in around July and August" said Xu Haidong, assistant secretary general at CAAM, the country's biggest auto industry association.Recent government cuts to value-added tax (VAT) are expected to further benefit car sales, Xu added. "The VAT cut can drive production and employment, so an effective implementation of the policy can bring warmth to the market." China has cut VAT for the manufacturing sector to 13 percent from 16 percent, prompting some car makers such as BMW and Mercedes-Benz to lower prices."We expect China's auto market to see positive growth in the third quarter and a relatively large increase in the fourth," said Alan Kang, Shanghai-based analyst at LMC Automotive. In 2018, China's car market hit reverse for the first time since the 1990s against a backdrop of slowing economic growth and a crippling Sino-U.S. trade war.However, new energy vehicle (NEV) sales have remained a bright spot, jumping almost 62 percent last year even as the broader auto market contracted.Last month, NEV sales rose 85.4 percent to 126,000 units, the CAAM said.China has been a keen supporter of NEV - pure battery electric, hybrid and plug-in hybrids - and has started implementing NEV sales quota requirements for automakers.After rolling out a generous 5-year NEV subsidy programme in 2016 to support sales and encourage innovation, Beijing recently pledged to phase it out by 2020 and raise standards for vehicles eligible for subsidies amid criticism some firms have become too reliant on the funds. (Reporting by Beijing newsroom, Yilei Sun and Brenda Goh in Shanghai; Editing by Himani Sarkar)The new jobs numbers reported Friday are not spectacular by the standards of the last couple of years. But they also signify a sigh of relief.A weak job growth number in February had appeared to be the most solid evidence yet that the United States economy was slowing, and perhaps even that the expansion might be near an end. The Labor Department originally reported that employers added a mere 20,000 jobs that month. Even after new revisions, that number came in at only 33,000.The March number — 196,000 positions added last month — makes clear that February was an aberration, not a trend. For all the fluctuations in financial markets and pessimistic commentary at the end of last year, the great American job creation machine is still humming.Over the last six months, the economy has averaged 207,000 new jobs a month, which is actually better than the results in 2017 and only slightly behind the rates of 2018.But even as the numbers give some assurance that the economy isn’t falling off a cliff, there’s nothing in it that will give the Federal Reserve reason to reconsider its approach on interest rates.Average hourly earnings rose only 0.1 percent in March, and are up 3.2 percent over the last year. Inflation is low enough that this represents rising incomes for American workers. But this is hardly the stuff of an inflationary outbreak that the Fed will feel compelled to stop with an increase in interest rates.The Fed, which has decided to put off rate increases indefinitely, has become increasingly comfortable with a tight labor market and jobless rates that, in the past, it would have viewed as a precursor to overheating. With the March rate at 3.8 percent, the jobless rate has been at 4 percent or lower for a full year.The stable unemployment rate in March masked negative trends in the share of Americans looking for work. The labor force participation rate fell by 0.2 of a percentage point, and the ratio of the adult population working fell by 0.1 percent.That is probably a statistical aberration, but taken at face value it implies that the progress toward pulling more Americans into the work force has not been as consistent and compelling as it had seemed.Combined with other significant data points — like surveys of business activity and retail sales — the latest readings on the labor market support the idea that this is a resilient economy. In December, a sharp sell-off in the stock market coincided with a rise in pessimism in surveys of business leaders.The report is a reminder that even if growth slows in 2019, which forecasters expect, a slowdown is not the same as a recession, and certainly not the same as a collapse. So far, the ominous signs about the economy — such as longer-term interest rates falling below some short-term rates, and weak reports on retail sales in December and on the labor market in February — are not reasons to panic.In other words, as long as employers ignore the latest fluctuations in financial markets and make their hiring and investment decisions based on demand for their products (which is strong) and availability of credit (which is easy), this expansion should have room to run yet.SHANGHAI — Geely, China's highest profile car maker with investments in Volvo and Daimler, launched a premium all-electric car brand "Geometry" on Thursday as it pushes ahead with its plans to boost production of new energy vehicles.The move comes as automakers race to develop vehicles powered by means other than petrol to meet an expected rise in demand as the world's top car market enforces official production quotas designed to reduce smog.Geometry will take overseas orders but will mainly focus on the Chinese market and will launch more than 10 pure electric models in multiple segments by 2025, Geely said in a statement on Thursday.The company added it had already received more than 26,000 orders globally for its first model, the Geometry A. The longer-range version of the model has an ability to travel up to 500 kilometers (310.69 miles) on a single charge, Geely said. Geely launched Geometry at an event in Singapore and said the city-state would eventually become a target market."The launch of Geometry and its first product advances Geely's strategic goal of becoming one of world top 10 automotive groups," An Conghui, president of Zhejiang Geely Holding Group, said in the statement.Geely set up a new joint venture with Germany's Daimler just last month to build the next generation of Smart electric cars in China. Smart is Daimler's small-car brand.Geely is also developing new energy commercial vehicles like pickup trucks at another unit, Yuan Cheng Auto. China has been a keen supporter of new energy vehicles (NEV) including pure battery electric, hybrid, and plug-in hybrid technologies, and started implementing NEV sales quota requirements for automakers. According to a Reuters report, global automakers are planning a $300 billion surge in spending on electric vehicle technology over the next five to 10 years, with nearly half of the money targeted at China.Geely posted sales growth of 20 percent in 2018. However, it is forecasting largely steady sales this year as the country's giant auto market struggles with slowing economic growth and more cautious consumers. Last year, the overall market contracted for the first time since the 1990s.The Chinese carmaker bought Volvo Cars in 2010 from Ford Motor Co in what was China's biggest acquisition of a foreign car maker at the time.  (Reporting by Yilei Sun and Brenda Goh in Shanghai; Editing by Himani Sarkar)DUBAI/LONDON/MOSCOW — OPEC could raise oil output from July if Venezuelan and Iranian supply drops further and prices keep rallying, because extending production cuts with Russia and other allies could overtighten the market, sources familiar with the matter said.Venezuelan crude production has dropped below 1 million barrels per day (bpd) because of U.S. sanctions. Iranian supply could fall further after May if, as many expect, Washington tightens its sanctions against Tehran.The combined supply cuts have helped to drive a 32 percent rally in crude prices this year to nearly $72 a barrel, prompting pressure from U.S. President Donald Trump for OPEC to ease its market-supporting efforts. OPEC has been saying the curbs must remain, but that stance is now softening."If there was a big drop in supply and oil went up to $85, that's something we don't want to see, so we may have to increase output," one OPEC source said. The market outlook remains unclear and much depends on how far Washington tightens the screw on Iran and Venezuela before OPEC's June meeting, the source added.The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, Russia and other producers, an alliance known as OPEC+, are reducing output by 1.2 million bpd from Jan. 1 for six months. They meet on June 25-26 to decide whether to extend the pact.A Russian official indicated this week that Moscow wanted to pump more, in comments that a Russian energy source said were aimed at preparing the market for the end of output curbs.However, President Vladimir Putin seemingly softened that stance.A second OPEC source said producers "might" pump more if output dropped further from Iran and Venezuela and oil went above $80 by June. If this happened, any increase would be smaller than 1.2 million bpd, the source saidA third OPEC source raised the prospect of amending the deal in June while still extending the pact, citing declines in Iranian and Venezuelan production plus volatility in Libyan supply."I expect an extension for a further period, but maybe there will be some adjustment," this source said.In 2018 OPEC+ decided to increase output at its mid-year meeting, only to return to production cuts in 2019.OUTPUT DROPSOutput declines in OPEC because of the supply pact, plus the sanctions on Venezuela and Iran, have exceeded expectations.Venezuela pumped 960,000 bpd in March, down almost 500,000 bpd from February, OPEC said in a report on Wednesday. The report pointed to a slightly under-supplied market in 2019 if OPEC kept pumping at March's level.For a graphic on World oil market balance 2019, see - https://tmsnrt.rs/2VBfVGG The International Energy Agency on Thursday reported an even lower figure for Venezuela's March output and said the country's production is likely to fall further this month. Adding to the impact of the involuntary declines, top exporter Saudi Arabia has cut production by more than it agreed under the global pact.A fourth OPEC source said there were talks about ideas such as whether OPEC should continue with the cuts alone, a deal extension of only three months to keep Russia on board or pumping more if prices rise further."An increase is on the table, yes, if prices went to $80 and higher," this OPEC source said. "It all depends on where prices are by the end of May and June."Saudi Arabia can add more oil to the market without adjusting production quotas since the kingdom's output in March was some 500,000 bpd below its OPEC target, the source added.Russia is also ready to boost supplies. "Russia has started talks about an oil production rise as it can hardly follow the OPEC+ deal," said another Russian energy source. "The companies are struggling to curb production."  (Writing by Alex Lawler; Editing by Dale Hudson and David Goodman)Each week, our survey of recent residential sales in New York City and the surrounding region focuses on homes that sold around a certain price point, allowing you to compare single-family homes, condos and co-ops in different locales.The “list price” is the asking price when the property came on the market with the most recent broker. The time on the market is measured from the most recent listing to the closing date of the sale.Queens | 3 bedrooms, 1½ baths$810,00052-50 62nd Street, MaspethAn 89-year-old, 1,400-square-foot, attached Tudor-style house with a decorative fireplace in the living room, a finished basement with a partial kitchen, and an attached one-car garage.32 weeks on the market$918,000 list price12% below list priceCosts $5,743 a year in taxesListing broker Douglas Elliman Real EstateConnecticut | 5 bedrooms, 4 full and 2 half baths$949,00063 Old Rock Lane, NorwalkA seven-year-old, 3,292-square-foot house with vinyl siding, a kitchen with a breakfast bar, a family room with a fireplace, a formal dining room and a bluestone patio, on 1.23 acres.25 weeks on the market$1,099,000 list price14% below list priceCosts $16,788 a year in taxesListing broker Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices New England PropertiesNew Jersey | 5 bedrooms, 3½ baths$785,000108 Collingwood Place, RidgewoodThis three-story, 2,586-square-foot house built in 1904 has a living room with a stone fireplace, a dining room with a coffered ceiling and a kitchen with a vaulted ceiling, on 0.42 acres.22 weeks on the market$850,000 list price8% below list priceCosts $18,367 a year in taxesListing broker Prominent Properties Sotheby’s International RealtyLong Island | 3 bedrooms, 1½ baths$748,000129 Elm Street, Roslyn HeightsThis 99-year-old, 1,508-square-foot, brick house has a front porch, a formal dining room with built-in cabinets, and a family room with a beamed ceiling and a fireplace, on 0.23 acres.18 weeks on the market$748,000 list price0% above list priceCosts $16,599 a year in taxesListing broker Coldwell Banker Residential BrokerageManhattan | Studio$735,000310 East 46th Street, No. 12U, Turtle BayThis 790-square-foot, prewar condop has a bath, a sleeping loft, a terrace and a galley kitchen with quartz counters, in a doorman building with a roof deck and laundry rooms.46 weeks on the market$785,000 list price7% below list priceCosts $1,483 a month in maintenanceListing broker Wave Real EstateWestchester | 4 bedrooms, 2½ baths$800,000482 North Winding Road, ArdsleyA 54-year-old, 2,620-square-foot, contemporary-style house with a floating staircase, a kitchen with a countertop range, and a master suite with sliding doors to a deck, on 1.54 acres.23 weeks on the market$929,000 list price14% below list priceCosts $21,644 a year in taxesListing broker Houlihan LawrenceFor weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here. Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.HONG KONG — The European Union's markets watchdog should reconsider its ban on trading thousands of shares outside the bloc if there is a no-deal Brexit, a senior French government official said on Wednesday.The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) stunned exchanges last month when it said that if Britain leaves the EU without a deal, 6,200 mostly EU-listed shares, but also 14 UK stocks, could only be traded on platforms inside the bloc.London is Europe's biggest share trading centre, used by fund managers from across the continent who would be forced to accept less attractive prices if cut off from Britain."The good thing is that ESMA has taken a decision, sometimes you see that in other places it is difficult to have a decision," said Sebastien Raspiller, head of the financial sector department at France's finance ministry."The bad news is that the decision was not good, so I hope that ESMA would be able to reconsider its position," Raspiller told the annual meeting of derivatives industry body ISDA in Hong Kong.ESMA declined to comment.ESMA's so-called "share trading obligation" decision has been described by some industry officials as a "land grab" by an EU keen to build up its own capital markets as Britain leaves the bloc.EFAMA, the European funds industry body, said it has called on the EU's executive European Commission to grant trading platforms in London access to EU customers in the event of a no-deal Brexit to avoid "negative implications" for asset managers and end investors.Pan-European share trading platforms Cboe, Turquoise (part of the London Stock Exchange) and Aquis Exchange have had to change their no-deal Brexit plans in recent days following ESMA's ruling, warning that splitting trading liquidity would hurt investors.Britain's markets watchdog, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), has called on ESMA to discuss the ruling. The FCA could reciprocate with a ban on trading UK and even some liquid EU shares outside the United Kingdom.The FCA declined to comment.Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May is asking EU leaders on Wednesday for a further delay to Brexit until at least the end of June, and Raspiller said uncertainty over Brexit was damaging for market participants. (Reporting by Alun John in Hong Kong; Writing and additional reporting by Huw Jones in London; Editing by Catherine Evans, David Holmes and Kirsten Donovan)SAN FRANCISCO — Pinterest set a price range for its initial public offering that will value the company below its last private-market peg of $12 billion, raising questions about investor demand for prominent but unprofitable technology companies that are stampeding toward the stock market.In an updated prospectus on Monday, Pinterest said it planned to price its offering at $15 to $17 a share. At the high end of that range, the digital pin board company would be valued at about $11.3 billion, accounting for stock options and restricted stock. The business was first valued at $12 billion in 2015, and again in 2017, by venture capitalists and other private investors.Pinterest’s price range dampens some of the fervor over a wave of tech offerings this year, which had promised to generate piles of new wealth in Silicon Valley. It follows last month’s I.P.O. of Lyft, the ride-hailing company, which is deeply unprofitable. While the offering created a great deal of hype and Lyft’s shares rose on their first day of trading, the stock fell below its offering price on its second day of trading, as it faced questions about its business.“People are looking at Lyft and realizing that even if the road show goes extremely well and there is a lot of demand, you can’t overprice the offering,” said Elliot Lutzker, corporate and securities partner at Davidoff Hutcher & Citron.He added that investors were looking more at business fundamentals. “Not every company is an Amazon that can afford to lose money for years and years while growing,” he said.How Lyft and Pinterest perform in their public debuts will be critical in the lead-up to the public offering of Uber, the largest of this generation of tech start-ups. Uber is expected to go public in the next few months at a valuation of around $120 billion, in what would be the biggest I.P.O. by an American company.Several other smaller companies are also planning public offerings, including Zoom, a video conferencing company; PagerDuty, a software company; and Slack, an office communications company.Pinterest’s filing on Monday coincided with the beginning of the company’s so-called road show, during which it plans to pitch institutional investors before the company’s final I.P.O. pricing and first day of trading. High demand from investors over the next several days could lead the company to raise the price of its shares.At the midpoint of its price range, the company would raise around $1.2 billion from public market investors. Pinterest also has $628 million in cash on its balance sheet.If Pinterest goes public below its last private market valuation, that will not be a first for this generation of highly valued start-ups. Box, a cloud storage company, went public in 2015 at $1.6 billion, below its $2.4 billion private market valuation. The company now trades at a $2.8 billion market capitalization. Square, a payments company that was worth $6 billion in the private market, went public in 2015 at a $2.9 billion valuation. Square now has a $31 billion market capitalization.In total, private investors have poured about $1.5 billion into Pinterest. A market debut below $12 billion could spell a loss for the ones that invested most recently.But the company’s earlier investors will still see huge paydays. In its updated prospectus, Pinterest revealed the ownership stakes of its biggest shareholders, which include the venture capital firms Bessemer Venture Partners, FirstMark Capital and Andreessen Horowitz. At the midpoint of the proposed I.P.O. price range, Bessemer’s stake would be worth $952 million, FirstMark’s would be worth $710 million, and Andreessen’s would be $696 million.The biggest individual shareholder is Ben Silbermann, Pinterest’s 36-year-old chief executive and co-founder. He owns 11.4 percent of Pinterest’s shares, making his stake worth $825 million at the midpoint of the pricing range. Evan Sharp, 36, another co-founder and the chief design and creative officer, owns 2.1 percent of the company.Pinterest, which makes digital pin boards that allow people to save images and links from around the web, took off around 2011. Pinners, as users are known, create collagelike mood boards on topics like food, events and hobbies. Mr. Silbermann, who has taken a conservative approach to spending and growth, sought to build the company slowly. In 2014, Pinterest began selling ads.Mr. Silbermann’s methods contrasted with those of other entrepreneurs who lead companies known as unicorns, which are valued at more than $1 billion by private investors. Such companies have typically put a priority on fast growth over profits and take many years to go public. Unicorns that sell or go public below their last private valuation are known as undercorns.Like its peers, Pinterest loses money. But the company, which generates revenue from advertising, is burning less cash than Lyft or Uber. Last month, Pinterest revealed it lost $63 million on revenue of $756 million in 2018. Pinterest is also growing quickly, reporting a 60 percent jump in revenue from 2017 to 2018.The company plans to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol PINS.NEW YORK — Optimism that the United States and China will soon reach a trade deal has helped propel stocks close to new highs, but the decisive factor in whether the bull market runs much further may be this year's corporate earnings.Earnings season begins in earnest on Friday when JPMorgan Chase & Co and Wells Fargo & Co report quarterly results. Profit forecasts have been falling, and beating these lowered expectations could provide a catalyst for sustaining the rally that began a decade ago, investors say.The S&P 500 has risen 14.8% so far this year and is now just 1.8% below its record closing high of 2,930.75 on Sept. 20 and even closer to the 2,900 median year-end forecast from market strategists polled by Reuters in February.Rising expectations that a U.S.-China trade agreement is imminent have driven much of this year's gain in stocks, a reversal of the sharp sell-off in the fourth quarter of 2018. The Federal Reserve's move to pause interest-rate hikes has also helped fuel the run-up, outweighing concerns that the global economy is slowing.Yet those factors may not be enough to sustain the bull run if corporate earnings are underwhelming. Risks remain on trade too, with U.S. trade official Clete Willems telling Reuters on Monday that the White House is "not satisfied yet" about all the issues standing in the way of a deal to end the U.S.-China trade war. While earnings are expected to fall 2.5% year-over-year in the first quarter and register tepid growth in the second and third quarters, according to Refinitiv, consensus estimates have them rebounding in the fourth quarter, rising 8.9%."Whatever trade deal may come to fruition may cause a small short-term spike in markets, but it's largely priced in," said Oliver Pursche, chief market strategist at Bruderman Asset Management in New York. "Corporate earnings and economic data are much more critical."Especially worrying for investors is the potential of a corporate earnings recession, defined as at least two quarters of falling year-over-year profits, in 2019. First-quarter earnings are already projected to fall from 2018 figures, and further downward revisions to second-quarter estimates, currently at 2.5% year-over-year growth, could put them in negative territory as well."Almost all the earnings growth is backloaded into the end of the year," said Emily Roland, head of capital markets research at John Hancock Investments in Boston. "We're going to need a positive surprise in earnings to keep the engine running for strong market returns."Some believe that with lowered expectations, companies have ample room to surprise to the upside in their quarterly reports. Even if first-quarter profits decline, upbeat outlooks for the rest of the year could lift stocks.Earnings estimates do not reflect the positive effect of lower interest rates, said John Carey, portfolio manager at Amundi Pioneer Asset Management in Boston. Lower rates also bode well for consumer confidence, Carey said."With a more benign interest-rate outlook, we could go back to more positive earnings projections," he said. "It's a fairly major development."TRADE DEAL COULD PLAY ROLE IN EARNINGSWhile many investors believe a U.S. trade agreement with China would provide only a limited boost to equities at this point, the effects of such a deal could play a significant role in earnings outlooks for the second half of the year.Investors have sought to pinpoint how much of a slowdown in China's economic growth can be attributed to the effect of U.S. tariffs. If China's economy continues to slow even after a trade deal is reached, that malaise could inflame global economic fears once again, said Shannon Saccocia, chief investment officer at Boston Private. That could trigger a flight away from shares of U.S. multinationals with high China exposure, similar to what occurred in the spring of 2018.But several market watchers expect a rebound in Chinese economic growth as the country's stimulus measures take root and trade pressures are alleviated.Such a recovery would bode well for U.S. corporate earnings, particularly in the technology sector. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index, for instance, has risen 26.8% this year on the expectation that demand for chips will rebound as China's pace of economic growth is restored."If earnings growth firms up a little bit, that can drive the market higher," said James Ragan, director of wealth management research at D.A. Davidson in Seattle. "If we have a good U.S. economy and get China stimulus, you could make the argument that the environment for corporate earnings is positive." (Reporting by April Joyner; Editing by Alden Bentley and Cynthia Osterman)Each week, our survey of recent residential sales in New York City and the surrounding region focuses on homes that sold around a certain price point, allowing you to compare single-family homes, condos and co-ops in different locales.The “list price” is the asking price when the property came on the market with the most recent broker. The time on the market is measured from the most recent listing to the closing date of the sale.Manhattan | 1 bedroom, 1 bath$1,025,00050 Franklin Street, No. 7E, TriBeCaThis 779-square-foot, postwar condo has nine-foot ceilings, southern exposure, an open kitchen with a breakfast bar, and a washer and dryer, in a doorman building with a gym.40 weeks on the market$1,195,000 list price14% below list priceCosts $992 a month in common charges; $810 a month in abated taxesListing broker Douglas Elliman Real EstateWestchester | 4 bedrooms, 2½ baths$875,000162 Kelbourne Avenue, Sleepy HollowAn 89-year-old, 2,837-square-foot, Tudor-style house with a fireplace in the living room, a picture window in the dining room, a home office and a flagstone patio, on a quarter acre.13 weeks on the market$885,000 list price1% below list priceCosts $24,846 a year in taxesListing broker Houlihan LawrenceConnecticut |4 bedrooms, 4½ baths$826,00014 Duck Pond Road, NorwalkThis 31-year-old, 4,812-square-foot house has a sunken living room with a stone fireplace, a sun room with skylights and a master suite with a balcony, on an acre.94 weeks on the market$995,000 list price17% below list priceCosts $21,985 a year in taxesListing broker Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices New England PropertiesNew Jersey | 2 bedrooms, 2 baths$1,070,000205 10th Street, No. 2M, Jersey CityThis 1,770-square-foot duplex condo has a dining room with 15-foot ceilings, an open kitchen with stainless-steel appliances and an additional sleeping loft, in a former leather factory.16 weeks on the market$1,149,000 list price7% below list priceCosts $13,856 a year in taxes; $774 a month in common chargesListing broker Sawyer Smith ResidentialLong Island | 4 bedrooms, 3½ baths$1,065,00065 Park Avenue, MerrickA 71-year-old, 3,699-square-foot, vinyl-sided, colonial-style house with a fireplace in the formal dining room, a kitchen with stainless-steel appliances, a finished basement and a pool, on 0.28 acres.47 weeks on the market$1,249,000 list price15% below list priceCosts $23,039 a year in taxesListing broker Coldwell Banker Residential BrokerageBrooklyn | 3 bedrooms, 2 baths$865,00026 Eldert Street, No. 4, BushwickAn 1,100-square-foot duplex penthouse condo with hardwood floors, an open kitchen with quartz counters, and a private roof deck, in a prewar walk-up building with a metal facade.19 weeks on the market$999,000 list price13% below list priceCosts $475 in month in common charges; $615 a month in taxesListing broker Real New YorkFor weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here. Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.Fees on mutual funds and exchange-traded funds have been dropping so low that investors can now get the access and capabilities once enjoyed only by large institutions like pension funds at minimal cost.That’s a great benefit, though the proliferation of low-cost funds can also increase risks for people who may not know how to handle them, strategists say.Exchange-traded funds are priced all day on stock exchanges, unlike traditional mutual funds, which are priced only once daily, after the exchanges close. E.T.F.s also offer some tax advantages compared with mutual funds, said Larry Stein, a certified financial planner who manages more than $30 million at his Disciplined Investment Management firm in Deerfield, Ill.“All of my investments are in very basic traditional E.T.F.s,” Mr. Stein said. “It gives me the greatest diversification at the lowest possible cost.”A fee price war is underway. In a February filing, for example, the Vanguard Group said it was reducing fees on 10 funds with combined assets of $176 billion. Then SoFi, an online lender, said it planned to offer zero-fee E.T.F.s, while Charles Schwab and Fidelity increased the numbers of E.T.F.s. that could be traded without commissions. State Street Global Advisors, Defiance, BlackRock and DWS also announced that they were starting new low-fee funds, while JPMorgan Chase cut the fees on one of its United States stock funds to 0.02 percent.By the end of 2018, XTF, a fund analysis firm, found that nearly three-quarters of all assets in E.T.F.s were held in funds with expense ratios of less than 0.2 percent — just $2 for every $1,000 invested.Low-cost index mutual funds have been gaining popularity, too.In September, Fidelity introduced two index mutual funds with zero expense ratios, even lower than Vanguard’s cheapest index fund, the 500 Index Fund Admiral Shares, which has a ratio of 0.04 percent. The Fidelity funds — the Zero Total Market Index Fund and Zero International Index Fund — took in $1 billion in their first month. In March, BlackRock announced that it would cut fees on its iShares S&P 500 Index Fund to $1.25 for every $10,000 invested from $4, making it BlackRock’s cheapest fund.The failure of most active investment managers to match — much less beat — major indexes such as the Standard & Poor’s 500 or the Dow Jones Industrial Index has created a strong argument for cheap index funds that simply mimic those benchmarks.“More investors are appreciating the virtues of index investing, and more investors are appreciating the value of low cost — the less you pay for your investments, the more you have in your account,” said Rich Powers, who heads E.T.F. management at Vanguard.With just a few E.T.F.s, an investor can build a broadly diversified portfolio in domestic and foreign stocks and bonds.The Bogleheads, a group of admirers of John C. Bogle — the founder of the Vanguard Group and the godfather of low-cost investing — often recommend a simple, three-fund portfolio that tracks the total United States stock market, international stock markets and the domestic investment-grade bond market. Through 2018, such a portfolio, with 60 percent allocated to stocks and 40 percent to bonds, returned 8.2 percent, annualized over 10 years and 5.57 percent over 20 years.Warren E. Buffett has recommended an even simpler approach for most investors: a two-fund strategy, split between short-term government bonds and a low-cost Standard & Poor’s 500 index fund. He said he thinks the “long-term results from this policy will be superior to those attained by most investors.”The explosion of cheap funds has created some dangerous temptations for investors, however. For one thing, the ability to buy and sell E.T.F.s just like stocks can encourage too much daily trading, with associated expenses that eat into returns. Some funds are narrow in focus and not suitable for all portfolios. Simply because a fund is cheap does not mean that it’s a wise investment.Investors should look beyond low expense ratios to the spread in bid and ask prices offered by buyers and sellers. Smaller or more thinly traded E.T.F.s can bear wider spreads that defeat low fees, while bigger, more popular funds tracking common indexes can offer lower total costs.“Broadly diversified E.T.F.s usually trade in a tight spread,” said Mr. Powers of Vanguard. “We always encourage investors to look at the spread, especially when they’re comparing these very low-cost funds.”Another caveat is that a portfolio of basic E.T.F.s or index mutual funds will rise and fall with the broad market. That’s great when markets are rising. But investors who’ve used only index funds during this decade-long bull market could be in for a surprise when a real bear market emerges.If you are likely to need money soon to live on, for example, you will want to make sure you have managed the risk of your portfolio carefully, Mr. Stein of Disciplined Investment management said.“But for young people who don’t need to manage risk, E.T.F.s are an incredible thing,” he added. If all goes as expected and you are truly invested for the long term, he said, there is a good chance that you can “close your eyes and look at it 30 years later and you’re going to be very happy.”TOKYO — Japanese banks have stepped up investments in highly illiquid, securitised loans, mostly in the U.S. market, as it becomes increasingly difficult to earn decent interest income from conventional products like government bonds.A Reuters survey showed some of Japan's biggest banks, led by Norinchukin Bank, have nearly doubled their investment in collateralised loan obligations (CLOs) in the nine months to December.While the increased exposure brings back memories of similar, complex products made up of subprime mortgages that triggered a global financial crisis a decade ago, banks say they are managing risks carefully.Moreover, analysts expect institutions to continue buying such assets as Japanese investors seek returns amid a zero interest rate environment at home and a shrinking pool of stable, high yield income abroad. "We are controlling risks and returns from our major asset classes -- bonds, stocks and credit products -- by looking at their correlations and with proper checks by our risk control desk," said a spokesman for the Norinchukin Bank, by far the biggest CLO buyer among Japanese banks.CLOs are essentially an investment in a pool of loans to high-risk, low-credit companies. But not all investors share the same return and risk.Those who invest in the "equity" part, typically up to 10 percent of the entire pool, enjoy very high yields but have to take losses from borrowers default first.When defaults increase more than the equity investors can absorb, investors in "junior" tranches are next in line to suffer losses, followed by "mezzanine" tranche holders.The rest, typically about 60-70 percent of the total pool, are called "senior" tranches and normally come with AAA credit ratings because their repayments are at risk only when the other three classes fail to cover losses.That means they suffer losses only when more than 30-40 percent of loans default, an unlikely scenario even under a severe economic downturn, at least based on historical records.All the Japanese banks Reuters contacted said they have bought only AAA tranches.Senior CLOs are attractive because they typically yield about 100 basis points or more above U.S. Treasuries despite their high credit ratings.The hefty yield spread is the premium issuers need to pay investors for holding illiquid assets."As long as we can earn appropriate spreads, we plan to deal with CLO issues that will be resilient to risks," said spokesman at Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings.The size of securitised debt market shrank after the crisis. In the United States, it fell from over $1 trillion to around $600 billion in 2013. But since then it has gradually recovered to around $800 billion (£613 billion).Market players say CLOs today are considered less risky than the notorious collateralised debt obligations, or CDOs, which caused a massive market shock in 2007-08 after subprime borrowers' default jumped.Regulations have become tighter since then and borrowers in CLOs are companies, whose financial records are easier to analyse for investors, rather than thousands of subprime mortgage borrowers.Still, analysts say they cannot rule out the possibility that CLO prices would fall if an unexpected economic downturn prompted investor panic."When the economy deteriorates, we could have a vicious cycle of rising funding costs increasing defaults further," said Yukichi Shimosato, market analyst at SMBC Nikko Securities. "And because the CLO market is illiquid, if investors pull out some money, the price of CLOs could fall to extreme levels."Graphic: Japanese banks' holding of CLOs (https://tmsnrt.rs/2X2y2pp) (Additional reporting and writing by Hideyuki Sano; Editing by Sam Holmes)(Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc has decided it will seek to sell around $10 billion worth of stock in its initial public offering, and will make public the registration of the offering on Thursday, people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.An IPO of this size would make Uber one of the biggest technology IPOs of all time, and the largest since that of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd in 2014.Uber is seeking a valuation of between $90 billion and $100 billion, influenced by the poor performance of smaller rival Lyft Inc's shares following its IPO late last month, the sources said. Investment bankers previously told Uber it could be worth as much as $120 billion.Uber most recently was valued at $76 billion in the private fundraising market.Most of the shares sold would be issued by the company, while a smaller portion would be owned by Uber investors cashing out, one of the sources said. Uber plans to make its IPO registration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission publicly available on Thursday, and will kick of its investor roadshow during the week of April 29, putting it on track to price its IPO and begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange in early May, the sources said. The sources cautioned that the plans are still subject to change and market conditions, and asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential.A representative for Uber declined to comment. Lyft's IPO priced at the top end of its upwardly revised range last month, assigning it a valuation of more than $24 billion in an offering that raised $2.34 billion. But the stock has traded poorly since debuting on the Nasdaq on March 29, as concerns about the startup's path to profitability have become more prominent. The shares ended trading on Tuesday at $67.44, well below their $72 IPO price.In moderating its valuation expectations, Uber is showing a realism that is being increasingly adopted by Silicon Valley unicorns, as stock market investors push back against some of the lofty price tags sought.On Monday, Pinterest Inc set a price range for its IPO that values it below the $12 billion at which the online image-search company sourced its last private fundraising in 2017.Uber operates in more than 70 countries. In addition to ride-hailing, its business includes bike and scooter rentals, freight hauling, food delivery, and an expensive self-driving car division. During the IPO roadshow, Uber's chief executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, will be tasked with convincing investors that he has successfully changed the company’s culture and business practices after a series of embarrassing scandals over the last two years.Those have included sexual harassment allegations, a massive data breach that was concealed from regulators, use of illicit software to evade authorities and allegations of bribery overseas.Uber last year had revenue of $11.3 billion, while gross bookings from rides was $50 billion. But the company lost $3.3 billion, excluding gains from the sale of its overseas business units in Russia and Southeast Asia. (Reporting by Joshua Franklin and Carl O'Donnell in New York; Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)ST PETERSBURG, Russia — President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday that Russia and OPEC should discuss the future of their oil output-cutting deal later this year, adding that current oil prices suited Moscow.The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other large oil producers led by Russia agreed to reduce their combined output by 1.2 million barrels per day (bpd) from Jan. 1 this year for six months in an attempt to balance the market.Russia undertook to cut its production by 228,000 bpd but has struggled to comply with the pact. On Monday, one of the key Russian officials to foster the pact with OPEC, Kirill Dmitriev, signalled that Russia wanted to raise oil output when it meets with OPEC in June because of improving market conditions and falling stockpiles.But Putin, the ultimate decision-maker in Russia, seemingly softened that stance, saying it was too early to judge whether the deal should be extended."We are ready for cooperation with OPEC in decision-making ... But whether it would be cuts, or just a stoppage at the current level of output, I am not ready to say," Putin told an Arctic conference in St. Petersburg."We are not supporters of uncontrollable price rises," he said. Putin also said current oil prices suited Russia, which is heavily dependent on sales of oil and natural gas.OPEC and allied oil producers are due to meet in late June in Vienna."Of course, we and our partners ... are closely watching the market. We agreed that if there is a need for joint efforts, we will gather in the second half of the year and hold discussions," Putin said.Putin also said Russian companies had their own plans and their intention to develop new fields should be taken into account. Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak said earlier on Tuesday there would be no need to extend the output deal if the oil market was expected to be balanced in the second half of the year, the RIA news agency reported.Novak later said all options were on the table. (Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin and Gleb Stolyarov; Writing by Tom Balmforth and Vladimir Soldatkin; Editing by Dale Hudson and Maria Kiselyova)(Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc has decided it will seek to sell around $10 billion worth of stock in its initial public offering, and will make public the registration of the offering on Thursday, people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.An IPO of this size would make Uber one of the biggest technology IPOs of all time, and the largest since that of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd in 2014.Uber is seeking a valuation of between $90 billion and $100 billion, influenced by the poor performance of smaller rival Lyft Inc's shares following its IPO late last month, the sources said. Investment bankers previously told Uber it could be worth as much as $120 billion.Uber most recently was valued at $76 billion in the private fundraising market.Most of the shares sold would be issued by the company, while a smaller portion would be owned by Uber investors cashing out, one of the sources said. Uber plans to make its IPO registration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission publicly available on Thursday, and will kick of its investor roadshow during the week of April 29, putting it on track to price its IPO and begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange in early May, the sources said. The sources cautioned that the plans are still subject to change and market conditions, and asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential.A representative for Uber declined to comment. Lyft's IPO priced at the top end of its upwardly revised range last month, assigning it a valuation of more than $24 billion in an offering that raised $2.34 billion. But the stock has traded poorly since debuting on the Nasdaq on March 29, as concerns about the startup's path to profitability have become more prominent. The shares ended trading on Tuesday at $67.44, well below their $72 IPO price.In moderating its valuation expectations, Uber is showing a realism that is being increasingly adopted by Silicon Valley unicorns, as stock market investors push back against some of the lofty price tags sought.On Monday, Pinterest Inc set a price range for its IPO that values it below the $12 billion at which the online image-search company sourced its last private fundraising in 2017.Uber operates in more than 70 countries. In addition to ride-hailing, its business includes bike and scooter rentals, freight hauling, food delivery, and an expensive self-driving car division. During the IPO roadshow, Uber's chief executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, will be tasked with convincing investors that he has successfully changed the company’s culture and business practices after a series of embarrassing scandals over the last two years.Those have included sexual harassment allegations, a massive data breach that was concealed from regulators, use of illicit software to evade authorities and allegations of bribery overseas.Uber last year had revenue of $11.3 billion, while gross bookings from rides was $50 billion. But the company lost $3.3 billion, excluding gains from the sale of its overseas business units in Russia and Southeast Asia. (Reporting by Joshua Franklin and Carl O'Donnell in New York; Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)LONDON — The European Federation of Energy Traders (EFET) has urged power exchanges Nord Pool and EPEX SPOT to keep a single British day-ahead power price if there is a no-deal Brexit.Britain is due to leave the European Union on Friday unless it gets a further extension. Without a deal, it would no longer be coupled to European power markets and the UK market would be split between the EPEX SPOT and Nord Pool hubs.It would mean there were two day-ahead power prices for Britain for the same delivery period."Although there is no legal requirement obliging power exchanges to maintain a single UK price, we call on EPEX SPOT and Nord Pool to find practical arrangements to re-establish a single price for the UK bidding zone," EFET said in a statement."Maintaining a single reference price is crucial for ensuring the efficient functioning of the wholesale market in power inside Britain, in particular with regard to price discovery and efficient hedging," it added.EPEX SPOT said it has been discussing arrangements for maintaining a single UK power price after Brexit with parties in Britain and Europe over the past few weeks."So far, unfortunately, we have not obtained the necessary alignment of all concerned parties on a pragmatic solution, but we will continue to push for it," it added.Nord Pool said it has been in discussions with the British government and energy market regulator for many months about the issue, adding it had yet to be satisfactorily addressed.A spokeswoman for the company said talks with UK stakeholders were continuing and its top priority was to ensure its members could continue to trade with confidence on its platform in the event of a hard Brexit. British Prime Minister Theresa May will meet German leader Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday to argue for a Brexit delay as her ministers continue to hold crisis talks with the opposition Labour Party to try to break the deadlock in London.As it stands, Britain will leave the EU at 2200 GMT on Friday. (Reporting by Nina Chestney and Lefteris Karagiannopoulos; editing by Mike Harrison and Kirsten Donovan)LONDON — The rising tide of light U.S. shale oil has largely swept away comparable grades of Nigerian oil from American shores and is putting them under pressure in Europe.But steady Indian and Indonesian demand has helped lift price indications for two of Nigeria's top grades to near five-year highs, according to traders and shipping data."It's only because India's economy has been growing, and to a lesser extent Indonesia, that there remains decent demand for Nigerian crude. Without those two countries, the European buyers would have dragged the market much lower," one seller said.A projected rise in buying from European refineries, which supply fuel to the United States, is offering some support for now. Light Nigerian oil is easily processed into higher octane gasoline increasingly used in the United States, where the summer driving season looms.As a result, sellers of Bonny Light and Qua Iboe crude are offering at and above a premium of $2.00 a barrel compared to dated Brent, the benchmark North Sea crude.Graphic: Nigerian crude offered near five-year highs (https://tmsnrt.rs/2I0p4p0)But European refiners are also driving a hard bargain, balking at higher Nigerian prices when one trader said the market was flooded by "a sea of cheap U.S. oil.""We have many options that mean Nigerian won't work for us at these prices," another trader said, adding that in addition to U.S. oil, European refiners could turn to North Sea and Caspian Pipeline Consortium (CPC) crudes.CPC oil "costs us 50 cents less a barrel compared to the prices being asked for Nigerian, given the freight costs and market structure," he said.Sellers of Nigerian crude are still learning to live with the surge in U.S. shale output, which has turned the United States into the world's top crude producer and dampened demand for imports in what had been a reliable market for Nigeria."Nigerian crude has taken a beating for the last 10 years ever since the U.S. scaled back buying," the seller added.Nigerian exports of crude and petroleum products to the United States plunged from 36.4 million barrels in July 2010 to just 5.6 million barrels in January 2019, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.Graphic: U.S. Imports of Nigerian Crude (https://tmsnrt.rs/2Vnk1SA)After Washington lifted a four-decade ban on exports of U.S. oil in 2015, shipments to Europe hit an all-time high of 25 million barrels in March 2019 from just 2 million barrels in February 2016, Refinitiv Eikon data showed.This has put a squeeze on a prime Nigerian market.U.S. oil is also heading to India, where it is increasingly competing with Nigerian crude. Indian Oil Corp, the country's top refiner, signed its first annual deal to buy U.S. oil in February, paying about $1.5 billion for 60,000 barrels a day up to March 2020.Despite the pressure from U.S. barrels, Nigerian exports to Europe, India and Indonesia have held generally steady so far.Consistent tenders from state buyers in India and Indonesia ensure these remain major destinations for Nigerian oil.But one Asian buyer said Indian tenders were largely finished for the month, and that Nigerian cargoes for April and May would soon need to find buyers in Europe instead."Nigerian is facing stiff competition almost everywhere," a trading source said. "Sooner or later Nigerian oil is going to need to expand into new markets."  (Reporting By Noah Browning; Editing by Edmund Blair)HONG KONG — Foreign insurers including Generali and Prudential Plc are in early talks with authorities to enter China's private pensions sector, people with knowledge of the matter said, as Beijing opens up to overseas companies.Hong Kong-based AIA Group and Manulife Financial are also considering similar moves, they said.Beijing gave approval to the first foreign joint-venture firm to establish a pensions insurance business last month and two of the people said China has been running pilot projects in three provinces involving foreign firms. Those projects end later this year.Foreign insurers would compete with eight established Chinese pension insurance firms that dominate the potentially lucrative market, where the fast-greying population is set to produce 250 million people older than 60 by 2020."The average longevity of people in China is increasing but the pension market remains under-penetrated," Prudential Asia Chief Executive Nic Nicandrou told Reuters.Some of the foreign companies are expected to submit applications in the second half of this year to set up pensions businesses, the people said. They declined to be identified as the plans are not firm yet and also are not public."POISED"Last month, Heng An Standard Life, a joint venture between Standard Life Aberdeen and Tianjin TEDA International, became the first foreign joint-venture entity to receive regulatory approval by China to establish a pensions insurance company.China's pensions assets, including those managed by the state, grew by 20 percent in 2017 to 11 trillion yuan (£1.26 trillion) and are expected to more than quadruple by 2025, consultancy KPMG said in a report this year.Underlining the potential, consultant Willis Towers Watson said China has one of the lowest ratios of private-employee annuity pension assets to GDP among major economies at 1.5 percent. That compares with 120.5 percent of GDP in the United States and more than 130 percent in Australia.Prudential has a 50-50 life-insurance venture with China's CITIC Group. Nicandrou said the venture is "well poised" to participate in the pension market but he did not elaborate on any specific plans.Rob Leonardi, Asia regional officer for Italy's top insurer Generali, said the firm was seeing progress in pensions reform in China."If this trend continues, we can expect more foreign funded companies to express further interest in the coming months," he said. The company declined to give details about its plans for the market.AIA, which operates the only wholly owned foreign life insurance business in China, declined to comment."MATTER OF TIME"Global asset managers have been lobbying Beijing to offer tax benefits and other incentives to encourage investment in mutual funds for retirement.Manulife, which signed a pact with Agricultural Bank of China in 2017 to jointly explore opportunities in China's pension and retirement market, is looking to establish a joint-venture pension management company.It plans to draw upon its life insurance and asset management joint ventures in China to launch retirement solutions and products, said Calvin Chiu, head of Asia retirement at Manulife Asset Management."The government has expressed willingness to open up the financial services sectors in the country, it's just a matter of time and priority. They do recognise the value that foreign players can add in the pension space," he said.China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security did not respond to Reuters requests for comment."All countries are trying to shift pensions away from the iron rice bowl concept," Gerry Grimstone, chairman of Heng An Standard Life said."There have been some attempts at this in China, but, the fact is, there is technology in the west, and an approach to this which the Chinese were keen to bring into their market." (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee and Alun John; Editing by Neil Fullick)(Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc's initial public offering (IPO) filing on Thursday will draw inevitable comparisons to its smaller ride-hailing rival Lyft Inc, which completed its initial public listing last month.Following Lyft's poor stock market performance of late, investors will be scrutinizing Uber's financial results and projections closely.Not only is Uber much larger than Lyft, but it is also more complex, with operations that go beyond its core ride-hailing business and extend into areas such as food delivery and freight transit. The following are four key financial metrics which investors will be watching for: REVENUEUber is a much larger company than Lyft, with operations in markets ranging from the United States to Latin America to North Africa. Lyft operates entirely in North America.Uber also has a broader array of business lines, including a food delivery service and a platform for commercial freight. As a result, Uber clocks much higher revenues than Lyft. Uber reported net revenues of $11.4 billion in 2018. That is in comparison to $2.2 billion for Lyft during the same year. If one considers revenue growth, however, Uber may take a back seat to Lyft. Lyft has been rapidly gaining market share relative to its larger rival, meaning that its revenue growth has been outpacing Uber's. Lyft's revenue more than doubled between 2017 and 2018, from just over $1 billion to more than $2.1 billion. Uber's, meanwhile, grew 43 percent, to $11.4 billion. ADJUSTED EBITDAThis common measure of profitability will look similar to Lyft's in one major respect: both Uber and Lyft are loss-making companies. Uber reported an adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) loss of $1.8 billion in 2018, compared to around $950 million for Lyft. But expect Uber to argue to investors that its scale will give it a significant advantage in terms of profitability over the long run, allowing it to more effectively hold down costs. It will also likely point out that its year-over-year losses are down, from $2.2 billion in 2017. Lyft's ticked up over the same timeframe. CONTRIBUTION MARGINThis lesser-known financial metric will likely play a big role in Uber's pitch to investors. It is designed to show whether Uber's operations in individual markets are profitable on a standalone basis by ignoring company-wide costs like marketing or technology investment. Expect Uber to make a case that positive contribution margins in many of its markets mean that, fundamentally, its business model works. Uber has a different method of calculating contribution margin than Lyft, so the two companies' figures cannot be directly compared, a person familiar with the matter said.MONTHLY ACTIVE USERSUber generates more rides than Lyft in large part due to its wider, global presence. Lyft had 18.6 million monthly active riders as of the fourth quarter of 2018.  (Reporting by Carl O'Donnell in New York, editing by G Crosse)WASHINGTON — Risks to the global financial system have grown over the past six months and could increase with a messy British exit from the European Union or an escalation of U.S.-China trade tensions, the International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday.The IMF, whose spring meetings with the World Bank begin in Washington this week, noted that the global economic expansion is slowing, and an abrupt downturn could have a far-reaching impact. "After years of economic expansion, global growth is slowing, sparking concerns about a deeper downturn," Tobias Adrian, head of the IMF's monetary and capital markets department, said at a briefing to discuss the international lender's Global Financial Stability Report. The IMF warned against rolling back prudential regulations that could help to buffer the financial system in the event of a downturn."There is a risk that positive investor sentiment could deteriorate abruptly, leading to a sharp tightening of financial conditions," the IMF said in its report. "This will have a larger effect on economies with weaker fundamentals, greater financial vulnerabilities, and less policy space to respond to shocks."On Tuesday, the IMF cut its expectations for global growth to its lowest level since 2016, its third downgrade since October. In Wednesday's report, it cautioned a sharper-than-expected slowdown could spur tighter financial conditions.In Wednesday's report, the IMF urged policymakers to clearly communicate any changes to their monetary policy stances to minimize market swings. Noting investor sentiment had improved since the U.S. Federal Reserve paused its rate-hiking cycle, it warned that a strong shift in Fed policy could trigger a sell-off in riskier assets.CORPORATE DEBT CONCERNSThe IMF also echoed concerns raised by U.S. officials over rising corporate debt levels, saying that corporate sector risks appear elevated in about 70 percent of systematically important countries.A rapid tightening of financial conditions could drive a steep economic downturn, as creditworthiness in the corporate debt market has deteriorated. The stock of lower-rated investment-grade bonds has quadrupled since the 2008 financial crisis, and the stock of speculative-grade credits has nearly doubled. "The U.S. corporate credit cycle appears to be at its highest point in recent history," the IMF said, adding that global earnings growth has "likely peaked."The IMF noted that trading in British and European markets has remained orderly as authorities struggle to negotiate an orderly British exit deal.However, it warned that a protracted stalemate threatens to "unsettle financial markets, damage investors’ confidence, (and) adversely affect business investment."Globally, trade-dependent sectors have risen on expectations of a positive outcome for U.S.-China trade talks, the IMF said, but if those talks falter the organisation expects a renewed sell-off.To guard against financial vulnerabilities, the IMF said policymakers should proactively deploy prudential tools, such as the countercyclical capital buffer and bank stress testing. In particular, regulators should develop tools to tackle climbing corporate debt from non-bank intermediaries. "A rollback of regulatory reforms should be avoided," it added. (Reporting by Pete Schroeder; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Paul Simao)STOCKHOLM — Fashion retailer H&M has reintroduced delivery fees for its core brand's loyalty club members on small online orders to cut logistics costs and help restore group profitability. The world's second-biggest clothing retailer, whose core H&M chain accounts for the bulk of group sales, is investing heavily in adapting to rapidly changing consumer habits after seeing profits fall and inventories pile up in recent years.A new version of the customer loyalty scheme separates members into a "base" tier or a "plus" tier depending on how many points they earned in the past year, according to Samuel Holst, head of the fast-growing H&M Club. It means base members in Germany, the Swedish group’s biggest market, will need to spend at least 25 euros ($28) to get free delivery. In its home market, the minimum outlay is 200 Swedish crowns ($22). "We have a lot of logistics around the customers that shop online," Holst told Reuters in an interview at H&M's headquarters. "For the plus level, deliveries will remain free for all purchases, but for the base level there will be a cap, " he said. "You will need to shop for a certain amount to get free delivery. Returns remain free for all. "Holst declined to say how much H&M expects to save from the move. The company has an H&M Club in 16 of the H&M brand's 71 markets. It plans to add seven more markets, including the United States, by the end of the year. The number of members doubled in 2018 to 30 million, helped by the introduction of free deliveries and returns for all members. Another 5 million joined in the first quarter of 2019. "We want to keep up the growth pace we've had so far, and increase it this year," Holst said. Members earn points through reviews and rating purchases, and otherwise interacting with H&M in the app, as well as on purchases, he said. H&M's move to rein in free deliveries for scheme members comes after German online clothing marketplace Zalando recently introduced a minimum order threshold in Italy to increase orders.  (Reporting by Anna Ringstrom; Editing by Mark Potter)Uber gave the first sign of how big its highly anticipated initial public offering might be, telling some investors that its stock sale might value it at up to $100 billion, people briefed on the matter said.The number, which is below a $120 billion valuation that had been floated by investment bankers, highlights the size of the ride-hailing colossus as it prepares to embark on its market debut, the biggest in recent years. Its shares are expected to begin trading on the public markets next month.The revelation follows the I.P.O. last month of Uber’s main North American competitor, Lyft, whose shares have since dropped more than 15 percent from their offering price. Another Silicon Valley darling, the digital pin board Pinterest, this week set pricing expectations for its own market debut below its last private fund-raising round.The moves raise questions about investor appetite for prominent but unprofitable technology companies, with a slew of them — including the messaging company Slack and the home fitness company Peloton — also aiming to list their shares this year.“It’s the Lyft effect,” said Kathleen Smith, a principal at Renaissance Capital who manages an I.P.O. fund. “This is what Uber should try very hard to avoid — it should not have a stock that breaks its I.P.O. price.”Uber’s potential $100 billion valuation was earlier reported by Reuters and The Wall Street Journal.Uber is expected to publish its public offering prospectus on Thursday, giving investors a closer look into its businesses. That document will not provide any information on the offering’s potential price, but the company recently disclosed its latest thinking about its own valuation to some investors.In a notice to holders of some of its convertible bonds last week, Uber said that its stock could be valued at $48 to $55 a share, said the people briefed on the situation, who asked not to be identified because the details were confidential. That would translate into a valuation of about $90 billion to $100 billion for the company, factoring in the roughly $10 billion that it expects to raise.The people briefed on the matter cautioned that the I.P.O. process was continuing and that it was too early to determine what Uber’s valuation would ultimately be. The company’s underwriters, led by Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs, could still raise the price of the shares — and therefore its valuation — in the coming weeks if there is enough interest from prospective shareholders.Even at $90 billion to $100 billion, Uber would be valued well above the $76 billion it was appraised at in its most recent fund-raising in August. Investment bankers last year reckoned the company could fetch a valuation of as much as $120 billion in the public markets.At $90 billion to $100 billion, Uber would be one of the largest American tech companies to go public in recent years. Its debut would be rivaled only by Facebook, which went public at $104 billion in 2012. Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce giant, was the largest initial offering, at $168 billion in 2014. Lyft, by contrast, has a market capitalization of about $17 billion.In recent weeks, brokers who sell shares on behalf of employees and early investors have offered Uber stock to buyers at the $80 billion to $100 billion valuation range, according to two people familiar with them. These sales, on what is known as the secondary market, mean sellers can lock in their returns without waiting for the I.P.O. lockup period to end, while avoiding uncertainty about how the stock will trade. In 2017, some of Uber’s early investors and employees sold portions of their stock to SoftBank as part of the Japanese conglomerate’s $7 billion investment in the company.Although Uber’s debut is hotly anticipated, the company remains unprofitable. The ride-hailing service has released some of its quarterly earnings figures publicly, even though it was not obligated to do so as a private company. In February, Uber said it lost $842 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 on revenue of $3 billion.How the company will get to a point where it makes more money than it loses is likely to be a key question when Dara Khosrowshahi, Uber’s chief executive, meets with investors to sell shares in the coming weeks. Mr. Khosrowshahi has pulled back from some markets where Uber was losing money, such as Southeast Asia. But he is also continuing to spend as the company expands into businesses such as food delivery and long-haul trucking.Mr. Khosrowshahi has previously emphasized the importance of Uber’s business being able to generate cash. He has also said that the company does not need to be making money before going public, but that it must be able to show a path to profits.“You need to demonstrate a very clear road to profitability,” Mr. Khosrowshahi said at the Fortune Brainstorm conference in July.LONDON — An estimated $67.4 billion of art was sold worldwide last year, an increase of 6 percent on 2017, according to an influential report released on Friday. Yet growth in the art market remains within a narrow band, the data showed.The total, cited in the annual Art Basel and UBS report, combined auction and dealer sales and was the second-highest in the last 10 years, behind the $68.2 billion of 2014.But the report noted that while the number of wealthy individuals in the world had risen sharply, they were not spending much more on art.The study quoted data from Credit Suisse estimating that the global population of dollar millionaires increased to 42.2 million last year, from 29.7 million in 2011. That does not seem to have translated into art buying, however. In 2011, global art sales were estimated at $64.6 billion, just a small fraction below what Art Basel and UBS calculated they were in 2018.“The art world seems to have a conversion problem,” said Doug Woodham, managing partner at Art Fiduciary Advisors in New York. “For some time now, spending in the global art market has significantly lagged growth.”The United States was the largest market, with 44 percent of the world’s art transactions by value, totaling $29.9 billion, its highest level in a decade, according to the report. Britain climbed to second place, with 21 percent of sales (“despite Brexit worries,” the report notes). China dropped from second to third, at 19 percent.“While we’ve seen another strong year of aggregate sales, the mood of the market in 2018 was generally less optimistic, as many wider economic and political issues continued to weigh heavily on sentiment,” wrote the report’s author, the art economist Clare McAndrew.The report estimated that in 2018, dealer sales increased 7 percent to an estimated $35.9 billion, or 53 percent of the market. Large-scale gallerists reportedly enjoyed the biggest gains, with sales increasing 17 percent.The Art Basel and UBS report is the only comprehensive overview of a market that Ms. McAndrew characterized as “notoriously opaque.” While data from public auction sales are freely available, dealer transactions remain private and difficult to quantify. The report estimated gallery sales based on an online survey sent to 6,500 dealers worldwide, including more than 500 that participate in Art Basel shows. Over all, 17.5 percent responded. The results indicated that 46 percent of sales by dealers were made at art fairs.Because of the relatively small sample size, some experts have expressed skepticism about the methodology and questioned the reliability of the report’s extrapolated figures.“I find that figure very high,” said Alain Servais, a Belgian collector, referring to the reported sales at art fairs. “It must be based on galleries who do six or seven fairs a year and have specialist teams,” added Mr. Servais, who is a frequent visitor to fairs around the world. He pointed out a recent study by the specialist website Artsy estimating that only 10 to 15 percent of gallery sales took place at fairs.Online sales reached an estimated $6 billion in 2018, up 11 percent year-on-year, according to the Art Basel and UBS report. But that is still less than 10 percent of the market as a whole.Ms. McAndrew, in the conclusion of the Art Basel and UBS report, said that in recent years, buoyancy in the art market had been supported by “a very small fragment of ultrawealthy buyers” whose involvement was at risk of being affected by “exogenous events.” A broader base of buyers lower down the wealth scale had so far been slower to engage in the market, she said.Be it Brexit or other geopolitical volatility, “exogenous events” seemed to be weighing on the minds of both sellers and buyers at this past week’s contemporary art auctions in London. In March 2018, Sotheby’s, Christie’s and Phillips’s evening contemporary sales raised an aggregate total of 344.6 million pounds, or about $478 million. This week, the total was down to £209 million, a decline of about 39 percent. Top quality works were in short supply and bidding was measured.The standout lot of the week — David Hockney’s monumental 1969 double portrait, “Henry Geldzahler and Christopher Scott” — sold at Christie’s on Wednesday, much as estimated, for £37.7 million.“That was a good buy,” said the London dealer Offer Waterman. “It was one of the artist’s three or four greatest pictures.”The price was almost half the $90.3 million achieved for the artist’s 1972 “Portrait of an Artist (Pool with Two Figures)” in New York in November.On Thursday, Phillips re-offered the 1963 Gerhard Richter painting, “Jet Fighter,” which it owned after a Chinese guarantor had defaulted on its $24 million sale in 2016. This time round, it raised £15.5 million, or about $20.4 million.“The top end of many markets are probably off about 20 percent,” said Josh Baer, founder of the Baer Faxt, an art trade newsletter.The Art Basel and UBS report showed the overall art market growth has been stagnating. If the results in London this week are anything to go by, it might be even be dipping.LONDON — The use of machine-learning has picked up across the financial services industry, although problems such as data quality continue to dog its progress, a study by Refinitiv has found. In a report, Refinitiv, the financial data provider, said more than 90 percent of the organizations it surveyed had either deployed machine-learning in multiple areas of the organization or have made a start in some pockets.Machine-learning refers to the use of algorithms and statistical models in financial markets without using human directions and instead relies on patterns to make choices.While the initial driver of such technologies was the automation of repetitive tasks, the survey found that the top applications were in the areas of risk avoidance, generating trading and investment ideas and analyzing performance.Conducted via 447 telephone interviews of senior executives and data-science practitioners across various financial services firms, the survey also found the quality of data as the primary barrier to machine-learning adoption.Machine-learning has long been the mainstay of deep-pocketed hedge funds, which have combined complex algorithmic strategies with financial data to make big bets on markets. But with the growing use of cloud computing and the constant pressure on banks to reduce costs, machine-learning techniques have seen a greater acceptance among banks."Thanks to parallel computing and cloud computing, we are seeing the playing field being slowly leveled in terms of machine-learning strategies," said Tim Baker, global head of applied innovation at Refinitiv.The survey also found foreign exchange ranked a distant fourth in terms of structured data by asset class with stocks, fixed income and derivatives the top three. Foreign exchange markets with a myriad trading platforms and opaque over-the-counter trading format was a particular problem area for data scientists when it came to applying machine-learning strategies."Standing in the way of machine-learning adoption in the FX market is a potent combination of data science, engineering and technology management problems," said Matthew Hodgson, CEO and founder of Mosaic Smart Data, a data analytics company.  (Reporting by Saikat Chatterjee; Editing by David Evans)WASHINGTON — U.S. job openings dropped to an 11-month low in February and hiring decreased, which could partially explain a sharp slowdown in job growth during that month.Still, the labor market remains a pillar of support for the economy amid signs that activity was easing because of the fading boost from a $1.5 trillion tax cut package and the effects of interest rate increases over the last few years. The economy is also facing headwinds from slowing global growth and the United States' trade war with China."The February job openings data reinforced that the labor market weakened in February but there isn't any cause for concern," said Ryan Sweet, a senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania. Job openings, a measure of labor demand, tumbled by 538,000 to a seasonally adjusted 7.1 million, the Labor Department said in its monthly Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey, or JOLTS, report on Tuesday. The drop was the biggest since August 2015. The level was the lowest since March 2018.Vacancies in the accommodation and food services industry fell by 103,000 jobs in February. There were 72,000 fewer job openings in the real estate and rental and leasing sector. Job openings in the transportation, warehousing and utilities sector dropped by 66,000.Nonfarm payrolls increased by only 33,000 jobs in February, the fewest since September 2017. The near-stall in job gains was partially blamed on colder weather and also viewed as payback after robust increases in December and January. Job growth picked up in March, with the economy creating 196,000 positions, the government reported last Friday.WORKERS STILL SCARCEThe drop in job openings in February likely does not change the theme of labor shortages in the economy. A survey of small businesses published on Tuesday found that just over a fifth of owners reported difficulties finding qualified workers as their "single most important business problem" in March.According to the survey from the NFIB, 39 percent of small business owners reported job openings they could not fill in March. Thirty-three percent said they had openings for skilled workers and 14 percent have vacancies for unskilled labor.Economists expect monthly job growth to average roughly 150,000 this year, stepping down from 223,000 in 2018. "There are still millions of help wanted signs out there in the country so we hesitate to revise our outlook for the labor market overall," said Chris Rupkey, chief economist at MUFG in New York. The dive in job openings in February pushed down the vacancies rate to 4.5 percent from 4.8 percent in January. Hiring fell to 5.7 million in February from 5.8 million in the prior month. The decrease in hiring was led by the construction sector, where hiring fell by 73,000. Hiring in the nondurable goods manufacturing industry dropped by 33,000 in February. Hiring by state and local government education departments fell 22,000.The number of workers voluntarily quitting their jobs was little changed at 3.5 million in February, keeping the quits rate at 2.3 percent for a ninth straight month. The quits rate is viewed by policymakers and economists as a measure of job market confidence. The worker reluctance to switch jobs is despite the tight labor market conditions that are steadily driving up wages."This is not as many quits as you would expect in such a tight labor market, when workers are in higher demand," said Nick Bunker, an economist at Indeed Hiring Lab. "Though perhaps this isn't surprising in the short term given that the ratio of unemployed workers to job openings has been rising."Layoffs increased in February, lifting the layoffs rate to 1.2 percent from 1.1 percent in January. There were increases in layoffs in the professional and businesses services, and healthcare and social assistance sectors in February.  (Reporting By Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Andrea Ricci)Each week, our survey of recent residential sales in New York City and the surrounding region focuses on homes that sold around a certain price point, allowing you to compare single-family homes, condos and co-ops in different locales.The “list price” is the asking price when the property came on the market with the most recent broker. The time on the market is measured from the most recent listing to the closing date of the sale.Connecticut | 5 bedrooms, 4½ baths$1,400,000212 Whitfield Street, GuilfordThis 13-year-old, 5,031-square-foot, colonial-style house has a kitchen with a gas fireplace, a formal dining room, and a family room that opens to a screened-in porch, on 3.7 acres with a pond.39 weeks on the market$1,750,000 list price20% below list priceCosts $21,531 a year in taxesListing broker William Pitt Sotheby’s International RealtyManhattan | 1 bedroom, 1½ baths$1,440,000160 West 66th Street, No. 28F, Lincoln SquareA 923-square-foot, postwar condo with herringbone-patterned floors, a combined living and dining room, a galley kitchen, and a washer and dryer, in a doorman building with a pool.14 weeks on the market$1,500,000 list price4% below list priceCosts $1,112 a month in common charges; $1,082 a month in taxesListing broker Douglas Elliman Real EstateLong Island | 4 bedrooms; 2 full- and 2 half-baths$1,275,0008 Brookbridge Road, Great NeckThis 82-year-old, 2,003-square-foot house has a living room with a fireplace, a kitchen with granite counters, a finished basement and an attached one-car garage, on 0.17 acres19 weeks on the market$1,386,000 list price8% below list priceCosts $14,397 a year in taxesListing broker Coldwell Banker Residential BrokerageNew Jersey | 6 bedrooms, 5 baths$1,325,000243 Southern Boulevard, ChathamA 13-year-old, 3,611-square-foot house with a living room that has French doors and a fireplace, and a family room and a master suite with fireplaces, on 0.46 acres.17 weeks on the market$1,395,000 list price5% below list priceCosts $24,693 a year in taxesListing broker Weichert, RealtorsWestchester | 4 bedrooms, 4½ baths$1,400,0008 Holly Hill Lane, KatonahA 17-year-old, 4,652-square-foot Arts and Crafts-style house with a kitchen that has a vaulted ceiling, a family room with built-in bookshelves, and a bluestone patio, on 5.2 acres.25 weeks on the market$1,695,000 list price17% below list priceCosts $35,365 a year in taxesListing broker Houlihan LawrenceBrooklyn | 1 bedroom, 2 baths$1,280,00034 North Seventh Street, No. 6I, WilliamsburgThis 917-square-foot, postwar condo that has an open kitchen with a breakfast bar, a home office, two closets and a washer and dryer, in a doorman building with a basketball court.17 weeks on the market$1,299,000 list price2% below list priceCosts $896 a month in common charges; $4 a month in abated taxesListing broker HalsteadFor weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here. Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.HONG KONG — Marriott International Inc, the world's biggest hotel company with luxury brands such as St. Regis and Ritz-Carlton, says it is committed to all of its brands which give it the breadth to take advantage of fast-growing markets like China.The company was criticized recently by activist investor Jonathan Litt who, according to media reports, has urged Marriott to consider culling its 30 brands to better align itself with competitors such as Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.Marriott's Global Chief Commercial Officer Stephanie Linnartz, however, said the group aimed to keep expanding across all sectors of the market, especially in Asia."We're focused on growing multiple tiers (in Asia Pacific), not just luxury... we're also excited about growing our Courtyard brand in China," Linnartz told Reuters on Thursday. Mid-scale brands like Courtyard are Marriott's fastest-growing segment in Asia Pacific, the company said.Linnartz was speaking to Reuters during a visit to Hong Kong, where the group opened its first St Regis in the city on Wednesday.Last month Marriott announced plans to open more than 1,700 hotels globally as part of its three-year growth strategy. It has more than 300 hotels in China in the pipeline for the next three to five years and plans to have all 30 of its brands operating in the Asia Pacific region eventually, up from 23 at present.The number of brands was one of the group's greatest strengths, Linnartz said."Because you have so much breadth and choice. We see in our data that, last year, half of the people who stayed in W globally, also stayed in Courtyard, why? Because people will stay in one brand for business trip, and they want to go on their romantic vacation with their spouse."The St Regis in Hong Kong is Marriott's 7,000th property globally. The company also plans to bring the JW Marriott Marquis brand to China later this year, and the Tribute Portfolio brand into India. "We need to be careful to bring what brand into what market, not just the country, but the city. You have to really think about the right consumer demand - is that a luxury market or not?" Linnartz said.(This story has been refilled to add dropped name in paragraph 6)  (Reporting by Clare Jim; Editing by Susan Fenton)The latest generation of Silicon Valley start-ups is now sprinting to the public markets, raising hopes among large and small investors eager to invest in these high-profile, fast-growing firms. But the class of 2019 is far different from its predecessors. These companies, including gig economy darlings like Uber and Lyft, are generally older and larger, powered for years by billions of dollars of private money that has reshaped the start-up world.The additional maturity of the companies may curb wild swings — both big gains and big losses — for new investors. But it could also mean that the companies’ fastest phases of growth are behind them. As a result, there is an increased risk that in this wave of tech I.P.O.s, an elite group of investors, like sovereign wealth funds and venture capitalists, will grab a larger share of the winnings compared with new investors.“Individual investors are going to get in too late,” said Jason DeSena Trennert, managing partner at Strategas Research Partners, a markets and economic analysis firm. “They’re going to be the last investors in, and that’s the concern.”[Lyft’s shares soared on Friday when it began trading on public markets.]The change reflects a large-scale shift in the way that American entrepreneurs raise money to build their companies. Instead of quickly turning to the public markets and the scrutiny that comes with that, as Amazon and Google did, they are building huge businesses over the course of many years on the back of private money, and with fewer demands for financial disclosures.Uber, the giant ride-hailing company, has raised more than $20 billion over the last decade. Lyft, its smaller rival, which priced its I.P.O. late Thursday at $72 a share and is expected to start trading on the Nasdaq Friday, raised $4.9 billion over seven years.Many start-ups in earlier waves — back to the dot-com boom of the late 1990s, when Amazon was listed on the Nasdaq — went public just a few years after their founding. Some, like Pets.com, had tiny amounts of revenue, and now exist only in Silicon Valley lore. A combination of policy changes and vast new riches in the tech industry has been changing the equation for start-ups for more than a decade. Mutual funds and hedge funds — the typical investors in a start-up’s I.P.O. — began buying stakes in large private companies as a way to build up larger stakes before the new businesses went public. Other big investors joined in, including large sovereign wealth funds and the outsize SoftBank Vision Fund, creating an even hotter market. Venture capital investments into United States-based companies grew to $99.5 billion in 2018, the highest level since 2000, according to CB Insights, a company that tracks start-ups.Those investments have driven valuations of start-ups to unusual heights. There are now at least 333 so-called unicorns, companies valued at $1 billion or more, according to CB Insights. In 2014 there were around 80.Lyft has a private valuation of more than $11 billion. So does Pinterest, another company in the process of going public. That is roughly the market value that public investors put on the retailer Kohl’s and the online trading firm E-Trade Financial. Uber, the largest of the private companies expected to head for the stock market this year, has a private-market valuation of more than $70 billion. In public markets, that’s roughly the same size as corporate giants such as Goldman Sachs and CVS Health. Matt Murphy, a partner at Menlo Ventures, a leading venture capital firm, said the higher valuations and larger investments correlate with bigger opportunities created by smartphones and cloud computing. “The magnitude of the audiences that can be reached and the monetization per user has grown,” he said. “Their growth potential is much higher than was previously anticipated.”Some industry groups and investors who urge fewer regulations say the emphasis on the private markets is an outgrowth of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the federal law passed in 2002 that tightened accounting rules for public companies after the accounting scandals of the early 2000s. Besides raising disclosure requirements and other changes, the law required top executives to attest to the accuracy of corporate financial statements. Some say those higher costs to guarantee compliance can dissuade smaller companies from going public. Private companies, by comparison, can operate with far less disclosure. They are under no obligation to file quarterly earnings updates or audited annual financial statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Nor are they required to broadly distribute updates on business developments to the public. Others say the decline in public offerings began before Sarbanes-Oxley passed. They attribute the change to a wave of federal deregulation, which made it easier to raise money and sell companies privately. Lighter antitrust enforcement set off a boom in mergers and acquisitions, allowing smaller firms to sell to bigger companies instead of going public. At the same time, new laws made it easier for private companies to sell securities to qualified investors around the country, bolstering funding from private equity and venture capital.Whatever the driver, the net result has been a clear downturn in the number of public companies in the United States. The number of listed companies has declined by 52 percent since 1997, to a bit more than 3,600 in 2016, according to a working paper from the National Bureau of Economic Research published last year. This long-term shrinkage in publicly available shares is a reason that some analysts expect Uber, Lyft and other prominent start-ups to receive a warm response from the institutional investors who typically buy freshly issued shares, even if the potential upside could be smaller. “There’s an element, I think, of pent-up demand here,” said David Ethridge, who advises on public offerings at the consulting firm PwC. “I think people will have a feeling of, I don’t really want to miss out.”Investors have some reason to be skeptical of paying top dollar for newly minted public companies, however. Over the last two years, the value of companies that completed public offerings actually fell by an average of 8 percent, according to a recent research report from Goldman Sachs analysts. Over the same period, the S&P 500 stock index was up about 12 percent. There has been a divergence on Wall Street. As stocks have approached new highs, expectations for company profits have darkened considerably. Now, with corporate America starting to report first-quarter earnings, stock investors will find out if they ought to restrain their enthusiasm. During the first three months of the year, Wall Street analysts slashed their forecasts for S&P 500 companies’ first-quarter earnings by 7.2 percent, according to the data provider FactSet. The forecasts typically fall as the quarter progresses and analysts get a better sense of how the businesses are performing. But the decline during the first quarter was more than double the typical drop, and the largest cut to earnings estimates during a quarter since the start of 2016.The analysts tracked by FactSet now expect companies in the S&P 500 as a whole to report that profits fell 4.2 percent from a year earlier. It’s a reflection of the slowing global economy, rising costs related to tariffs and wages, and the fact that tax cuts last year, which lifted growth substantially, are now baked in.The souring sentiment around corporate profits has been fairly broad. Seven of the S&P 500’s 11 sectors are forecast to report lower earnings.Corporate profits are typically among the most reliable guides to the future direction of the stock market. And yet American stocks are off to their best start in two decades. The S&P 500 is up about 15 percent this year..“The market has perhaps gotten a bit ahead of itself,” said Kurt Spieler, the chief investment officer at First National Bank of Omaha’s wealth management business. “You need earnings growth to resume. If it doesn’t, there’s a risk of a correction.”So why are stocks rallying as earnings expectations tumble? In part, this is simply a reversal of what sent the S&P 500 tumbling about 9 percent in December: hand-wringing about trade, interest rates and slowing global growth.Since then, the Federal Reserve has put further rate increases on hold, and the United States and China have inched closer to a trade deal. It could be that markets will return to the dynamic that drove stocks higher for most of the decade since the financial crisis: lackluster profit growth that is just good enough to keep stocks grinding higher in a low-rate, low-growth environment.But investors are about to hear from executives and take in company forecasts about the future, and those can push stocks higher or lower. “What will matter is what C.E.O.s say on the conference calls,” said J.J. Kinahan, the chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. “How do they see tariffs affecting their business? And what are the implications if negotiations drag on.”DUBAI/LONDON — Saudi Aramco's debut $12 billion bonds booked at best modest gains on Wednesday, their first trading day after some $100 billion in orders, suggesting part of the record-breaking demand was inflated, three banking and investment sources said.Aramco chose to only issue $12 billion of debt, as its focus was to obtain favorable pricing to set a benchmark for its future financing activities.With almost $90 billion in demand left on the table, traders and fund managers expected the bonds to shoot up in value on Wednesday, but their performance was tepid."The price was a bit inflated as there was a lot of excitement and even hubris around this issue and I would imagine that some of the buyers may have flipped it in the market today," said a London-based fund manager who looked at the deal but decided not to invest in it.One trader and a senior banker said that, after realizing the deal would have been oversubscribed, investors boosted their orders to increase their chances to get a piece of the issuance.Aramco's longest-dated tranche, a $3 billion bond due in 2049, gained value in the secondary market, adding more than one cent on the dollar.But some of the shorter-dated bonds were flat or even lower than where they priced on Tuesday, and lower than in pre-sale grey market trading.The tranche with the shortest duration, a $1 billion bond due in 2022, was trading below the reoffer value at which it was sold on Tuesday, the trader said.Speaking on condition of anonymity, he estimated that demand for Aramco's bonds was inflated by 20-30 percent due to the expected oversubscription."We are seeing the truth of how much (of the demand) was fluff," added a fund manager who participated in the deal.EXPENSIVE BUT FAIR?Still, Aramco's issue was widely regarded as successful."Despite the usual padding, (demand) has definitely outstripped previous highs for emerging market borrowers," said Angad Rajpal, head of fixed income at Emirates NBD Asset Management.The 2046 and 2047 Saudi dollar bonds were down almost one cent - their biggest daily decline since early March, according to Tradeweb - suggesting some players switched their exposure from the sovereign to Aramco. Aramco's staggering finances - with core earnings of $224 billion last year and $86 billion in free cash flow at the end of 2018 - allowed it to target a combination of emerging markets and high-grade investors.It started marketing the notes at levels very close to the yields offered by the Saudi government, which owns the company, but ended up offering around 20 basis points less. Some investors expect yields to gradually widen to match the sovereign rate."Aramco priced (the bonds) relatively expensive versus Saudi but quite attractive versus other major developed-market oil companies, and the potential to see 15-20 basis points spread tightening was too small at these levels," said Sergey Dergachev, functional head of EM corporate debt at Union Investment."The price action has been fair."JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, HSBC, Citi, Goldman Sachs and National Commercial Bank were the bonds' bookrunners.A group of 11 more banks including Bank of China, Deutsche Bank and Gulf International Bank worked on the deal as co-managers, a document issued by one of the banks leading the deal showed.Bank fees for the bonds are unlikely to have topped around 1 basis point per bookrunner, said the sources. That would mean just over $1 million per bank."Fees should be minimal for such a giant bond amount and such a famous issuer," said Lam Nguyen at Freeman Consulting. "I would estimate fees around 0.03 percent - 0.06 percent." The sources said the banks' main interest in getting a role in the deal was to cement their relationship with Aramco ahead of future transactions.Its initial public offering (IPO), due in 2021, is expected to generate $100 billion and to boost the Saudi Public Investment Fund - the main vehicle for Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman's plan to diversify the economy away from oil.  (Reporting by Davide Barbuscia, Clara Denina, Tom Arnold, Karin Strohecker; Editing by Sinead Cruise and John Stonestreet)As an actress, Gwyneth Paltrow was embraced by fans and critics, winning an Oscar for her leading role in “Shakespeare in Love.” As a businesswoman, Ms. Paltrow has received decidedly mixed reviews.Many deride her lifestyle brand, Goop, as little more than an overhyped e-commerce platform peddling pseudoscience and baubles. California regulators secured a $145,000 settlement from Goop last year after suing the company for false advertising, including claims that a $66 vaginal jade egg could balance hormones, increase bladder control and regulate menstrual cycles. Ms. Paltrow is unbowed. Goop is now worth some $250 million, revenues are growing and Ms. Paltrow is looking to Disney for inspiration, visualizing a company that makes money through online retail, offline experiences, ad partnerships and more.Ms. Paltrow grew up around show business. Her father was the producer Bruce Paltrow, who died in 2002, and her mother is the actress Blythe Danner. This pedigree makes it all the harder for some people to accept that she is now a chief executive fully engaged in running her own business. Sometimes, she told me, people ask, “Who’s the silent male person who’s helping her?”There is no secret man running Goop. Instead, Ms. Paltrow herself is fluent in the intricacies of her business, speaking in detail about the tech stacks, contextual commerce strategies and email service providers that power Goop.And still, G.P. — as she is known to friends — remains every bit the celebrity. On the day we met, she started the day on “Good Morning America” promoting a new cookbook, and ended it singing karaoke on “The Tonight Show” with Jimmy Fallon.When our interview was over, she exited the building into a crush of paparazzi, before being whisked into a waiting black S.U.V. This interview, which was condensed and edited for clarity, was conducted in New York City.What was it like growing up around show business?I would see my mother on stage as a little girl, and she looked like a superhero. She looked like she was channeling the forces of the universe. And I just wanted to do that. So I followed in her footsteps. Acting is a very entrepreneurial career. You have to sort of connect to that level of self belief that entrepreneurs have to have. This abject, sometimes naïve, occasionally stupid amount of self belief.How did your mom feel about you wanting to follow in her footsteps?She always said, “Oh, please don’t be an actress.” She was pleading with me to leverage my intellectual self more than my artistic self, and I think she was just trying to protect me from a lot of rejection. It can be a heartbreaking career.So what was it like trying to get started as an actor?My first purview of management was on set, because — and I think other female actors would agree with me — part of your role is just to sort of maintain culture.What do you mean?We’re female. So we are kind of channeling the energy for the set and correcting imbalances. If there was ever any discord, especially between men, I felt it was my job to sort of balance the energy a little bit. Also, as in most industries, it’s predominantly male. Sometimes you would be the girl in a male cast, and could bring femininity and temper some of the male stuff.Does that hold true in business as well? Is it the same at Goop?Oh, completely. I think it’s both intentional and not intentional. The provenance of the company is such that when I went to go monetize it, the people who were drawn to it were not Silicon Valley males. So the great talent that I attracted was female.O.K. Is there any analogy between either the producer role and the C.E.O. role?My dad was a benevolent, tough Jewish boss. He was very loved for the most part, and he gave me a template for how one leads, consciously or unconsciously.So what’s the balance that you try to strike as the leader of the company?With every iteration of the company, I have to start completely at square one again.How so?When you’re in the family stage and your company has just nine people or whatever, it’s much different than trying to manage and maintain a culture of 250 people. I have no experience at this. It’s almost like I have to unlearn things, relearn things, start over.“When a start-up starts, it’s full of feminine energy.” — Gwyneth Paltrow What have you had to unlearn?When a start-up starts, it’s full of feminine energy, even if it’s an all male start-up. Right? Because it’s collaborative, it’s emotional, it’s passionate, it’s instinctual. Those are all feminine qualities. And then as it scales, you have to put some rules in place. And so that’s where the masculine comes in. And you have compliance and H.R. and all these things that are putting structure to the business, which is super important. So unlearning some of the old kind of feminine ways, trying to apply the right kind of masculinity, and seeing if it’s possible to really still lead from that feminine place, is what I think about.What is Goop all about?We want to always be moving culture forward with what we do in the content and in the offerings and also create conversations and forums to help eliminate shame. I think a lot of women experience a lot of shame in their lives. The more we talk about things that are sometimes uncomfortable, that are sometimes unknown, it might resonate with somebody. And then we might help them shed a little bit of that feeling.Is Goop just a brand for women?It is right now. But I don’t want to eliminate men. And more and more, to tell you the truth, men tell me, “We really need that same kind of content, and we want the same kinds of products.”How is your thinking about what product and service you recommend evolving? There have been some well-known flops.When we talk about something that is incendiary, I always see in six months other people starting to write about it, and 18 months later, businesses popping up around it. It’s always confirmation to me that we’re on the right track. I mean, when I did my gluten-free cookbook in 2015, the press was super negative and there were personal attacks about what I was feeding my children and what kind of mother I am. Now the gluten-free market is huge.Or conscious uncoupling. People were like, “This is insane, you’re crazy.” And now it’s sort of talked about as a thing that people think might be possible for them. And I’m always fascinated by why talk about female sexuality or female genitalia makes people so angry. The idea that a woman might have autonomy around her own sexual health or her own feelings, why is that threatening?But some of the things on your site stray into the realm of pseudoscience that may be not only unproven, but potentially dangerous.When we were young and not even monetizing the business and just sort of creating content, we didn’t necessarily understand anything about claims. We just thought, “Oh, this is a cool alternative modality, let’s write about it.” Of course we’ve made some mistakes along the way, but we’ve never been prescriptive. We’ve never said, “You should try this,” or “This works.” We’re just saying, “Wow, this is interesting, let’s have a Q. and A. with this person who practices this.” And then that somehow gets translated into, “Gwyneth says you should do this.”Do you see yourself as an actor who developed a career as a lifestyle entrepreneur, or a lifestyle entrepreneur who happened to have a career as an actor?I was masquerading as an actor.You must get requests for all sorts of things all the time. How do you say no?I am still very much in the “yes” phase of my life, probably to my detriment sometimes. But having the platform that I do puts me in this position to be able to share whatever lessons I’ve learned over time. I think I have some maturing to do before I get to the “no” phase.How have you learned to become a C.E.O.?Predominantly by making mistakes and talking to mentors. You can’t know what you don’t know, and I certainly was never in a position to understand, like, 99 percent of the things that I had to learn from an operations standpoint. So I made mistakes left, right and center.Can you give an example?Our whole e-commerce technology has been so problematic from the beginning because I had no idea about technology whatsoever. Our original tech stack was this Frankenstein.Some people have accused Goop of being an elitist brand, but you’ve pushed back. Can you explain your thinking here?A lot of people hear, “Hey, you could eat a bit better or exercise a bit more.” But they don’t want to take responsibility for themselves. So it’s easier to be critical of an entity or a person who is suggesting that, than it is to start making small, perhaps uncomfortable shifts in their lives.The true tenets of wellness are all free. Being in nature, meditating, eating whole foods. If you told our grandparents that eating whole, natural foods was elitist, they would have thought you were crazy. Have you ever gone on a meditation retreat?I have. I went on a silent meditation retreat at a monastery in the Catskills a long time ago. There was chanting in the morning with all the monks, which was heaven. And a matcha tea ceremony at the end, which was the best part.How was the experience for you?I found the prison of internalization really hard. It was more than just the silence. I had a lot of stuff resurfacing.Stuff comes up.It was nuts.So what’s the next big thing? What’s the next gluten free or conscious uncoupling?I think how psychedelics affect health and mental health and addiction will come more into the mainstream.Have you used psychedelics?I’ve never done it. I’m terrified. Did you?When I was younger, yes. It led me to meditation.I mean there’s undeniably some link between being in that state and being connected to some other universal cosmic something.It changes your mind. It changes the way you think.Yeah, and how do we do that as a culture? How do we evolve? What is the next iteration of the culture as it pertains to the way we think about things, the degree of openness to which we think about things and process things?What about ibogaine, that shrub from Gabon?I don’t know about this. Is this the next big thing?I don’t know. Don’t take my word for it.Well, I’m going to read about it on Goop.Yeah, you sure are.LONDON — In the political realm, no one knows how Brexit’s long-running theater of the absurd will end. But for much of the business world, Britain’s departure from the European Union has effectively happened.Nearly three years of uncertainty since the June 2016 referendum has forced companies to plan for the worst — the prospect that Britain could crash out of the bloc without a deal governing future relations. The twisting road to Brexit has already slowed economic growth, discouraged investment and damaged the reputation of the nation as a haven for commerce.Global banks and other financial services companies are steadily shifting thousands of jobs and more than $1 trillion in assets to European cities to ensure that they are able to serve customers across the English Channel regardless of the rules that national regulators impose after Brexit.Japanese automakers have scrapped plans to expand in Britain, in part because Brexit undermines the country’s virtues as a hub for European trade.Whatever comes next — a deal with Europe, an unruly exit or another vote that could cancel the proceedings, making Brexit the mother of all mulligans — the jobs and the money are unlikely to return. The deadlock only deepened on Monday, as Britain’s Parliament failed to reach consensus on the latest Brexit proposals.“Multinational companies came here with a clear understanding that Britain would offer a stable place to do business in exchange for access to the European Union,” said Peter Dixon, a global financial economist at Commerzbank AG in London. “The Brits have reneged on that contract. It’s destroyed, if you like, the sense that Britain is such a great place to do business. It’s a credibility hit. It’s a deep wound.”Since the 1980s, Japanese automakers have invested in factories in Britain to exploit the country’s duty-free access to Europe. Before the 2016 vote, Nissan warned that leaving the European Union could force the company to reassess its plans for its plant in Sunderland, in the north of England.Months after the vote, Prime Minister Theresa May offered Nissan a mysterious cocktail of promises that won  Nissan’s confidence. But in February, the company said it would not build a new sport utility vehicle in Sunderland. At about the same time, Honda said it was closing a factory in southwest England, in the town of Swindon, eliminating 3,500 jobs.Honda’s decision was motivated partly by a trade agreement that Japan struck last year with the European Union. The deal eliminates the need for a factory in Britain, because Honda can now ship cars made in Japan directly into Europe without incurring duties.If Britain leaves the European market, it will lose the benefits of the bloc’s trade deals. In short, just as Japan and Europe are liberalizing trade with each other, Britain is moving to impede trade with both.“The big worry is investment,” said Mike Hawes, chief executive of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders, an industry trade group. “Investors are just waiting to see, is it worth continuing to commit to the U.K. automotive industry?”The British economy is now 1 to 2.5 percent smaller than it would have been without the Brexit vote, economists estimate. Much of the damage has come via the drop in the British pound, which has shed more than 10 percent of its value against the dollar since the referendum.The fall in the pound amounts to the market’s expression that trade has been obstructed. Britain sells nearly half of its exports within the European Union.Given that Britain imports more than it exports, the falling currency has pushed up prices on a broad range of goods, from fruits and vegetables to machinery. Inflation was the primary factor in median household income’s remaining flat last year, according to an analysis by the Institute for Fiscal Studies, an independent research firm in London.Across Britain, business investment is expected to decline by 1 percent this year, in what would be the weakest performance since the global financial crisis a decade ago, according to a recent forecast from the British Chambers of Commerce.The impact will probably fall heavily on areas that need investment the most: manufacturing-dependent communities in the north of England and Wales, where jobs and living standards have declined. Such areas mostly voted to leave Europe, as people blamed globalization and immigration for diminishing opportunities. Now, they stand to suffer even leaner times.“There needs to be a cadre of new businesses being developed in the north of England that operate in high value-added sectors like technology,” said Robert Huggins, a professor of economic geography at Cardiff University in Wales. “But with Brexit and the potential difficulties, these businesses are going to be stifled. They are not going to be able to develop their potential. It’s unbelievable.”If Brexit has produced anything, it is familiarity with events once deemed unbelievable.The European Medicines Agency, the bloc’s regulator for pharmaceuticals, recently abandoned its London headquarters for new offices in Amsterdam, a move prompted entirely by Brexit. Investment in the industry is almost sure to follow.For more than three decades, London has attracted global banks, trading operations, hedge funds, asset managers and sovereign wealth funds from the Middle East and Asia. The city grew into a global center of finance second to none, while the industry has employed more than a million people in Britain.Brexit has put that status in jeopardy by forcing companies that serve European clients from London to move jobs and trading activity to cities like Amsterdam, Dublin and Frankfurt.More than 275 companies are in the process of moving or have already shifted business divisions, employees and legal entities from Britain to the Continent, according to a recent report from New Financial, an independent research institution in London.Banks alone are transferring 800 billion pounds (more than $1 trillion), while asset management and insurance companies are collectively moving £100 billion (about $130 billion). Some 5,000 jobs have left because of Brexit, and the trend is expected to expand as trading volumes shift and local regulators demand people on the ground who can be held accountable when trouble inevitably emerges.Britain’s departure from the European market would end the so-called passporting rights that have allowed financial services companies to conduct transactions across the bloc as if it were one sprawling country. Financiers recognized early that they could not merely wait and hope that the politicians would find a way to protect their industry.By the end of 2017, the industry was warning the British government that, unless a deal was completed soon, many companies would proceed with plans to move parts of their operations to the Continent. By the middle of last year, with no deal in sight, those plans became reality.Given the money and complexities involved in these moves, few expect jobs to return, regardless of how Brexit ends. Bank of America has spent nearly $400 million to prepare for Brexit, most of it on creating a hub in Dublin.London will remain a dominant center of finance. But as banking and trading shift marginally toward the Continent, so will legal and accounting services.The mere act of preparing for Brexit has forced companies to reassess the merits of concentrating so much business in Britain. Banks that have moved accountants to the English city of Birmingham to escape exorbitantly priced London offices may be tempted by greater savings through hiring professionals in Poland.“Once you start looking at your business model in Europe, you can never unsee what you’ve seen,” said William Wright, founder and managing director of New Financial. “Does it really make sense to have 95 percent of your European staff in the center of some of the most expensive real estate on earth?”Even if the politicians strike a deal for a smooth divorce, or shock the world by calling the whole thing off, the harm done to Britain’s aura as a haven for sensible governance is likely to endure.“The whole Brexit process, from the referendum itself to the way in which the government has responded since, has very significantly damaged the reputation of the U.K. as a pragmatic and sensible place to do business,” Mr. Wright said. “That’s gone. It could take a very long time to come back.”(Reuters) - KPMG is planning an overhaul of its British business to create an independent audit firm, regardless of any decision by the competition regulator to force a break-up of the Big Four accounting firms, The Times reported on Monday. KPMG's audit practice has 200 partners and about 5,000 staff, who could move to a standalone entity or to a subsidiary of KPMG if the plans go ahead, the newspaper said. KPMG was not immediately available for a comment. Parliament's business committee last week urged the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) to force EY, KPMG, Deloitte and PwC to separate audit and consultancy services to improve standards and transparency in book-keeping after audit failures at construction company Carillion and retailer BHS.EY, KPMG, Deloitte and PwC have sought to head off being split up by voluntarily agreeing not to offer consultancy services to audit clients.The government is expected to propose legislation to implement the audit shake-up once the CMA has published its final recommendations on the subject in coming weeks. (Reporting by Rama Venkat in Bengaluru; Editing by Sonya Hepinstall)___Southwest doesn't plan to use Boeing Max jets until AugustDALLAS (AP) — Southwest is removing flights with the troubled Boeing 737 Max aircraft from its schedule through Aug. 5, a period that includes the peak of the airline's busy summer travel season. A travel analyst says that the grounding of the Max could mean slightly higher fares, although airlines that don't own the troubled jet could counter with discounts. Regulators around the world grounded the plane in March after two deadly international crashes.___Chevron vaults into new league on $33B Anadarko acquisitionChevron is buying Anadarko Petroleum for $33 billion, energizing its oil and gas drilling capabilities in Texas and the Gulf of Mexico while vaulting itself into a new league. The combined company will remain far behind Exxon Mobil Corp. and Royal Dutch Shell Plc. in market capitalization, but Chevron will jump from being the world's fourth biggest energy producer, to second. The cash-and-stock deal announced Friday comes as U.S. crude prices have shot up 40% this year.___As cashless stores grow, so does the backlashNEW YORK (AP) — A small number of restaurants and stores are going cash-free, catering to customers who increasingly pay with a card or smartphone. But a backlash is growing from activists and liberal policymakers who say the practice discriminates against those who don't have bank accounts or rely on cash for most transactions. Earlier this year, Philadelphia became the first city to ban cashless stores. New Jersey passed a statewide ban soon after, and a similar ban has been proposed for New York City.___Leading finance officials acknowledge global slowdownWASHINGTON (AP) — Finance officials from the world's major powers are acknowledging that the global economy is in a slowdown. But they forecast that growth will pick up by the second half of this year, thanks to interest-rate policies from the Federal Reserve and other central banks. Officials of the Group of 20 major economies say growth slowed at the end of last year and the beginning of this year due to factors such as turbulent financial markets and heightened tension over trade and interest rates.___Trump says America must win race to build 5GWASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says the race to build 5G is one America must win. Trump said Friday at the White House that building high-speed networks across the United States will transform the way Americans work, learn, communicate and travel. 5G will mean faster wireless speeds and has implications for technologies like self-driving cars and augmented reality. The rollout started last week in the U.S. and South Korea but will take years.___China exports rise in March, rebounding from slumpBEIJING (AP) — China's exports rebounded from a down turn in March and rose 14.2% over a year ago, while an import slump deepened. Exports to the United States also grew strongly despite President Donald Trump's tariff hikes, while imports of American goods plunged. The trade slump has added to pressure on Chinese leaders to make peace in a tariff war with Washington over Beijing's technology ambitions.___Fisher-Price recalls sleepers after more than 30 babies diedNEW YORK (AP) — Fisher-Price is recalling nearly 5 million infant sleepers after more than 30 babies rolled over in them and died since the product was introduced in 2009. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission says than anyone who bought any model of the Fisher-Price Rock 'n Play sleeper should stop using it right away and contact Fisher-Price for a refund. The recall covers about 4.7 million of the sleepers, which cost between $40 and $149.___Amazon: Woody Allen's #MeToo comments wrecked movie dealNEW YORK (AP) — An Amazon lawyer says Woody Allen breached his four-movie deal with the online giant by making statements about the #MeToo movement that damaged prospects for promoting his films. Attorney Robert Klieger told a Manhattan federal judge Friday that the company protected itself after Allen made comments that at a minimum were insensitive.___Fisher-Price recalls sleepers after more than 30 babies diedNEW YORK (AP) — Fisher-Price is recalling nearly 5 million infant sleepers after more than 30 babies rolled over in them and died since the product was introduced in 2009. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission says than anyone who bought any model of the Fisher-Price Rock 'n Play sleeper should stop using it right away and contact Fisher-Price for a refund. The recall covers about 4.7 million of the sleepers, which cost between $40 and $149.___NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks notched solid gains on Wall Street Friday, erasing most of the losses the market sustained after an uneven week of trading. The strong finish gave the S&P 500 its third straight weekly gain. The benchmark index is now just under 1% from its most recent all-time high set on September 20. Banks led the gains after a solid quarterly profit report from JPMorgan Chase opened the latest round of highly anticipated company earnings.___The S&P 500 index rose 19.09 points, or 0.7%, to 2,907.41. The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 269.25 points, or 1%, to 26,412.30.The Nasdaq composite gained 36.80 points, or 0.5%, to 7,984.16. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 5.66 points, or 0.4%, to 1,584.80.___Huffman, 12 other parents to plead guilty in college schemeBOSTON (AP) — Actress Felicity Huffman has agreed to plead guilty in the college admissions cheating scandal. Court documents made public Monday show Huffman and 12 other prominent parents will plead guilty in the scheme. Huffman was accused of paying $15,000 to have a proctor boost her older daughter's SAT score. Huffman was among 50 people charged in what authorities have described as the biggest college admissions scam ever prosecuted by the U.S. Justice Department.___S&P 500 ekes out gain, enough to extend winning streakNEW YORK (AP) — The S&P 500 eked out a small gain after a late push in the final half hour of trading, enough to prolong its longest winning streak in a year and a half, at eight days, but the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended lower due to another big loss for Boeing. Most stock movements were modest, and the S&P 500 was nearly evenly split between winners and losers as investors looked ahead to a busy week for markets with updates scheduled for corporate earnings, the U.S. economy and global trade.___Facebook, Google face widening crackdown over online contentLONDON (AP) — Social media giants like Facebook and Google are coming under increasing pressure in Europe, where countries are proposing stricter rules to force them to block extreme material such as terrorist propaganda and child porn. Britain on Monday called for a first-of-its-kind watchdog for social media that could fine executives and even ban companies. And a European Union parliamentary committee approved a bill giving internet companies an hour to take down terror-related material or face fines.___Theresa May woos UK opponents and EU leaders over BrexitLONDON (AP) — Prime Minister Theresa May is wooing domestic political opponents and European leaders as she seeks to break Britain's Brexit impasse and secure a delay to the country's departure from the European Union. May's Conservative government and the main opposition Labour Party are clinging to hope of finding a compromise Brexit deal, two days before EU leaders decide whether to grant an extension to the U.K.'s departure.___Big Tech feels the heat as US moves to protect consumer dataWASHINGTON (AP) — Momentum is gaining in Washington for a privacy law that could sharply rein in the ability of the largest technology companies to collect and distribute people's personal data. A national law, the first of its kind in the U.S., could allow people to see or prohibit the use of their data. Companies would need permission to release a consumer's private information.___Pinterest sets conservative pricing after Lyft dropNEW YORK (AP) — Pinterest wants to raise about $1.5 billion in its initial public offering of shares. Pinterest, among the gaggle of tech companies hoping to go public this year, set a conservative price range Monday for its initial public offering. That, at the higher end, could put the value of the company at around $9 billion. But it falls below the estimated $12 billion value from earlier sales of shares to private investors, according to reports two years ago.___Putin hosts Turkey's leader to discuss weapons deal, SyriaMOSCOW (AP) — Russian President Vladimir Putin is hosting his Turkish counterpart, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, in Moscow for talks focusing on the situation in Syria, the sale of advanced Russian missiles to Turkey and other economic deals. Erdogan's visit to Russia, his third since the year's start, underlined increasingly close ties between the two countries. It also reflected Turkey's readiness to defy Washington's demand to spike a deal for Turkey to purchase Russia's S-400 air defense missile systems.___Nissan shareholders OK ouster of ex-chair Ghosn from boardTOKYO (AP) — Nissan's shareholders have ousted the automaker's former chairman Carlos Ghosn from its board. The decision Monday moves the company one step closer to shutting the door on an era capped by scandal. More than 4,000 people gathered at a Tokyo hotel for a three-hour extraordinary shareholders' meeting and signaled their approval for dismissing Ghosn with applause. They also approved the appointment of French alliance partner Renault SA's Chairman Jean-Dominique Senard to replace Ghosn.___Fed puts forward proposals to modify bank regulationsWASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve is putting forward two proposals to modify regulations put in place after the 2008 financial crisis that the banking industry complained were too restrictive. The proposed regulatory changes were approved on a 4-1 vote with Fed board member Lael Brainard opposing the changes.___Ford workers in Russia protest planned closureST. PETERSBURG, Russia (AP) — Ford workers in Russia have started work-to-rule action over plans to close a plant. Mikhail Sergeyev, head of a trade union which represents around a third of the St. Petersburg plant's 900-strong workforce, has told The Associated Press the work-to-rule will continue until Ford negotiates, and it's already causing disruption.___The S&P 500 rose 3.03 points, or 0.1%, to 2,895.77. The Dow slipped 83.97, or 0.3%, to 26,341.02. The Nasdaq gained 15.19, or 0.2%, to 7,953.88. The Russell 2000 index of small-cap stocks fell 3.55, or 0.2%, to 1,579.00.Small businesses may be able to receive a big tax break this year, thanks to the new rules. They also may face a big headache: figuring out whether the tax break applies to them.The problem is that a centerpiece of the legislation is a write-off for “qualified business income,” but it’s unclear whether certain activities count. That is sowing confusion as the April deadline for filing the first returns under the law approaches.“Parts of the law were not well thought out,” said Lisa Goldman, a partner in the international tax practice of the accountancy Berdon L.L.P. Congress was in a rush to enact the law before the end of 2017 and was more concerned, she said, with big businesses than small: “I’m not surprised it’s convoluted.”While the Internal Revenue Service issued additional clarifications in January, much of the uncertainty continues, often focused on a 20 percent deduction for qualified business income.It is available for many sole proprietorships, partnerships and pass-through entities, such as S corporations. Most small businesses are formed under one of these structures, and most are eligible for the deduction. But not all of them are.First, the relatively simple part: Businesses generally can receive the full deduction if their owners are married and file jointly and their taxable income does not exceed $315,000, or half that amount for single filers. More than 90 percent of pass-through entities qualify for the deduction, said Mark Jaeger, director for tax development at TaxAct, a provider of tax filing software.“If you’re a typical business owner, your net profit on Schedule C is going to be qualified business income,” he said. Schedule C of Form 1040 is where individuals report business income.“Don’t even worry about it if your income is under those amounts,” Mr. Jaeger said. And a partial deduction is available on incomes up to $415,000 for people who file jointly, or $207,500 for single filers.The complications are mind-numbingBut it’s not just qualified business income that’s used to figure eligibility for the deduction; it’s also total taxable income. So if you make $250,000 in your business and your spouse makes $200,000 in a salaried job, the total income on your return is $450,000. In that case, you could lose the qualified business income deduction.Not necessarily, though.If you pay wages to employees, including yourself, you could be eligible to take a qualified business income deduction equal to 50 percent of those wages, even if your income exceeds the threshold. In any case, the deduction cannot be more than 20 percent of qualified business income.If your head isn’t spinning yet, there is more: An alternative calculation allows real estate firms to claim a qualified business income deduction of 25 percent of wages and 2.5 percent of the amount invested in property. But that’s only available if the I.R.S. deems the enterprise an eligible business. The agency last month ruled that renting out property is a business for which the deduction applies, and is not just a passive investment, under certain circumstances. Separate books and bank accounts must be kept and 250 hours a year must be devoted to active management, the agency said.There’s still more fine print. The deduction is out of bounds to anyone who has income above the threshold and runs what the law calls a “specified service trade or business.” That’s one whose main asset is the owners’ reputation and skill.The law lists several examples, including health, law, financial services, entertainment and consulting. Those businesses don’t qualify for the deduction. But for some reason, architecture and engineering do. In the batch of rules released last month, the I.R.S. acknowledged that some activities can go either way, such as the operation of a pharmacy. The question for pharmacies is whether owners are regarded as dispensing health care. The I.R.S. said it depended on the circumstances.‘Interesting anomalies’Ian Shane, a partner at the law firm Michelman & Robinson, said: “As these final regulations are put into effect by tax practitioners, I am confident that there will still be a substantial number of gray areas where it comes down to anybody’s guess as to whether the activity or type of business will qualify for the deduction in the eyes of the I.R.S.”Mr. Shane highlighted some “interesting anomalies.” One is whether a business engages in consulting, which disqualifies it for the deduction. Providing training courses or related services qualifies for the deduction, but providing advice and counsel — which can be part of training — constitutes consulting, in the agency’s view. What a business puts on its invoices and how it has represented itself over the years will go a long way to determining how it’s regarded, he said.For an entrepreneur like Paige Cornetet, the distinction might amount to considerable money. Her business, Millennial Guru, which she started a year and a half ago in Grand Rapids, Mich., provides workshops and one-on-one training to help companies manage younger employees better. She runs Millennial Guru as a sole proprietor.Ms. Cornetet’s adviser, Greg Rosica, a partner in Ernst & Young’s private client services practice, said Millennial Guru is clearly an education business, adding that he is not worried that the I.R.S. will view it as a consultancy. In other words, he says, the business should be eligible for the deduction.Ms. Cornetet said the various breaks in the tax bill have saved her enough to pay for a full-time assistant, allowing her “to have fewer things on my plate, focus on what I’m good at and stay in my lane.”Mr. Shane encourages entrepreneurs to use a tax professional to help accomplish those same objectives and to navigate the law generally.“There are so many questions you don’t know how to answer, especially about what’s a qualified trade or business,” he said. “Go to an accountant. You don’t want something disallowed because you didn’t do one little thing.”NEW YORK — Samantha Martin does most of the annual hiring for her public relations firm in the first quarter. But not this year — clients worried about a slowing economy are cutting their budgets, and Martin has in turn scaled back her own plans."Our clients are having trouble getting funding and therefore public relations and marketing are the first to get cut," says Martin, owner of New York-based Media Maison.If Martin's firm has more work than her current staff can handle, she'll hire freelancers who work by the hour. Hiring on a project-by-project basis removes the potential of having to lay anyone off.Small business owners who are uneasy as they see signs of a weakening economy have cut back on hiring in recent months and found ways to get work done without adding employees. The latest evidence of a hiring slowdown came last week, when payroll provider ADP said its small business customers created just 6,000 jobs in March. February's tally of 19,000 new jobs was also weak and down sharply from January's 98,000; ADP's small business numbers also fluctuated throughout 2018. The report, as well as the most recent jobs report from the Labor Department, clearly shows that small business hiring has lagged behind job creation at larger companies.Small business owners, especially those who learned hard lessons from the Great Recession about overstaffing, are playing it safe. While a Capital One survey also released last week showed that 29% of 500 small business owners planned to hire in the next six months, that was down from 33% in a survey six months earlier. Of the owners who don't plan to hire, nearly 30% said the economy is making them too nervous to spend more on staffing. The Capital One survey was in line with other surveys taken during the first quarter.The economy is widely expected to slow this year, starting with the recently ended first quarter. Economists surveyed by financial information provider FactSet estimate that gross domestic product grew at an annual rate of 1.6% from January through March, down from 2.9% in all of 2018.TruePublic's last four hires were part-timers. CEO Kaben Clauson had planned on taking on full-time staffers, but partly because of the economy decided against the added risk."We could hire those people full time now — we have the money to do so — but it would give us only six months of a cash cushion," says Kaben, whose Chicago-based company conducts online surveys. "We'd feel more comfortable with a year's cushion."Clauson's concern is linked to the hesitancy he sees in investors who start hunkering down because of stock market volatility or signs of economic weakness."My company is raising another $2 million and we're looking for investors," Kaben says. "Who's knows what happens with the economy going forward?"Before the recession, the philosophy at many companies was to hire in anticipation of higher revenue. Now, the approach is to put off hiring until rising revenue justifies taking on the added expense and risk. Many owners like Martin hire independent contractors, or freelancers, if there's more work than their regular employees can handle."They have a much finer gauge on how to accomplish what they need to without layering in a lot of expense," says Steve Spinelli, the incoming president of Babson College and an entrepreneur himself.Owners have also adopted technology that helps them get their work done, so there is less pressure on their companies to hire, Spinelli says."You have a healthier small business community, a more nimble small business community and one that's more forward looking," Spinelli says.After Greg Henson's technology services company was forced to lay off half its staff during the Great Recession, he restructured the business so approximately 50% of The Henson Group's workers are freelancers. He has the flexibility of calling them in for projects as needed, and doesn't have fears of another mass layoff.Henson is also concerned about the economy, and has contracted with another company to handle some of his sales work."We have frozen hiring until we know what's happening," he says.Some owners aren't as worried about the economy, but have other reasons to be concerned about their finances and are therefore cautious about hiring. For example, their overhead is going up and they don't want to add to those increasing costs — expenses that can make them more vulnerable to the vagaries of the economy.The rising minimum wage has Sean Pour holding off hiring 10 new staffers for his company, SellMax, which has more than 30 workers earning the $12 minimum that a San Diego city ordinance requires. The minimum, which rose 50 cents on Jan. 1, will rise each year along with inflation.The minimum-wage staffers at SellMax work in the car buying company's call center. Pour supplements their pay with performance bonuses, but worries that rising wages will limit his ability to pay the extra money."Quite frankly, this scares us and we are afraid we won't be able to keep the new hires that we employ," Pour says. So SellMax, which already uses automation to answer some calls, may need to increase its dependence on technology if it can't afford to hire._____Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg . Her work can be found here: https://apnews.comIf your only goal is to provide the basics of personal finance, writing a good advice book is straightforward.You will need to discuss saving, including how to live below your means — and then probably move on to investing the money you’ve saved. At that point, you explain how to diversify a portfolio with stocks, bonds and cash equivalents, like certificates of deposit. The details may get complicated, but the overall design is simple enough.But if you want to create a more complex personal finance book, things are likely to get challenging in a hurry, because you must accomplish three essentials.First, you need to find a new take on those bare-bones basics. Then, to hook readers, you need to come up with an intriguing angle. Finally, you need to show readers how they will benefit from putting your novel approach to work.Allison Schrager has clearly written a book of the complex kind: “An Economist Walks Into a Brothel: And Other Unexpected Places to Understand Risk” (Portfolio/Penguin, $27). She accomplishes two of the three tasks I’ve outlined, and does so quite nicely.Unfortunately, she falls short in the important news-you-can-use category. And that’s too bad, because, as her title suggests, she has a provocative approach, and she has an interesting take on investing as well.A columnist at Quartz, the news website, Ms. Schrager was trained as an economist. She teaches Strategic Risk Taking at New York University, and her book emphasizes the importance of getting a good handle on investment risk which, she says, many of us do not really understand.In her account, risk assessment involves analyzing the probability of “everything that might happen — both good and bad.”“We are often taught to think of decisions in terms of, ‘If I do X, then I’ll get Y,’” she says, “but in reality, any time we can make a decision, a range of Y’s could happen, from a superior Y to a terrible outcome.”We can’t guarantee positive outcomes, she says, but, “We can increase the odds that things will work out.”How so?Start by defining your goal, she says. Then ask, “How can you achieve your goal with no risk at all, or as little risk as possible?”For example, let’s say you want to figure out how much money you need for retirement. If you use her framework, she suggests you may discover that traditional approaches are riskier than you might have thought.One such approach is to invest as much as you can, and, once you retire, draw out a fixed amount annually. A common rule of thumb is to withdraw 4 percent of your portfolio each year. But if you follow that rule strictly, the dollar amount of that annual 4 percent withdrawal will vary, depending on the performance of your portfolio.“That’s where the strategy goes wrong,” she says. “A predictable salary, like the one you earned when you were working, should be the goal of your retirement fund. Most workers wouldn’t accept a salary that varies with stock prices — why should retirees?”You can gain certainty by buying a fixed annuity. That requires you to hand over some, or all, of your money to an investment firm in exchange for guaranteed payouts.All of this is worth thinking about, but if you want to know what you should do, there is no answer here. The problem, in this case, is that Ms. Schrager doesn’t make a recommendation to buy annuities, nor does she come out against them. That kind of fuzziness, when it comes to practical recommendations, is a flaw in the book.Telling people how to think about risk, in general, is fine. Specific ideas for how to invest with the best performance for the least amount of risk would have been better.Risk at workStill, Ms. Schrager tells many entertaining stories about how people in various professions as diverse as horse breeding and the military go about trying to reduce risk. I particularly enjoyed one about paparazzi: They form pools to share their pictures with other photographers to make sure they are not shut out when staking out celebrities. And I also liked the one about the poker champion who increases his chances of winning by playing far more conservatively than the typical recreational player.Both of those stories support her subtitle, about going to unexpected places to understand risk.But how is a reader supposed to benefit from these forays? I could infer from the paparazzi story that I should pool my investments by buying mutual funds as opposed to individual equities. My lesson from the poker champion could be to temper my expectations — you can’t win every pot — and also to keep my emotions in check.But why should I have to work hard to come to conclusions like these, without ever being certain that they are the ones she intended? It would have been helpful if Ms. Schrager had connected the dots.That said, the book fulfills its promise. Ms. Schrager did indeed walk into a brothel; several, actually, in Nevada. The point of that exercise was to understand how prostitutes can reduce the risk that comes with their job.The solution for those she interviewed involved working in legal establishments, where management took half of the women’s revenue in exchange for greater security.The women didn’t have to worry about undercover police officers, for example, because in legal brothels, they weren’t violating any laws. And they reduced the danger from nasty, violent customers because there were panic buttons in every room, with guards stationed nearby. And if the women needed protection getting home, the guards would escort them.There were trade-offs, in other words, that made an occupation that was less than ideal a little bit better.Is investing like prostitution? Other than the risk involved in both cases, I’m not sure. But her discussion did make the risk reduction in investing seem prudent, as well as minimal and inexpensive.LONDON — Reckitt Benckiser Group on Wednesday sought to play down any potential impact to its infant formula business from U.S. litigation against Indivior, which it used to own, saying the risk was theoretical and unlikely. The U.S. Justice Department has accused British drugmaker Indivior of illegally boosting prescriptions for its blockbuster opioid addiction treatment."As stated in our annual report, this is a theoretical risk but we consider this to be highly unlikely and only a remote possibility," the company said, responding to a question about whether the risk for Reckitt could extend to the infant formula business, which Reckitt bought in 2017.  (Reporting by Martinne Geller; Editing by Keith Weir)TOKYO — Toshiba Corp shares fell more than 5 percent on Friday after an agreement to offload its U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) business collapsed, a blow for the Japanese conglomerate which has been shedding assets to turn around its business.Toshiba said late on Thursday that China's ENN Ecological Holdings Co had scrapped an agreement to take over the LNG business due to a failure to get approvals from shareholders and a U.S. panel that monitors foreign investments.Toshiba shares fell as much as 5.4 percent to 3,485 yen and ended morning trade at 3,555 yen. The broader market was up by about 0.6 percent.Toshiba must now look for a new buyer for the business that it previously said may cause losses of as much as 1 trillion yen ($9 billion).Spot LNG prices are trading at about half the level they were when Toshiba agreed to pay ENN more than $800 million to take over its U.S. operations.A failure to find a buyer could derail Toshiba's recovery from the fallout of the bankruptcy of its U.S. nuclear power unit Westinghouse, analysts have said."The challenge in obtaining U.S. approvals provided an opportunity for ENN to walk away from a deal that will be out of the money in the near term following a collapse in LNG spot prices," said Saul Kavonic, head of energy research for Australia at Credit Suisse. "At current LNG spot prices, it will be a challenge to bring U.S. LNG volumes into Asia on a cash cost basis, let alone factoring in an additional processing tariff," he said.Toshiba stunned the market in 2013, when it decided to enter the LNG business. With no experience in shipping or the logistics of the gas and LNG business it seemed an odd fit, analysts said at the time.Toshiba's plan was to pitch LNG supplies as a sweetener to potential Asian buyers of its turbines used in combined cycle gas-fired power plants.The company signed up to take 2.2 million tonnes of LNG annually from the Freeport LNG export plant in Texas, construction of which is almost complete. The arrangement requires Toshiba to pay a processing fee for the LNG, regardless of whether it takes the fuel.The company has been trying to sell the business since at least 2015. ($1 = 111.66 yen) (Reporting by Aaron Sheldrick; Editing by Stephen Coates)TOKYO — Toshiba Corp shares fell by the most in two months on Friday after an agreement to offload its U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) business collapsed, a blow for the Japanese company which has been shedding assets to turn around its business.Toshiba said late on Thursday that China's ENN Ecological Holdings Co had scrapped an agreement to take over the LNG business due to a failure to get approvals from shareholders and a U.S. panel that monitors foreign investments.Toshiba shares fell as much as 5.4 percent before closing down 2.7 percent, the biggest drop since Feb. 12. The broader market gained 0.7 percent.Toshiba must now look for a new buyer for the business that it previously said may cause losses of as much as 1 trillion yen ($9 billion).Spot LNG prices are trading at about half the level they were when Toshiba agreed to pay ENN more than $800 million to take over its U.S. operations.A failure to find a buyer could derail Toshiba's recovery from the fallout of the bankruptcy of its U.S. nuclear power unit Westinghouse, analysts have said."The challenge in obtaining U.S. approvals provided an opportunity for ENN to walk away from a deal that will be out of the money in the near term following a collapse in LNG spot prices," said Saul Kavonic, head of energy research for Australia at Credit Suisse. "At current LNG spot prices, it will be a challenge to bring U.S. LNG volumes into Asia on a cash cost basis, let alone factoring in an additional processing tariff," he said.(Graphic: Asian spot LNG price - https://tmsnrt.rs/2X2j9Dm)Toshiba stunned the market in 2013, when it decided to enter the LNG business. With no experience in shipping or the logistics of the gas and LNG business it seemed an odd fit, analysts said at the time.Toshiba's plan was to pitch LNG supplies as a sweetener to potential Asian buyers of its turbines used in combined cycle gas-fired power plants.The company signed up to take 2.2 million tonnes of LNG annually from the Freeport LNG export plant in Texas, construction of which is almost complete. The arrangement requires Toshiba to pay a processing fee for the LNG, regardless of whether it takes the fuel.The company has been trying to sell the business since at least 2015. "Toshiba has around a year to find a new buyer or be faced with the prospect of paying for capacity that they aren't using," said Nicholas Browne, gas and LNG director at consultancy Wood Mackenzie in Singapore."Finding a buyer in this timeframe could be pretty difficult," he said. ($1 = 111.66 yen) (Reporting by Aaron Sheldrick; Editing by Stephen Coates)For nearly a year after rain stopped falling on Puerto Rico, the island was without full power. For months, thousands of businesses closed and did not reopen. And for nearly as long, internet was scarce. So when Emmanuel Oquendo and Israel Figueroa Fontánez found connectivity along a central strip in San Juan known as the Milla de Oro (the Golden Mile), they plopped down on the sidewalk, opened their laptops, and worked from the street.“It was during Hurricane Maria that we found a purpose,” Mr. Oquendo said.Mr. Oquendo and Mr. Figueroa had been trying to start a company, BrainHi, that automated communication with doctors’ offices. If a human receptionist did not pick up the phone, BrainHi’s artificial intelligence chatbot would step in to answer questions, helping the offices that were severely understaffed after the hurricane.Now, one and a half years later, BrainHi has clients around the world. The 15-person team has recently moved to a new office on the Milla de Oro. From his window, Mr. Oquendo can see the place on the sidewalk where he worked on his laptop after the storm.BrainHi got its start as one of the companies in a start-up accelerator program in San Juan organized by Parallel18. For a little over three years, Parallel18 has worked with 168 tech-based start-ups, each of which receive $40,000 in equity-free funding, co-working space and coaching. Parallel18 also started a pre-accelerator program after Hurricane Maria to foster local start-ups in earlier stages of development.Even before Hurricane Maria, Puerto Rico had been in a public debt crisis. An exemption in the United States tax code had given mainland companies tax breaks on income earned in Puerto Rico. But that exemption had expired, large corporations had been moving their factories off the island and, for that and  other reasons, like the inability to declare bankruptcy the way full states could, the economy fell into a long recession from which it has yet to recover.The hope is that by investing in entrepreneurs like Mr. Oquendo and Mr. Figueroa, Puerto Rico’s economy will be able to withstand exogenous shocks like changes to the tax code, predatory investments or future natural disasters. As the start-up ecosystem grows, the entrepreneurs in the center of it are trying to power a new wave of locally owned businesses that are resilient enough to weather future turmoil.The numbers show that these entrepreneurship initiatives may be working. According to a University of Puerto Rico study, in March 2018, businesses in Puerto Rico started opening at faster rates than they were closing. The rebounding of businesses across the island was not universal, and many have not recovered. But the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor, a data set on entrepreneurship that is used by the United Nations and the World Economic Forum, published data showing that, from 2017 to 2018, entrepreneurial activity in Puerto Rico was on the rise.Denisse Rodríguez Colón, the executive director of Colmena66, a resource hub for people trying to start businesses in Puerto Rico, was surprised by the immediate uptick in entrepreneurial activity after Hurricane Maria. Ms. Rodríguez thought that she would be out of a job after the hurricane. Instead, Colmena66’s hotline started ringing constantly.“People were saying, ‘I’ve lost everything, so that idea I’ve had for three years, I’m not afraid anymore. I need to build this business because I’m out of a job,’” Ms. Rodríguez said.Colmena66 and Parallel18 have offices next door to each other, and both receive funding from the nonprofit Puerto Rico Science, Technology & Research Trust. The two organizations have different missions, but they work together closely to create a pipeline of support for new business owners.The number of applicants to Parallel18’s incubator program are the highest they’ve ever been, the group says. Last year’s cohorts of start-ups almost doubled their revenue generated from the year before. Marie Custodio, outreach manager at Parallel18, attributes some of the increased start-up activities to a change in attitudes after the hurricane.“It was an awakening,” she said. “Before the hurricane, people thought that having a corporate job or being an employee was safe. But after the hurricane, nothing was safe or secure.”Manufacturing Social ChangeNine miles south of Parallel18, in the Caimito district of San Juan, sits a small yellow factory surrounded by palm trees. Inside there are two sewing machines, a blanket stitch machine, some hand sewing workstations and to-do lists on the wall. These are the manufacturing headquarters for the footwear start-up Isleñas.Karla López Rivera, the founder of Isleñas, moved back to Puerto Rico in April 2018 to join Parallel18’s pre-accelerator program. Born and raised in Puerto Rico, Ms. López had been living and working as a footwear designer in New York City.“Maria really pushed the decision for me to move back,” she said. “I’d been away for 14 years. I had those feelings of urgency to come back and help.”The company has three employees working in its factory in Puerto Rico, where it manufactures four styles of espadrilles. By June, its team will have expanded to six people. These employees are a big reason that Ms. López wanted to start a company.“We’re committed to social change through manufacturing,” Ms. López said. She is becoming partners with another female-founded start-up, Retazo, to provide employment for skilled seamstresses who lost their jobs when large garment factories in Puerto Rico closed in the 1980s and 1990s.A Homecoming for EngineersA few weeks ago, BrainHi hosted a día familiar, or family day, for the company. Seeing his co-workers surrounded by their families was a heart-touching moment for Mr. Oquendo, who is chief executive of BrainHi. Five of his employees left jobs at Silicon Valley technology companies, including Airbnb and Lyft, to move back to Puerto Rico and work at BrainHi.“They were reunited with their families,” Mr. Oquendo said. “It gave validation to the importance of helping people come back home and be with their families, boyfriends, girlfriends, and loved ones.”Creating well-paying jobs that entice young, skilled employees to stay in Puerto Rico has been a constant struggle for the island’s economy. Over the past 10 years, Puerto Rico has lost 10 percent of its population as workers leave the island in search of better job opportunities elsewhere. Since Hurricane Maria, another 130,000 people, or 4 percent of the population, have left.Mr. Oquendo and his co-founder Mr. Figueroa, who is BrainHi’s chief technology officer, met when they were engineering students at the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez, on the west coast.But when Mr. Oquendo graduated, he was one of very few of his classmates who stayed in Puerto Rico. “Basically, all of my friends have left the island one year after they graduated,” he said, citing better job opportunities in the mainland United States.But Mr. Oquendo is trying to do his part to reverse the tide of out-migration by creating jobs and hiring back some of the engineers who left. And he’s not alone.One of the companies to graduate recently from Parallel18’s accelerator program, Libros787, moved into offices next door to Parallel18’s. While Libros787 has not moved far from Parallel18’s tight-knit community of start-ups, the company’s founders have made a business of selling Puerto Rican books to the far-flung diaspora.“We wanted to create a bridge to people living outside Puerto Rico, in the U.S. and around the world,” said Carlos Goyco Blechman, co-founder and chief executive of Libros787.Libros787 sells Puerto Rican books for about half the price of its competitors, like Amazon. Mr. Goyco is able to sell these books so cheaply because he sells directly from publishing houses in Puerto Rico. According to Mr. Goyco, partnering with publishing houses became easier after Hurricane Maria.“People were very willing to help us,” Mr. Goyco said. “It wouldn’t have been that easy to collaborate with other companies without the hurricane.”Mr. Goyco got the idea to start Libros787 when Hurricane Maria cost him what he called a good corporate job. He had been working in book distribution for large multinational companies in Puerto Rico, like Walmart and Walgreens. When Hurricane Maria hit, many of these stores never reopened.Two months later, with support from Parallel18, Mr. Goyco had Libros787’s website running. Today, he said, the company processes from 400 to 600 orders each month and continues to grow steadily.The Parallel18 staff is also looking to grow the successes of their program beyond Puerto Rico.“What happened with Puerto Rico, it didn’t happen in only Puerto Rico, but the whole Caribbean,” Ms. Custodio said, referring to the damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria.She hopes that by building a start-up ecosystem across the Caribbean, they will be better prepared to deploy regional solutions in response to future hurricanes. Together with Facebook, Parallel18 is making plans to begin Startup Hub Caribbean, which will be the first accelerator that Facebook has set up in the Caribbean.Ms. Rodríguez also sees tech start-ups, which are adept at aggregating resources across supply chains, as key players in strengthening Puerto Rico’s self-sufficiency.“In Puerto Rico, we imported 85 percent of everything we consumed. After the hurricane, that percentage went up to 95 percent because we lost all our crops. That puts us in a very vulnerable position as a community,” she said. “Our food chain in P.R. is so segmented and fragmented that that doesn’t happen naturally unless we have entrepreneurs coming in.”Ms. Custodio has already seen proof of how this can work. Every week, she gets local Puerto Rican produce delivered to her doorstep, courtesy of PRoduce! Home Box, a food delivery start-up that graduated from Parallel18’s latest cohort.The start-ups coming out of Parallel18 have also captured the attention of the federal Small Business Administration. After meeting the founders of Cleancult, a former Parallel18 start-up that makes green cleaners, Linda McMahon, the agency’s administrator, organized a stop in San Juan for the S.B.A. Innovation Research tour in November 2019.“We’ve worked from sidewalks, we’ve done so many things,” Mr. Oquendo said. “I think as a company we’re super resilient. There’s nothing that is going to stop us.”PARIS — French food group Danone said on Friday it had signed a definitive agreement for the sale of Earthbound Farms, its U.S. organic salad business, to California-based Taylor Farms.Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.The sale of Earthbound Farms, which had 2018 sales of about $400 million, is part of Danone's portfolio management and capital allocation optimization strategy, the company statement said.Danone Chief Executive Emmanuel Faber said in February the loss-making Earthbound Farms was under "intense strategic scrutiny". (Reporting by Dominique Vidalon; Editing by Rashmi Aich)Before the New Work Summit last week, The New York Times asked leaders who were participating in the conference to answer their choice of questions about technology. Their responses have been edited and condensed.What is the single most important step the tech community can take to instill trust in artificial intelligence?Ashton B. CarterDirector, Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, Harvard Kennedy School; 25th secretary of defenseIn 2013, when I was the D.O.D.’s No. 2 official, I issued a policy directive on autonomous weapons that is still in force. The U.S. takes its values to the battlefield, and the directive says that a human must be involved in and responsible for decisions aided by A.I. to employ lethal weapons. The same moral compass should govern commercial applications of A.I., such as credit ratings, prison sentencing and privacy. Accountability requires transparency. After a lifetime in technology development, I believe that transparency for the sake of accountability must be a technical design requirement for A.I. algorithms.Rana el KalioubyCo-founder and chief executive, AffectivaToday, A.I. is people-blind. Sure, it can “see” us, but it’s completely unaware of how we’re feeling. And as we interact with technology, all of the nuances and richness of our feelings disappear in cyberspace. That’s a big barrier when it comes to building trust and communication — not only between people and A.I., but with other people, too. How can we trust in technology that strips us of what makes us human?A.I. needs to be able to understand all things human, and truly relate to us, if we’re going to trust it. This is especially important as A.I. takes on new roles in society, and our interactions with A.I. become more relational and personal. But trust is a two-way street. A.I. needs to be able to trust people, too — to be good co-workers, make the right decisions and use the technology ethically. This is only possible if A.I. can understand the emotions and expressions that are core to who we are.Danika LaszukGeneral manager, Betaworks CampThe tech community needs to begin to take the ethics of the technology they create more seriously. For example, growth in A.I. and 5G technologies will begin to create new markets and, likely, entire industries once they are developed further. New web technologies like blockchain have the potential to create a more democratic and safer internet, in which users have more control and accountability is distributed more equitably.The recent rise in synthetic media and augmented reality tools is both exciting and a reason to take a step back. Through digitally created Instagram models like Lil Miquela, the consuming world of Fortnite and the normalization of people communicating regularly with nonhuman tools like Alexa, a synthetic reality has been born in which our human experience is enhanced, augmented and challenged by our interactions with intelligent machines.Tristan Harris Co-founder and executive director, Center for Humane TechnologyThe single most important way to instill trust in A.I.s is to align their business models with the ecology of stakeholders, and by ensuring that they operate through internalizing possible risks and harms into their decision-making. Techno-utopians frequently make the mistake of imagining benevolent A.I.s that mysteriously pop out of labs to solve our problems, while ignoring how the business models of the companies that created them are constrained by bad incentives. If Facebook’s negative impacts over the last year have taught us anything, it’s that we should never underestimate the damage created by misaligned business models. Dov Seidman Founder and chief executive, LRNThe business of business is no longer just business. The business of business is now society. The world is fused, and we can no longer maintain neutrality. Therefore, it is inescapable to take responsibility for what technology enables and how it’s used. Restoring trust will take more than software.We need to scale “moralware” through leadership that is guided by our deepest shared values and ensures that technology lives up to its promise: enhancing our capabilities, enriching lives, truly bringing us together, and making the world more open and equal. This means seeing more than “users” and “clicks” but real people, who are worthy of the truth and can be trusted to make their own informed choices.Meredith WhittakerCo-founder and co-director, AI Now InstituteIt’s hard to trust what you can’t see or validate. A.I. technologies aren’t visible to the vast majority of us, hidden behind corporate secrecy and integrated into back-end processes, obscured from the people they most affect. This, even as A.I. systems are increasingly tasked with socially significant decisions, from who gets hired to who gets bail to which school your child is permitted to attend. We urgently need ways to hold A.I., and those who profit from its development, accountable to the public. This should include external auditing and testing that subjects A.I. companies’ infrastructures and processes to publicly accountable scrutiny and validation.It must also engage local communities, ensuring those most at risk of harm have a say in determining when, how or if such systems are used. While building these cornerstones of trust will require tech community cooperation, the stakes are too high to rely on voluntary participation. Regulation will almost certainly be necessary, as what’s required will necessitate major structural changes to the current “launch, iterate and profit” industry norms.Deep NisharSenior managing partner, SoftBank Vision FundA.I. systems should assist humanity, not threaten it — enabling us to offload cumbersome tasks in favor of more meaningful activity. Intelligent systems are already helping us discover new eco-friendly materials, assisting doctors with care decisions, making factory production lines more efficient and accelerating drug discovery. Our outlook should be one of optimism, not fear.Sara MenkerFounder and chief executive, Gro IntelligenceTrust can only be built if there is transparency and accountability. The tech community needs to come together and create frameworks that allow for transparency while respecting I.P. and the ability for models to learn, evolve and continuously change. Transparency is step one to accountability, and accountability is critical especially in domains such as health, food and education where A.I. can also be transformational.Adena FriedmanPresident and chief executive, NasdaqAs the saying goes, trust is earned, not given. Our experience in the capital markets has demonstrated that transparency is one of the keys to trust. To build trust, those applying A.I. to create new capabilities should consider how much to share — with their clients and other stakeholders — about the inputs used, logic within and ultimate outputs from their machine learning tools. The goal to gain trust should be to demystify the process of creating the new capabilities, not to treat it like a new magic that clients cannot comprehend. My view is that A.I., if provided with transparency, will ultimately allow all industries to leverage the best of humans and machines together to create better, safer and smarter solutions for customers.Reid HoffmanCo-founder and executive chairman, LinkedIn; partner, Greylock PartnersIt’s important to significantly fund research and development on A.I. safety — so that the outcomes from A.I. will have very positive outcomes for humanity and contained risks. A.I. safety will include transparency on algorithms and processes. A.I. safety will include techniques for understanding the justice and fairness of data sets used to build machine learning. And A.I. safety will have a good sense of the parameters of operation of the machines. The industry should work together on A.I. safety, to maximize the outcomes for the world.David LimpSenior vice president, Amazon Devices and Services People are often skeptical of things that are new, and artificial intelligence fits that definition. I am an optimist, though, and history has shown us that new technologies, on balance, have been incredibly good for society measured by productivity, wellness and equality. The most important thing we can do to address this question is to apply A.I. in ways that solve real problems in customers’ lives. Practical, everyday uses of A.I. will help people see it as a tangible, positive force rather than an abstract or ominous thing. As an industry, we should come together to define standards and controls that ensure these algorithms are free from bias, built with privacy in mind and used in a way that puts the customer first.Sebastian ThrunChief executive, Kitty HawkWe need to communicate. The tech industry can develop technology, but it’s all of society that has to find the right use for this technology. Government matters, as do regulators, NGOs, unions and workers. The more openly we talk about this, the better situated we will be to make the right decisions.Who should be responsible for retraining workers displaced by A.I. and other types of automation?Bridget van Kralingen Senior vice president, IBMThe most effective way to bridge the skills divide is through innovative new partnerships between governments, businesses and educators. For example, IBM has changed our paradigm for hiring to accommodate “new-collar skills” that can be gained through vocational programs instead of four-year colleges. While new technologies like A.I. are transforming every job in every industry, that does not equate to all workers being displaced. What it does mean is that all businesses and professionals will require a mind-set for change.John DonovanChief executive, AT&T CommunicationsOur employees need new skills because technology has reshaped much of the work we do at AT&T. That’s why we took responsibility for addressing this challenge within our company. Through collaborations with others, we’ve built tremendous capabilities for retraining our nearly 270,000 employees. Since 2016, they’ve completed five million skills transformation courses. And last year, we filled 68 percent of management positions in our technology and operations group with internal candidates. We also recognize this goes beyond AT&T. So we intend to share our success, work with both the public and private sector, and stay active in the discussion around future jobs.What is one piece of advice you would give a recent college graduate entering the job market today?Jeremy KingExecutive vice president and chief technology officer, WalmartThat’s an easy one: Don’t push to become a manager too quickly. It’s important to become a master in your craft, and rounding out your experience first is much more important. I have seen so many technologists jump to leadership positions too early in their career, and therefore they cannot go deep on the technology stacks they are leading and, in some cases, aren’t even trained on it. A good leader today is both technical and a good people leader — and that comes with time and experience.If you were 18 and graduating from high school today, what would you do to be as employable as possible?Cindy MiFounder and chief executive, VIPKidI hope students today will cultivate a global mind-set and a passion for lifelong learning. They should seek out opportunities to connect with people around the world, and understand that while our world is getting smaller through technology, the opportunity to learn from people and cultures across the globe has gotten so much bigger. At VIPKid, we believe young children will become global citizens and have an impact beyond their own borders when they have access to personalized learning and compassionate teachers who instill in them this global mind-set.Evan SpiegelCo-founder and chief executive, Snap Inc.I feel that the most important thing we can do is learn how to tap into our creativity. When we overcome the fear of expressing ourselves and our ideas, anything is possible!Lawrence H. SummersCharles W. Eliot University professor and president emeritus, Harvard University; 71st secretary of the Treasury I believe that the ability to manipulate, comprehend, analyze, collect and refine data of all kinds will be central to the success of individuals and organizations in the 21st century. It is absurd that high school students are taught trigonometry but not statistics, and physical science but not social science. Coding is important, but understanding the data handling that is the reason for coding is even more important.MERIDA, Mexico — A meeting of U.S. and Mexican government and business leaders on Thursday aims to shore up investor confidence in Mexico and defuse U.S. President Donald Trump's threats to close their shared border if illegal immigration is not halted.Part of regular business forum the U.S.-Mexico CEO Dialogue, the talks in Mexico coincide with renewed tensions over trade and the border after two years of uncertainty sparked by Trump's push to rework the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).They also give Mexico an opportunity to address investor concerns about how President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has run Latin America's No. 2 economy since taking office in December."We want the American investors that visit our country to go back home feeling confident about their investments here," said Moises Kalach, a top executive in the CCE business lobby, which represented Mexico's private sector at the NAFTA talks.Lopez Obrador and officials including his foreign minister and energy minister, plus U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and U.S. Chamber of Commerce President Tom Donohue, are scheduled to attend the two-day meeting in the city of Merida.Among investors due to attend is Larry Fink, chief executive of the world's largest asset manager BlackRock Inc.The leftist Lopez Obrador took power vowing to fight entrenched corruption, crime, inequality and poverty, scourges that cost Mexico billions of dollars every year.He has said he wants to boost both private and public investment, but some of his early decisions, such as canceling a partially-built $13 billion Mexico City airport and steps to rein in the autonomy of regulatory bodies, have spooked investors.Questions remain over the future of trade in the region because the deal agreed to replace NAFTA, the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), has yet to be ratified.U.S. Democratic politicians say Mexico must approve a new labor law to strengthen its trade unions before they approve the USMCA, and Kalach said the implications of that legislation now in the Mexican Congress would be addressed.Time would also be given to how Mexico proposes to cope with a migrant surge which has led to Trump threatening to close the border, causing trade hold-ups at the frontier, he added."So as to lower the pressure on this issue, which is a real issue and an important issue," Kalach said.Trump said on Wednesday he would have to mobilize more of the military at the U.S. border with Mexico.Cutting through the noise surrounding the issue of immigration, Mexico wants to ensure that the message goes out that both countries' private sectors keep working "hand in hand", said a Mexican official, who asked not to be named.Mexico is also eager to drum up interests in "strategic projects" in Mexico's southeast, and to ensure there is a good business climate in the country, the official said.Key among the projects is the planned $8 billion construction of a new Pemex refinery on Mexico's Gulf Coast, which American firms were recently invited to bid on.Other schemes the government wants to pitch to investors include a rail project across popular tourist areas of the Yucatan peninsula, known as the Mayan Train, development of border areas, and an alternative new Mexico City airport. (Additional reporting by Dave Graham, Frank Jack Daniel and Sharay Angulo in Mexico City; Editing by Jacqueline Wong)LOS ANGELES — Uber Technologies Inc's restaurant delivery business has grown revenue to $1.5 billion in just three years, the company disclosed in its IPO filing on Thursday, dwarfing the revenue of its profitable, and already public, rival Grubhub Inc.Uber also spelled out the struggle its food delivery business faces: "Cumulative payments to drivers for Uber Eats deliveries historically have exceeded the cumulative delivery fees paid by consumers," it said. Uber Eats, and its rivals DoorDash and Postmates - who are also candidates for initial public offerings (IPOs) - are offering discounts and incentives to diners and restaurants in a race to grab the biggest piece of online restaurant delivery sales that investment firm William Blair & Co expects to grow to $62 billion in 2022 from around $25 billion today.Uber said its "take rate" - or the percentage of revenue it keeps from each restaurant order - declined to 10 percent after it charged high-volume restaurant partners lower fees in competitive markets like the United States and India. "What you like to see is take rates going up not down," said Wedbush Securities analyst Ygal Arounian, who noted that fast-food giant McDonald's Corp is a key Uber Eats partner. Research firm Edison Trends said Uber Eats does more deliveries than its U.S. rivals, including Grubhub, but that the dollar value of each transaction is the lowest of the bunch at $26.20. That makes it harder to turn a profit in an industry where customers, restaurants and drivers bounce between delivery services. Raising prices is not an option. "Consumers, as convenience-minded as they are, are still pretty price sensitive," said Jesse Reyes, chief executive of J-Curve Advisors, who advises venture capital and private equity funds. Grubhub had established the beginnings of a profitability roadmap for the industry - even as some experts worry that it is losing share to its fast-growing Silicon Valley rivals. The Chicago-based company merged with rival Seamless before its April 2014 IPO and since has made more than a half-dozen other purchases, including Yelp Inc's Eat24, campus delivery firm Tapingo Ltd and LevelUP, which manages digital ordering, payments and loyalty programs. It booked 2018 net income of $78.5 million on revenue of $1 billion. Grubhub's U.S. restaurant partners pay an average commission rate of 20 percent. Diners are charged nothing or up to a few dollars for deliveries, spokeswoman Katie Norris said. The company also forged an exclusive partnership with KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut owner Yum Brands Inc, which took a $200 million stake in the Grubhub. Experts say there will be more consolidation and failures as delivery firms look for ways to break away from the pack. "It's early days in this space and there is a lot that will shake out in the next couple of years," said Wedbush Securities analyst Arounian.  (Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles; additional reporting by Nivedita Balu and Shariq Kahn in Bengaluru; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)(Reuters) - Recruitment firm PageGroup Plc on Wednesday posted higher first-quarter gross profit, as robust business in Britain and Germany offset slowness in Greater China and France.Gross profit for the quarter grew 11.7 percent to 208.8 million pounds. Britain recorded its third straight quarter of growth as profit grew 1.7 percent, allaying Brexit-related nervousness in the jobs market. Profit from Germany expanded 23 percent.PageGroup, which was set up above a launderette in London in 1976 and helps hire executives, professionals and clerical staff said trade tariff uncertainty in Greater China and 'gilets jaunes' protests in France impacted candidate confidence.The "yellow vests" protests, named after the bright jackets that French drivers have to keep in their cars and which have been worn by demonstrators, began in November after public anger against fuel tax rises.PageGroup said it expects full-year 2019 operating profit to be in line with its compiled consensus of 160.4 million pounds.Graphic: PageGroup hiring holds despite economic woes (https://tmsnrt.rs/2X2jYfD)(This story refiles to fix a link to related graphic content.) (Reporting by Sangameswaran S and Samantha Machado in Bengaluru; editing by Patrick Graham and Arun Koyyur)FRANKFURT — Deutsche Boerse is buying risk management software provider Axioma for $850 million (£652 million), the stock exchange operator said on Tuesday, and plans to merge the unit with its existing index business to create a new analytics firm.The acquisition will be cash neutral for Deutsche Boerse, which in the end will hold 78 percent of the new company, it said. Private equity firm General Atlantic will hold around a 19 percent stake after its $715 million investment, and Axioma management 3 percent after investing $105 million.Deutsche Boerse's existing index business is valued at 2.6 billion euros (£2.3 billion). Axioma generated around $100 million in revenue in 2018 and has 240 employees. Axioma's chief Sebastian Ceria will lead the new company. (Reporting by Tom Sims; Editing by Jan Harvey)When Julian Olidort returned to his Manhattan office after a business trip to Israel five years ago, he said his first priority was “to assemble a team of co-workers” to assist in the delicate handling of a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that emerged 6,000 miles away in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv. It was an investment he was eager to pursue.Her name was Sivan Aloni.“She was a very beautiful and intelligent woman with a very different outlook on life,” Mr. Olidort said. “She lived every day at her own pace, and that was something I deeply admired, so I thought if there was ever a chance to meet her again it would be so magical, so worth it.”Mr. Olidort, now 29 and an associate at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and Ms. Aloni, now 31 and the adviser to Ambassador Dani Dayan, consul general of Israel in New York, met in Jerusalem in May 2014 at the first Genesis Prize award ceremony. The annual event recognizes achievement steeped in Jewish values. (Michael R. Bloomberg was the first recipient.)Mr. Olidort, just 24 at the time, attended the event in his official role as executive secretary of the Genesis Prize Foundation. He was placed in charge of an international selection committee that included former Supreme Court justices, members of Israel’s parliament, the chief rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregation of the Commonwealth, and Elie Wiesel, the winner of the Nobel Peace Prize in 1986.“Looking back, that was a lot for a young guy to handle,” Mr. Olidort said with a chuckle, “but then again, so was Sivan.”Ms. Aloni, then a 26-year-old student at Hebrew University of Jerusalem working for the Israeli production company that produced the event, was stationed in the guest relations area in charge of coordinating the flow of journalists, panel judges and other attendees during the course of the evening.“I saw her standing there and just kind of froze for a moment,” Mr. Olidort recalled. “I immediately told myself, ‘If this girl could be the one, then I’m satisfied, I’m set for life.’”Unsure how he might relay that sentiment to a woman he had never met in a room teeming with security guards and media personnel, Mr. Olidort continued to stare squarely at Ms. Aloni as he began walking in circles. “I wanted to look busy,” he said, “so I walked out of the room three times, and each time I had to re-enter through security.”Ms. Aloni, who was in the company of several colleagues, could not help but notice the peripatetic stranger who appeared to not know whether he was coming or going.“I glanced over and saw this guy who looked dashing in his suit,” she said. “He also looked like he was half the age of everyone else in attendance.”Mr. Olidort decided the best plan would be to make a beeline for Ms. Aloni, and upon arrival, he did not mince words. “Look, I don’t want to embarrass you in front of your friends,” he said to her, “but may I have your number, I’d love to take you out.”Ms. Aloni, who said she found Mr. Olidort’s bold approach “rather charming,” agreed to have a drink with him later that night, which was a Thursday, but in the company of friends.Mr. Olidort, scheduled to return to New York the next day, chose to join her friends. Despite the fact that he did not get the alone time with her that he desired, he said he awoke the next morning “feeling that she was someone I would flip the whole world over to be with.”He rearranged his travel plans, canceling a trip to Turkey and extending his time in Israel by three more days — until a Tuesday — to get to know Ms. Aloni on a more personal level. He told her he was staying to take care of some unfinished business, but failed to tell her that she, in fact, was the unfinished business.He asked her out to dinner on a Saturday evening, and though Ms. Aloni accepted the invitation, she arrived with several friends in tow, leaving Mr. Olidort a bit flustered.He explained his frustration to her the next morning, on a Sunday, two days before he was to return to New York, and followed his one-on-one request with yet another dinner invite, this one to Manta Ray, a restaurant on the beach in Tel Aviv.Ms. Aloni accepted, agreeing to go solo, she said, “because I could tell by then that Julian was a very sincere person, and a really nice guy.”She could also tell how he was nervous. “At dinner, he kept playing with his food,” she said. “It took him a little while to relax.”Mr. Olidort settled in and the two got to know each other. Ms. Aloni told him that she was born in Petah Tikva, a city in the central district of Israel, and raised in Tel Aviv, the only daughter of Zivit Furstenberg, her mother, who lived in Korazim, Israel, and Raviv Aloni, her father, an information technology specialist who remarried after divorcing Ms. Furstenberg and moved to Brisbane, Australia. Ms. Aloni spent many of her summers in the company of her stepsister and stepbrother in Australia.She graduated from Thelma Yalin National High School of the Arts in Tel Aviv, before serving two years in the Israeli Army, where she was a sergeant in its Yiftah unit, which developed materials for special infantry operations. She went on to Hebrew University, earning a dual degree in Jewish thought and political science.Ms. Aloni and Mr. Olidort soon realized that art played an integral role in both their lives. Her mother was an independent jewelry artist. His mother, Nadia Klionsky-Olidort, was a landscape artist and the senior studio artist for the Echo Design Group in New York, where she designs scarves. She inherited her artistic talent from her father, Marc Klionsky, a Soviet-born artist who developed a nuanced form of American Realism through the eyes of new immigrants in New York City in the 1970s and 1980s.Mr. Klionsky, who died at age 90 in 2017, painted the portraits of many notable leaders and musicians, including Golda Meir, B.B. King and Dizzy Gillespie — the latter still hanging at the National Portrait Gallery in Washington.Mr. Olidort, the younger of two sons born to Ms. Klionsky-Olidort and Joseph Z. Olidort of New York, graduated from Brandeis University and received a master’s degree in international finance and economic policy from Columbia. He was a Fulbright scholar in Sweden, where he conducted economic research on the Swedish glass industry while blowing glass at a factory in the southern Smaland region.He later told Ms. Aloni that after meeting her in Jerusalem, he returned home so fearful of losing her “by saying the wrong thing,” that he turned to his co-workers “for some advice and coaching,” on what they felt were the proper things to say to maintain his newfound, long-distance relationship.“For two months, people kept popping into my office with new ideas, new things to say to her via phone or text,” Mr. Olidort said.Six months later, Mr. Olidort’s emotional investment began paying dividends, as he and Ms. Aloni arranged for a second official date — in Venice, Italy.“He was always up front about his feelings for me,” Ms. Aloni said. “So at that point, I had put a lot of trust and faith in him.”Their rendezvous in Venice, Mr. Olidort said, “felt more like an incredible honeymoon than a second date.”In February 2015, Ms. Aloni visited Mr. Olidort in New York, where she did some sightseeing, job-hunting and soul-searching. In October of that year she returned once more, this time considerably shortening the distance of their long-distance relationship by moving into Mr. Olidort’s Manhattan apartment. She had also accepted a job as a director in the public diplomacy department of the Israeli consulate.“Throughout our relationship Julian kept talking about getting serious and wanting us to have a great life together, and that always felt right with me,” Ms. Aloni said. “So I moved in with him without hesitation and without worry.”They were married on a Tuesday morning, April 2, by Rabbi Haskel Lookstein at Congregation Kehilath Jeshurun in Manhattan. The couple were joined by the groom’s parents and his grandmother, Irina Klionsky, who is also the widow of Marc Klionsky. Renée Schreiber and Eran Polishuk, colleagues and friends of the bride, also attended. The bride’s mother tuned in via Skype from her home in Israel.“By the power vested in me as a rabbi and because of the fact that I registered with the city clerk 60 years ago in order to be able to do such a ceremony, I now pronounce you husband and wife, according to the law of the State of New York,” Rabbi Lookstein said playfully. “You are not yet married according to the law of Moses and Israel.”When the brief ceremony ended, the small wedding party went to a nearby deli to celebrate over coffee and bagels.“We fell in love with Sivan the moment we met her,” said the groom’s mother, Ms. Klionsky-Olidort, who was seated inside the deli next to her husband, Joseph Olidort, a civil engineer at Aecom, an engineering firm in New York. “She is his sunshine, the person who brings him the most joy.”The newlyweds would eventually call a cab for Irina Klionsky, 82, and escort her back to her SoHo apartment, where she and Mr. Olidort manage her husband’s art estate. It was also the place where Mr. Olidort proposed to Ms. Aloni in March 2018. (Mr. Olidort said he hoped to put together an exhibit in the near future of Mr. Klionsky’s works, several pieces of which have never been on public display.)“The Jewish community is an important part of our lives,” Mr. Olidort said. “We are both passionate about the continuity of the Jewish people and innovative Jewish education to inspire and engage young people to remain involved with their Jewish heritage.”On April 16, the bride and groom will take part in a celebration ceremony in Jerusalem before 300 family members and friends. Rabbi Lookstein will officiate again at a traditional huppah and reception at Olmaya, an events space there.“I only wish my husband was here to see all of this,” said Irina Klionsky, smiling before her cab arrived as she stared across the crowded deli at the bride and groom.Standing side by side at the noisy deli counter after their wedding, the couple laughed as they pointed to a variety of bagels and other tempting choices on a menu hanging high on a wall above a colorful and somewhat chaotic New York scene. This was modern-day portrait of youthful exuberance the likes of which Marc Klionsky might have captured in his heyday.Businesses have been sounding the alarm over Britain’s impending departure from the European Union ever since its approval in a 2016 referendum. But this week, with lawmakers unable to agree on any sort of orderly plan as the March deadline for a deal nears, their warnings rang louder — and some decided to act.Airbus and Bentley called the prospect of Brexit without an agreement a “killer” and a “disgrace.” Sony, concerned about Brexit-generated disruptions, said it would move its European headquarters from Surrey to the Netherlands. Other companies are furiously stockpiling supplies, while civil servants are scrambling to prepare for emergency arrangements. While politicians may yet pull together a deal before March 29, analysts say businesses have run out of time. The precarious state of affairs is already damaging the economy. “Until the middle of last year, it was a slow burn — we lost about 2 to 3 percent of output,” said Amit Kara, head of British macroeconomic research at the National Institute of Economic and Social Research. “My feeling is it has gathered a little bit of pace since then.” Manufacturers are increasingly reluctant to invest in uncertain political and economic conditions, according to a survey published this week by the Confederation of British Industry, and some business leaders are going public with their frustration. “They’re breaking cover because they’re feeling close to the edge at this point,” said Jonathan Portes, a professor of economics and public policy at King’s College London. Airbus, which employs about 14,000 people in Britain making wings for its aircraft, said that if the country left the European Union with no deal, supply-chain disruptions would force it to look to move its factories elsewhere.“Make no mistake: There are plenty of countries out there who would love to build the wings for Airbus aircraft,” Tom Enders, the chief executive, said in a video posted on YouTube this week. The British transportation industry imports a large portion of its parts from the European Union and sells a large portion of its products there. Airbus warned last summer that a Brexit without a replacement deal could cost it more than $1 billion a week. In his video, Mr. Enders called it a “disgrace” that businesses still did not have enough information to make plans. “Please don’t listen to the Brexiteers’ madness which asserts that, because we have huge plants here, we will not move and we will always be here,” he said, referring to supporters of Brexit. “They are wrong.” Since Parliament defeated Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit plan last week, lawmakers have been battling over a second, similar plan she presented. Mrs. May has refused to rule out leaving the European Union without an agreement, gambling that lawmakers will back her rather than allow that possibility.“The U.K. is not and cannot be ready for a ‘no deal’ Brexit,” Carolyn Fairbairn, the director general of the Confederation of British Industry, said Tuesday. “Only Parliament can avoid it, and now is the time to do so.” The chief executive of the Civil Service, John Manzoni, conceded that his organization would not be fully prepared. “Will things be a bit bumpy? Of course, they will,” Mr. Manzoni said Tuesday at the Institute for Government, a British policy group. The chief executive of Bentley, Adrian Hallmark, told Reuters on Tuesday that his luxury car company had been headed for a turnaround after a year of losses, but that political events could scupper its plans. “It’s Brexit that’s the killer,” he said. Another carmaker, Jaguar Land Rover, confirmed on Thursday that it would pause production for a week in April to deal with potential disruptions. Companies are planning stockpiles of parts and supplies — if they can find room. The United Kingdom Warehousing Association surveyed its members last month and said three-quarters were already full and unable to take on more business. Many businesses also do not have the money to stockpile and prepare, said Mr. Kara of the National Institute of Economic and Social Research. “If we did have a hard Brexit, the shock would be quite significant,” he added. UK in a Changing Europe, a research group, has estimated that leaving without a deal could reduce Britain’s gross domestic product per capita by as much as 8.7 percent over 10 years from what it would be if the nation remained in the bloc. “What you see here is a bit of frustration that the U.K. government could have handled it so badly and ignored the concerns of business,” said Mr. Portes of King’s College London, who is also a senior fellow at UK in a Changing Europe. Even if an agreement is reached in time, the turmoil of the debate will have a lasting impact, he said.Airbus has made it clear that “when it comes to the next big investment decision, the U.K. is not going to be on the list,” Mr. Portes said. “In the medium to long term, it’s clear that it’ll have a large negative effect on any future investment.” Foreign direct investment in Britain is already 19 percent lower than it would have been had the referendum not happened, according to researchers at the University of Sussex. Dyson, the home appliances company, denied on Tuesday that its decision to  relocate move its headquarters from England to Singapore was related to Brexit, but few saw it as a vote of confidence for the business environment in Britain. And Brexit might not be the only challenge for the British economy, Mr. Kara said. The global economy is slowing, and Britain is likely to be vulnerable should there be another shock to it, he said.“It’s like a country that has an armed force that is able to battle on one front, but if another front opens up, we are certainly more vulnerable than many other countries,” he said. FRANKFURT — Euro zone banks expect to ease standards for business loans and consumer credit as competition remains fierce and demand slows in Italy and Spain, a European Central Bank survey showed on Tuesday.With economic growth slowing and recession fears rising, ECB policymakers recently approved a new set of ultra-cheap loans to commercial banks, fearing they would halt the flow of credit, exacerbating the downturn. But the results of the survey suggest that banks are not planning to make it any harder for businesses to get loans, blaming high competitive pressure."For the second quarter of 2019, banks expect an easing of credit standards for loans to enterprises and consumer credit, and a further tightening of credit standards for housing loans," the ECB said.But credit demand cooled among consumers and companies in Spain, where general elections will be held this month, and from businesses in recession-struck Italy. For the euro area as a whole, banks expect net demand for housing loans, consumer credit and business loans to rise in the three months to June. Credit standards -- banks' internal guidelines or loan approval criteria -- and terms and conditions on new credit remained broadly unchanged, the survey showed.Italian banks, however, said they were tightening lending terms for a second straight quarter, blaming a higher cost of funding and a heightened perception of risk.Borrowing costs for the Italian government, which drive the cost of funding for banks, have risen since a populist coalition took power last year and disclosed plans to run higher budget deficits. (Reporting by Balazs Koranyi; editing by Francesco Canepa, Larry King)LONDON — Some car manufacturers will idle their factories. The police are advising store owners to hire more security guards. Trucks have been sent to the coast to practice with artificial traffic jams. And exasperated business lobbyists are warning of supply-chain calamities.Britain remains politically paralyzed ahead of a contentious vote in Parliament next week on a plan to withdraw from the European Union, or Brexit. But businesses are plowing ahead and preparing for the possibility that the country crashes out of the bloc without an agreement at the end of March — a no-deal Brexit.Honda, the Japanese auto company, which produces about 150,000 cars a year in its factory in Swindon, in southwest England, said on Friday that it would stop production for six days in April to assess its supply chain and possible disruptions from border delays after Brexit. The company said its 4,000 employees would go to work but would be training or handling maintenance.BMW has already said it will shut its Mini factory in Oxford for maintenance for a month beginning April 1, in case a no-deal outcome disrupts its production.Honda was the most high-profile company to make its Brexit contingency plans known this week, and a diplomatic visit prompted the revelation. Shinzo Abe, Japan’s prime minister, flew to London to meet with Prime Minister Theresa May on Thursday and emphasized that he hoped a no-deal Brexit could be avoided.Other Japanese companies, too, are not waiting for reassurance. “There are preparations underway,” Koji Tsuruoka, Japan’s ambassador to Britain, told the BBC on Friday, adding that Japanese companies were prepared for “all contingencies.”If Britain leaves the European Union with no deal, it could wreak havoc on just-in-time manufacturing that relies on goods crossing the British border from France and arriving at factories within minutes of final assembly.“That’s the system that makes them survive in this very competitive environment,” Mr. Tsuruoka said of companies' manufacturing processes. “If that is no longer available, then of course they have to think twice as to how do they continue to be operative in this environment.”Retail businesses were also being advised to prepare for uncertain times. On Friday, the Metropolitan Police said they were advising stores to consider hiring extra security just in case shortages created by a no-deal exit prompted a rush of shoppers.“We are having these conversations in order to minimize the demands on policing from any resulting large crowds or queues at shops and as part of our regular civil contingency engagement with businesses and partners,” the police said in an emailed statement.Although businesses have been wary of wading into the politics of Brexit, some are now more willing to declare that a no-deal Brexit would be disastrous.The Confederation of British Industry warned on Friday that the government needed to be as specific as possible about how it would avoid a no-deal outcome.“Make no mistake, no-deal cannot be ‘managed,’” Carolyn Fairbairn, the group’s director-general, said in a speech. “And it’s certainly not desirable.”In what proved to be a less-than-convincing effort to ease public anxiety, the British government conducted an exercise on Monday to test how it would manage disruption at the border. It offered truck companies about $700 a truck to gather vehicles at Marston Airport, 20 miles west of the port of Dover, so it could test how effectively traffic backups could be managed if vehicles coming off ferries from Europe had to stop for customs checks.Only 89 trucks turned up, compared with the 150 expected, and the operation was widely mocked as “window dressing.”Radio and television news broadcasts this week were studded with commentary from people exasperated with the waiting game.“The only lobbying taking place now is through the airwaves to make it very clear to the politicians and the government that they have to sort this out,” said Iain Anderson, the executive chairman at Cicero, a consulting firm. “The longer this Brexit political drama continues, the less and less attractive the U.K. is going to be” to investors.Still, the vote in Parliament on the exit deal — set for Tuesday and anticipated to face strong opposition — is likely to offer some respite for businesses desperate for some clarity. Debate surrounding the vote will better define what politicians want and what the prime minister can take back for further negotiations with European officials.“There will be some signposts for business that will give them some small degree of confidence,” said Mujtaba Rahman, the managing director, Europe, for the Eurasia Group. “There will be uncertainty, there’s still a lot of downside risk, but that’s inherent to Brexit, and it will remain inherent until a withdrawal agreement is ratified.”WASHINGTON — Linda E. McMahon, one of five women in President Trump’s cabinet and the former chief executive of World Wrestling Entertainment, stepped down on Friday as the head of the Small Business Administration, the White House announced.One of Mr. Trump’s most prolific donors during the 2016 presidential campaign, Ms. McMahon joined the administration early in Mr. Trump’s term and avoided the kinds of scandals and high-profile attention that many of her cabinet colleagues endured during the last two years.With Ms. McMahon by his side at his Mar-a-Lago estate, Mr. Trump praised her as a “superstar” who had done much to improve the operation of the Small Business Administration.“She’s been one of our all-time favorites,” the president told reporters. “Just so smooth. She has helped so many people in the world of small business.”In recent weeks, Ms. McMahon was thought to be a contender to replace Wilbur Ross, the commerce secretary, once he departs the government. In a statement, Ms. McMahon said that she was proud of the work she had done in government.“The focus that we have put on supporting women entrepreneurship, veteran businesses and rural development has been particularly rewarding for me,” she said in the statement put out by the Small Business Administration.A business executive who turned her attention to politics later in life, Ms. McMahon ran unsuccessfully for the United States Senate in Connecticut in 2010 and again in 2012. Her expected departure from the administration was first reported by Politico.But it was her connection to Mr. Trump that finally brought her into the elite ranks of the government. When he nominated her in 2016, Mr. Trump cited her business experience.“Linda has a tremendous background and is widely recognized as one of the country’s top female executives advising businesses around the globe,” Mr. Trump said at the time. “She helped grow W.W.E. from a modest 13-person operation to a publicly traded global enterprise with more than 800 employees in offices worldwide.”As the agency’s administrator, Ms. McMahon earned the respect of some Democrats, who praised her for expanding loans to women and for working to improve the efficiency of the agency.People familiar with Ms. McMahon’s thinking said she was expected to take a position at the America First PAC, the political action committee supporting Mr. Trump’s re-election. She is expected to help the organization raise money.Ms. McMahon was approached weeks ago as a possible official at the political action committee. She is able to raise money and is trusted by donors who want to know she is close to Mr. Trump, people familiar with the appointment said.Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Here’s your roundup of the top news in business and tech, plus all you need to know for the week ahead. Even if your March Madness bracket was a flop, at least you can feel good about your news I.Q.MARCH 31-APRIL 6What’s Up? Going Nowhere FastBoeing’s grounded fleet of 737 Max jets probably won’t be back in the air anytime soon. A preliminary report on what caused one of the aircraft to crash in Ethiopia last month determined that the pilots followed all of Boeing’s safety protocols. While investigators stopped short of blaming the company for the plane crash, the report does put more pressure on the manufacturer and aviation authorities to figure out what happened — and to make sure it won’t again. Boeing has already lost one order of its 737 planes from Indonesia’s national airline, and the longer it takes to get the jets cleared for flight, the more customers (and money) it stands to lose. Then Again, Maybe NotPresident Trump said on Thursday that he planned to give Mexico a “one-year warning” to stop drug smuggling and illegal immigration or he’ll close the southern border. This was a big step back from a threat he had made the week before, when he said he’d close the border in the next few days. His initial statement was followed by widespread panic. A border closing would seriously harm the American economy, halting the daily flow of $1.7 billion of goods and services between the two countries. This would cause food shortages (where would we get our avocados?) and price spikes. It would also hurt the 500,000 legal workers, students, shoppers and tourists who cross the border each day. Facebook’s Latest LeakIf you’re getting tired of Facebook’s user data — particularly your own — showing up in places it shouldn’t, you’re in good company. A cybersecurity firm reported this past week that it had stumbled upon a huge cache of Facebook user information on one of Amazon’s cloud computing servers. The information included millions of Facebook users’ passwords, comments, and account names, and all of it could be downloaded by anyone who found it online. The database was closed after Facebook learned about its contents, but considering the rash of similar cases in the past year, this won’t be the last breach of its kind. APRIL 7-13What’s Next? Stacking the DeckMr. Trump escalated his sniping at the Federal Reserve on Friday, calling on the organization to cut interest rates and use other means to boost economic growth. He also continued to accuse the Fed chairman, Jerome H. Powell, of throwing water on the economy by raising interest rates last year. It’s unusual for a president to so openly attempt to exert influence over the central bank, but Mr. Trump is taking his efforts a step further by announcing plans to nominate two of his longtime supporters for seats on the Fed’s board. One is his “friend,” the former pizza executive and 2012 presidential hopeful Herman Cain, and the other is Stephen Moore, a conservative economist and adviser to Mr. Trump. Mr. Powell will surely be asked about all of this on Wednesday, after the Fed releases the minutes of its March meeting. In Case of EmergencyEuropean Union leaders will hold a last-minute summit on Wednesday to discuss the fate of Brexit, which has now dragged on past the point of absurdity. Britain is now slated to withdraw from the bloc on April 12 with or without a concrete plan, unless Prime Minister Theresa May can win Parliament’s agreement for another deadline extension. There has been much hand-wringing over the possibility of a no-deal Brexit, which could be disastrous for the British economy as well as its trade partners. To prepare, many businesses have staged their own reverse Brexit, moving operations elsewhere and holding off on investing in British companies. It’s a lose-lose for Britain, and prolonging the process isn’t likely to improve matters. An Epic WaitA trade deal with China may finally be nigh. But then again, who really knows? On Thursday, Mr. Trump gathered with the Chinese delegation, which was in Washington for the umpteenth round of negotiations, to say that he’s anticipating an “epic” trade agreement in about four weeks. He was also expected to announce a presidential summit with Xi Jinping of China, presumably to sign that deal, but he stopped short of doing so. “If we have a deal, then we’ll have a summit,” Mr. Trump said. He is under mounting pressure to make good on the lofty promises he made to American businesses about an agreement, but the clock is ticking on the economic damage that trade tensions are wreaking around the world. What Else?Jeff and Mackenzie Bezos have finalized the details of their divorce. He will keep 75 percent of their joint shares in Amazon, leaving her with a $36 billion stake — which makes her one of the richest women in the world. Speaking of wealthy people, Tesla’s chief executive, Elon Musk, is still battling with the Securities and Exchange Commission over his ill-advised (and unadvised) tweets about his company. A New York judge gave both parties two weeks to sort out their differences, and recommended that they put on their “reasonableness pants” to do so — a tall order, in this case.TOYOTA CITY — The head of Toyota Motor Corp's electric vehicle (EV) business told Reuters the automaker has received enquiries from more than 50 companies since announcing last week that it would offer free access to patents for EV motors and power control units.The executive also said Toyota aims to use partnerships to cut by as much as half the outlays for expanded electric and hybrid vehicle components production in the United States, China and Japan."Until now we have been a tier 1 automaker, but now we also intend to become a tier 2 supplier of hybrid systems," Toyota Executive Vice President Shigeki Terashi said.Supplying rivals would greatly expand the scale of production for hardware such as power control units and electric motors that are used in gasoline-electric hybrids, plug-in hybrids, fully electric vehicles and fuel cell vehicles, he added.Toyota last week outlined plans to offer automakers and auto suppliers royalty-free access to nearly 24,000 electrified vehicle technologies patented by the Japanese auto giant.In an interview on Thursday at Toyota's global headquarters in Toyota City, Japan, Terashi provided new details of Toyota's strategy, and its anticipated impact on the company's investment plans.By offering to supply rival automakers with parts used in Toyota's gasoline-sipping hybrid vehicles, the Japanese automaker sees a way to slash capital outlay by roughly half for new plants required to build electric car components for future models, Terashi said."We believe that this approach will reduce investment costs significantly," he said. Terashi said Toyota projects a surge in demand for electrified vehicles globally as regulators insist new vehicles emit substantially less carbon dioxide, and that working with Toyota would offer others a low-cost path to compliance.Toyota's internal goal is to sell 5.5 million electrified, Toyota-brand vehicles annually by 2030, up from about 1.6 million vehicles now, he said.Already, Terashi said, Toyota believes it could reach the 5.5 million target as early as 2025. The company is working on plans for a new round of capital spending to expand capacity for producing the hardware required.(For an interactive chart on global powertrain sales forecasts, click here https://tmsnrt.rs/2IdNUC7)By offering to supply electric vehicle hardware, and the know-how to integrate it into vehicles, Terashi said Toyota wants to reduce its capital outlay, and create a new source of revenue."We anticipate that there will probably be very few automakers who use our patents to develop their own hybrids from scratch, so by using our system and our components, and offering our support, we can work together to develop these cars," Terashi said.In the last 20 years, Toyota has managed to dominate the global market for hybrid cars by constantly improving and lowering the cost of the technology it pioneered in the Prius - and keeping this expertise a closely guarded secret. Toyota's new business foray underlines the challenges facing even the largest global automakers as they confront some of the most profound technological changes for automobiles in a century.Toyota is now trying to take advantage of its lead in refining hybrid vehicles, even as it runs behind global rivals such as Volkswagen AG and Tesla Inc in bringing fully electric vehicles to showrooms.Since pioneering the Prius in 1997, Toyota has sold more than 13 million hybrids, which twin a conventional gasoline engine and electric motor, saving fuel by capturing energy during coasting and breaking and using it to power the motor.Roughly 15 percent of Toyota's annual global sales are hybrids, including the Corolla and the RAV4. Last year it sold 1.6 million hybrids globally, more than the 1.3 million all-battery EVs sold by Tesla Inc, Nissan Motor Co and all other automakers combined. To meet the expected surge in hybrid demand, Terashi said he is planning to increase production capacity for hybrid components mainly by adding capacity at existing plants.Toyota has initially courted its partner automakers. It already supplies the plug-in hybrid system for Subaru Corp's Crosstrek SUV crossover model, and last month Toyota announced that it would be a global supplier of hybrid systems to compact car maker Suzuki Motor Co. The success of the Prius has helped to brand Toyota as a maker of affordable, reliable green cars and has been key to the automaker's reputation as a leader in low-emissions vehicle technology.Terashi brushed off the risk that Toyota could lose this edge by offering its hybrid technology to other automakers, arguing that it held a crucial, 20-year head start over its rivals. "Even if an automaker is able to develop and produce a car using our systems and parts which complies with emissions regulations, its overall performance would never be the same as ours," he said. (Reporting by Naomi Tajitsu and Joseph White; Additional reporting by Maki Shiraki; Editing by Christopher Cushing)SANTANDER, Spain/MEXICO CITY — Santander has offered to take full control of its Mexican business through a 2.6 billion euro (£2.3 billion) all-share deal as the Spanish bank chases potentially higher returns available from Latin America.The deal proposed on Friday, which was broadly welcomed by analysts but described as "oppressive" by a major investor, will unwind Santander's listing of 25% of the bank on the Mexican stock exchange in 2012. The move is part of efforts to focus more on emerging economies while cutting costs to counter squeezed margins in mature European markets.While record-low interest rates have prevailed across the euro zone for the past 10 years, benchmark rates in Mexico stand at 8.25%, the highest since the 2008 global financial crisis.The Mexico deal will also bring Santander head to head with Spain's second-largest bank BBVA, which makes about 40% of its earnings from Mexico."(The deal) is an opportunity to gain exposure to a diversified, global bank with growing and more predictable results than those of comparable peers," Chairwoman Ana Botin told shareholders at Santander's annual general meeting.Earnings from Mexico are expected to rise to 10% of group profit, up from 8%, Botin said. Latin America as a whole accounts for 43% of the Spanish bank's earnings.At least one investor, Bill Kanko, president of Black Creek Investment Management, took a dim view of the plan. The Canadian asset manager is the fourth-largest investor in Banco Santander Mexico, excluding the parent, according to Refinitiv data."This is a ‘squeeze-out’ or ‘take-under’, and we have little recourse," Kanko said. He said Santander's offer carried only a small premium that did not fully compensate minority shareholders whose investments he said "subsidized" a spending program that started in 2017.Banco Santander Mexico said in 2016 it would invest $736 million in branches and technology. Kanko said that had depressed earnings in the short term but "made sense to us longer term." "The growth opportunity in Mexican banking services, the repair of their balance sheet, the appointment of a highly respected CEO, the efficiency measures of the bank, and the governance of the parent company – how ironic – were the underpinnings of our investment thesis." Reuters contacted the 15 largest investors in Banco Santander Mexico, excluding the parent, according to Refinitiv Eikon data, for comment. Several, including BlackRock, Vanguard and JPMorgan Asset Management, declined to comment. Others did not immediately respond.MEXICO'S SHRINKING EXCHANGEDamian Fraser, founder of Mexico City-based financial consultancy Miranda Partners, said Santander was also giving a vote of confidence to the new administration of President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, whose economic instincts have at times rattled Mexican markets."They are betting on Mexico, they are putting 3 billion euros on the line. They're believing in" Lopez Obrador, said Fraser, who worked on the Santander Mexico IPO in 2012 when serving as Mexico country manager for Swiss bank UBS AG.The disappearance of the stock did, however, reduce the amount of choice on offer on the stock exchange."The Mexican stock market is already shrinking, it's already fairly illiquid, and this is another blow," Fraser said.The Mexico plan overshadowed Friday's shareholder meeting, where some investors criticised management handling of an aborted process to hire Italian banker Andrea Orcel as chief executive. In an unusual U-turn on such a major appointment, the bank said in January that it could not meet his pay expectations."It's a good decision that you stopped it, but it is a mega-disclosure accident," investor Hans Martin told the meeting, also asking if Jose Antonio Alvarez would remain as CEO for the foreseeable future.Mexico is a highly profitable market, where Santander has set a mid-term target of 19-21% for the underlying return on tangible equity.Santander's shares rose nearly 2% on Friday.Santander, which holds about 75% of its Mexican business, said it would issue up to 572 million new shares, equivalent to up 3.5% of Santander's market capitalisation, to finance the deal.The new issuance is worth about 2.6 billion euros based on Thursday's close, according to Refinitiv data.The euro zone's biggest lender in terms of market value will offer 0.337 shares for 1 share of Santander Mexico and 1.685 shares per share to holders of Santander Mexico ADS. Santander said the exchange ratio represented a 14% premium to the closing prices of Banco Santander and Santander Mexico shares on April 11.Santander expects the transaction to have a return on investment of approximately 14.5%, to be neutral on earnings per share and to contribute positively to the group's core Tier-1 capital ratio. (Reporting by Jesús Aguado in SANTANDER, Jose Elias Rodriguez in MADRID and Stefanie Eschenbacher and Dave Graham in MEXICO CITY; Editing by Jane Merriman/David Goodman and Grant McCool)Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.You're a busy person, so here's your quick and breezy catch-up on the latest in tech and business news, plus what to know for the week ahead. Your Monday self will be better for it.MARCH 10-16What’s Up? A Bumpy DescentBoeing’s brand-new fleet of 737 Max aircraft was grounded in over 40 countries after a deadly plane crash in Ethiopia last Sunday, the second 737 Max to go down in five months. There’s no hard evidence that the planes have anything wrong with them, but similarities between the two crashes caused widespread concern among aviation officials (and passengers) around the world. Boeing has promised a software fix and new training program for pilots by April, but it may take a lot longer to repair the damage to its reputation and its bottom line, considering the 737 Max was its best-selling jet ever.Losing FaceHumans were forced to have actual conversations when Facebook, Instagram and WhatsApp went dark for few hours on Wednesday. (The platforms, all owned by Facebook, were apparently suffering from a server issue.) But the company may not bounce back quite so fast when federal prosecutors start examining its business deals. Officials are  conducting a criminal investigation into partnerships that Facebook struck with other big tech companies, namely, agreements that involved handing over its users’ personal information without their consent. Other signs of turmoil: Two of Facebook’s top executives resigned on Thursday without giving explicit reasons. A Blow to the Gun IndustryFirearm makers took a hit on Thursday when a Connecticut court ruled that the families of victims in the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School could proceed with suing Remington, which made the AR-15 rifle used in the massacre. The decision conflicts with Congress’s previous policy of shielding gun manufacturers whose weapons are used in a crime, and creates a potential opening to hold those companies liable. At the center of the lawsuit is Remington’s promotional messaging, which the families argue shows an effort to appeal to troubled young men. An outcome in the plaintiffs’ favor could have far-reaching effects on how guns are marketed and sold. MARCH 17-23What’s Next? The Long GoodbyeWe were so looking forward to March 29 as the last day of Brexit negotiations (and hearing people talk about them). But alas. British lawmakers voted on Thursday to push back the country’s departure from the European Union until they can agree on how to actually pull it off, so the squabbling will drag on for … well, who knows. Prime Minister Theresa May will meet with European Union leaders in Brussels this Thursday to discuss the terms of the postponement, which will require approval from all 27 members of the bloc to proceed. Tech TakedownExpect more stump speeches about breaking up big tech companies like Amazon, Google and Facebook after Senator Elizabeth Warren discussed her plan to do so at the annual South by Southwest Interactive conference in Austin, Tex., last week. Senator Warren, who is also a 2020 presidential candidate, argues that tech giants have abused their power by acquiring potential competitors, making it harder for smaller start-ups to compete, and wants to appoint regulators to divide the conglomerates. Almost everyone can agree that these corporations need clearer rules, but how to go about it will be a major topic as the 2020 presidential race heats up. No Sudden MovesFederal Reserve officials will meet this Tuesday and Wednesday to decide whether to raise the benchmark interest rate, but it would be a huge surprise if they did. The number (currently 2.25 to 2.5 percent) is the baseline for banks and other lenders to set interest rates on loans (like your mortgage), and the Fed recently took a much more hands-off approach to it. This new stance delighted Wall Street, but has also been interpreted as a bellwether of growing economic uncertainty. What Else?The college admissions scandal that you’ve been following so breathlessly isn’t just taking down celebrity parents. Big names in the finance world are accused of paying bribes to get their children into top schools, too. (But are you really surprised?) In other news, Uber’s self-driving cars may soon get a $1 billion cash infusion from SoftBank, if their current talks go well. The company also just settled a lawsuit with drivers who wanted to be recognized as employees. The drivers got $20 million, but not the title: they’re still designated independent contractors.NEW DELHI — Ford Motor Co is nearing a deal with Mahindra & Mahindra to form a new joint-venture company in India, a move that will likely see the U.S. automaker cease independent operations in the country, two sources with direct knowledge of the talks told Reuters.The deal would make Ford the latest automaker to pare back its interests in India. At the end of 2017, General Motors Co downsized its Indian operations and stopped selling cars locally, dealing a blow to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's strategy to encourage domestic manufacturing.Over two decades, Dearborn, Michigan-based Ford invested more than $2 billion in India but has consistently struggled - it currently has a market share of just 3 percent in India, one of the world's fastest-growing car markets.Under the terms of the deal being negotiated, Ford will form a new unit in India in which it will hold a 49 percent stake, while Mahindra will own 51 percent, the two sources said.The U.S. carmaker's Indian unit will transfer most of its current automotive business to the new entity, including its assets and employees, according to one of the sources. "It's like a partial exit (for Ford from India)," the source said.The deal is expected to close within 90 days, the sources said, adding the value of the transaction was not yet clear. They spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter.Ford said it does not comment on speculation, but added both companies continue to work together "to develop avenues of strategic cooperation that help us achieve commercial, manufacturing and business efficiencies".Mahindra too said it does not comment on speculation. It said in a statement it was "working together in identified areas" with Ford after a 2017 partnership arrangement, and "will announce further definitive agreements as we progress on some of the other areas." Currently, Ford manufactures and sells its cars in India through its wholly-owned subsidiary. In 2017, it formed a strategic alliance with Mahindra under which, among other things, they will build new cars together, including sport-utility vehicles and electric variants.Ford has been globally restructuring its businesses with an aim to save $11 billion over the next few years. Last month, its Russian joint venture said it would close two assembly plants and an engine factory in Russia, exiting the country's passenger vehicle market.TOUGH MARKETIndia has been a major growth area for global car manufacturers but growth has slowed of late - car sales grew by 3 percent to just over 3.3 million units in the last fiscal year to March 31, compared with 8 percent the previous year.Even so, India is set to become the world's third-largest car market by 2023 with sales of over 5 million cars annually, according to forecasting firm IHS Markit.Ford's decision is a stark reminder of how most foreign automakers have struggled to make major inroads in India, a market dominated by players such as Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai Motor Co.Ford sold close to 93,000 vehicles in India last fiscal year, a far cry from market leader Maruti Suzuki which commands a 51 percent market share and sold more than 1.7 million cars.Automakers such as Maruti benefit in India from their vast dealership network and an autonomous local team that can quickly react to market changes.One of the sources said the Ford-Mahindra deal would lead to more affordable Ford cars in the country, as the company would not need to pay any royalty to its global parent, as the Indian unit has to now.The funds that accrue to Ford's India unit because of the deal will also be used to clear some of its accumulated losses, the two sources said.Puneet Gupta, associate director at IHS Markit, said the deal would help Ford and Mahindra launch new models at a faster pace and lower development cost, which is critical to success in a price sensitive market like India."It's a win-win situation for both," Gupta said. (Reporting by Aditya Kalra and Aditi Shah in New Delhi; Additional reporting by Ben Klayman in Detroit; Editing by Sanjeev Miglani and Mark Potter)Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Here’s your checklist of everything to know in business and tech for the coming week, so you can feel up-to-date and well-rounded even if all you want to talk about is Meghan Markle’s baby. (Any day now!) Enjoy the rest of your weekend.MARCH 24-30 What’s Up? Follow the MoneyEight members of the Sackler family, owners of the pharmaceutical company that makes the potent (and highly addictive) opioid OxyContin, have been sued for fraud by New York State. They are accused of hiding profits and siphoning hundreds of millions of dollars from their company, Purdue Pharma, into personal offshore accounts while the business was under investigation for its role in stoking the opioid epidemic. Since OxyContin came on the market in 1996, more than 200,000 people in the United States have died from overdoses involving prescription opioids, and the Sacklers have become one of the country’s wealthiest families. Unicorn StampedeIf you take a Lyft this week, pay attention — does it feel any different to use the world’s first publicly traded ride-hailing platform? Perhaps not, but at least you’re both going places. The company made its market debut on Friday, hitting the Nasdaq with much fanfare at $72 a share. It finished its first day of trading at $78.29 (putting its value at more than $26.4 billion), and its Silicon Valley brethren will be closely watching its progress. A wave of other big tech start-ups — known as “unicorns” once they cross the threshold of a $1 billion dollar valuation, although these are now technically “decacorns” — plan to follow in Lyft’s footsteps later this year, including Uber (Lyft’s bigger competitor), Slack, Pinterest and Postmates. Apple Branches OutApple is turning over a new leaf — or several. The tech company plans this fall to start streaming original programming and shows from partnering networks on an app called Apple TV Plus, intended to rival Netflix and HBO. It’s also rolling out a news service that charges users $10 a month to access over 300 different publications, some of which charge subscription fees otherwise. Plus, it’s introducing more games. And — why not? — a credit card with Goldman Sachs. It’s all part of a larger plan to diversify beyond hardware products like iPhones, which haven’t been bringing in as much revenue lately. MARCH 31-APRIL 6What’s Next? From Bad to WorseWhat’s to become of Brexit? As its original deadline of March 29 came and went, Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union is a bigger mess than ever. The British Parliament rejected Prime Minister Theresa May’s last-ditch effort to pass her plan on Friday, even when she played her final bargaining chip — her own seat, which she offered to give up if opposing lawmakers would agree to the deal. That wasn’t enough. Now, Britain is lurching toward a potential “no-deal” Brexit on April 12. That could have catastrophic consequences for its economy and send shock waves through Europe and beyond. Flight FixesLook out for more definitive news about what may have caused the two deadly Boeing 737 Max plane crashes, and what Boeing and the Federal Aviation Authority plan to do about it. Investigators reached a preliminary conclusion on Thursday that a glitchy system kicked in right before the Ethiopian Airlines flight went down earlier this month. Boeing has proposed updating the software and making other changes to the planes, which have been grounded for more than two weeks. The fixes would give pilots more control over the flight system and make it less likely to be set off by faulty data. Boeing didn’t provide a timeline for carrying out the fixes, since it needs the F.A.A. — also under intense scrutiny over its certification of the jet — to give its blessing first. What’s Mine Is MineIf you’re sick of the trade war between the United States and China, imagine how the negotiators on both sides feel at this point. Chinese officials will fly back to Washington this week to continue talks, just days after American representatives visited Beijing. But the needle is moving on one major sticking point: intellectual property. American companies have complained of pressure to share their proprietary technology as a condition of working with Chinese business partners, only to see that technology adopted by Chinese competitors. As part of a trade deal, the United States wants to put a lid on this practice, and officials say that progress is finally being made. What Else?Facebook has been accused of causing housing discrimination by allowing advertisers to target ads on the platform based on characteristics like race, religion and national origin. Separately, the platform announced a ban on all white nationalist content after a New Zealand gunman used social media to post live video of his attacks on two mosques. In other news, Wow Air, an Icelandic budget airline, ceased operations with no warning on Thursday, leaving passengers stranded. And speaking of dud flights: The first all-female spacewalk was canceled when astronauts couldn’t find spacesuits to fit them at the International Space Station.Good Wednesday. Want this by email? Sign up here.Breaking down the speechIn his 82-minute address last night, President Trump cited U.S. economic growth and his efforts to keep it up, while attacking opponents in a speech that ostensibly called for unity in Washington. Here are the highlights for the business world:Mr. Trump defended his economic record. He took credit for America’s robust economic health — a key message for his 2020 re-election campaign — and assailed critiques of his administration’s efforts, including tax cuts and loosened regulations. “An economic miracle is taking place in the United States — and the only thing that can stop it are foolish wars, politics or ridiculous partisan investigations,” he said.He kept pressure on China. Mr. Trump promoted his administration’s trade battle with Beijing, saying, “We are now making it clear to China that after years of targeting our industries, and stealing our intellectual property, the theft of American jobs and wealth has come to an end.” Talks between Washington and Beijing over a compromise are continuing.And he painted his potential rivals as socialists. As Democratic presidential contenders promote policies like Medicare for all, Mr. Trump tried to paint them as peddlers of dangerous ideas. “Here in the United States, we are alarmed by new calls to adopt socialism in our country,” he said.What didn’t he talk about? “Trump’s speech was notable for what he did not mention, including the ballooning federal debt, once a centerpiece of the Republican agenda; nor did he talk about Social Security, Medicare or other entitlements,” Philip Rucker and Toluse Olorunnipa of the WaPo write. Democrats fought back. Stacey Abrams, the party’s nominee for Georgia’s governorship last year, focused on “outlining the party’s vision for lower health care costs and a more inclusive immigration policy, and pressing her case that access to the voting booth should be easier, not harder.”Goldman may shrink its onetime trading powerhouseSteep cuts could hit Goldman Sachs’s commodities arm, which once generated huge profits for the firm, Liz Hoffman of the WSJ reports, citing unnamed sources.What may happen: “Executives are discussing pulling back from trading iron ore, platinum and other metals, and are ordering cost cuts to the sprawling logistics network that handles the transport and storage of physical commodities,” Ms. Hoffman writes.The context: The business was once one of Wall Street’s most envied money makers. But such trading has suffered in recent years, thanks to changing markets and tighter regulations. And Goldman’s current C.E.O., David Solomon, cut his teeth as an investment banker and is focused on operations like lending and asset management.The symbolism: “By taking a knife to the business, Mr. Solomon is sending a message down the ranks that nothing is sacred,” Ms. Hoffman writes.Why are stocks rising on mediocre earnings?In recent weeks, several companies — including Ford, G.E., JPMorgan Chase and Wynn Resorts — have missed Wall Street forecasts, only to see their stock prices rise. It’s a classic relief rally, writes Matt Phillips of the NYT:• “Stocks of companies that have reported their results have risen by an average of 1.1 percent, the largest post-earnings jump in a decade.”• “With the Federal Reserve backing off plans to aggressively hike interest rates, more investors view the market’s downturn last year as overdone. And they are giving rousing ovations to corporate results just because they’re not as bad as they could have been.”• “Analysts said that the current tendency in the markets to see the glass as half-full reflects widespread relief among investors that a recession and a sharp slump in earnings are not in the cards any time soon.”• “Some analysts said that stocks could keep climbing as the market’s rock-bottom expectations keep getting surpassed.”• “At the same time, there is a danger that the stock market’s rise could paper over the genuine problems for the economy that are popping up in fourth-quarter results.”A peek inside Wisconsin’s disastrous deal with FoxconnWhen the Chinese electronics manufacturer Foxconn decided to set up shop in the Midwest, President Trump hailed the move as “one of the great deals ever.” But Bloomberg Businessweek, which interviewed 49 people familiar with the project, reports how badly the effort has gone.The plan was to create a high-tech manufacturing hub. It was to be led by a Mount Pleasant plant housing a large chunk of Foxconn’s LCD TV production. “As Foxconn has discovered, there is no better place to build, hire, and grow than right here in the U.S.,” Mr. Trump said at the time, promising that it would create as many as 13,000 jobs.But manufacturing hasn’t taken off. “LCD components weren’t made in the U.S.A., according to sources familiar with the operation,” Austin Carr of Businessweek writes. “They were shipped from a Foxconn factory in Tijuana. The Wisconsin plant was only handling the last steps of assembly.” He adds that “during 2018, the company tried and failed to produce its own LCD materials at scale in Wisconsin so it wouldn’t have to import them from Mexico.”Nor has pay or recruitment. “Pay at the factory started at about $14 an hour with no benefits, much less than the $23 average Foxconn promised. Many people weren’t hired full time,” Mr. Carr writes. “Last fall, the company’s hiring targets began dropping internally,” he adds, with Foxconn importing foreign staff for some roles.Tracking the biggest public company? Good luckKeeping hold of the title of most valuable American company is proving to be difficult, Stephen Grocer of the NYT writes:• “The positions of Apple, Microsoft, and Amazon have been flip-flopping since the wipeout in the iPhone maker’s stock price late last year.”• “The mantle has changed hands seven times among the three companies. Three of those switches have taken place over the past week as the big tech companies reported quarterly results.”• “The competition reflects the global economic concerns hanging over the markets as well as the changing technology landscape, and it’s a shift from past years.”Blankfein vs. Sanders over stock buybacksA bill introduced by Senators Chuck Schumer and Bernie Sanders to limit companies’ ability to buy back stock drew outrage from many in the corporate world — and tempted Goldman Sachs’s former C.E.O. Lloyd Blankfein to tweet for the first time in nearly seven months.Mr. Blankfein’s take: “A company used to be encouraged to return money to shareholders when it couldn’t reinvest in itself for a good return,” he tweeted. “The money doesn’t vanish, it gets reinvested in higher growth businesses that boost the economy and jobs. Is that bad?”Mr. Sanders’s retort: The senator shot back that a buyback, “increases the wealth of billionaires” like Mr. Blankfein. “Instead of making the very rich even richer, how about increasing wages for American workers. Is that a bad idea?”More buyback news: SoftBank of Japan plans to spend $5.5 billion of proceeds from the listing of its telecommunications arm to repurchase stock.Taxpayers paid almost $1 million a day for Trump’s Mar-a-Lago tripsThe Government Accountability Office has published a report of the president’s travel expenses, which show the cost of his visits to his Florida holiday home:• From Feb. 3 to March 5 in 2017, Mr. Trump spent portions of 14 days at the holiday home. The G.A.O. said that those trips had cost a total of $13.6 million, or just less than $1 million per day.• The costs included travel and accommodations, Secret Service expenses and bomb detection. Almost $60,000 was paid directly to Mar-a-Lago.• The Democratic senators Dianne Feinstein and Gary Peters, who requested the report, said the findings provide “a snapshot of the tens of millions of dollars President Trump spends to travel to his Palm Beach resort — all at taxpayer expense — including government funds that are paid directly to a business in which the president himself has a financial interest.”Revolving doorAngela Ahrendts will step down as Apple’s retail chief in April after a five-year run. She’ll be succeeded by Deirdre O’Brien, the company’s head of human resources.SeaWorld Entertainment said it would hire Gus Antorcha, who was most recently Carniva Cruise Line’s chief operating officer, as its new C.E.O.Goldman Sachs promoted Nick Giovanni to co-head of its global tech, media and telecom investment banking team.The speed readDeals• Reddit is reportedly raising as much as $300 million in fresh capital at a valuation of about $2.7 billion. (TechCrunch)• Tyson Foods has reportedly held talks to buy Foster Farms, a producer of chicken products, for about $2 billion. (CNBC)• Qatar Petroleum and Exxon Mobil plan to invest $10 billion in a Texas hub for exporting natural gas. (NYT)• The activist investor Edward Bramson has renewed his push for a seat on the board of Barclays. (Bloomberg)• Microsoft led a $250 million investment in Databricks, a self-professed “boring A.I.” start-up, at a $2.75 billion valuation. (Bloomberg)• Spotify has struck deals to buy Gimlet Media, the podcast production company, and Anchor, a start-up that helps people make their own podcasts. (Recode)• The E.U. has blocked a merger of the rail divisions of Siemens and Alstom, saying the deal reduced competition too much. (European Commission)Politics and policy• Imaad Zuberi, a venture capitalist and longtime Democratic donor who later gave to Republicans after the 2016 campaign, has drawn scrutiny in a federal inquiry into President Trump’s inauguration. (NYT)• Federal prosecutors are investigating foreign payments to three law and lobbying firms — Mercury Public Affairs; the Podesta Group; and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom — recruited by Paul Manafort. (NYT)• A bipartisan group of senators proposed reimposing sanctions on ZTE if the Chinese telecom company again violates U.S. laws. (CNBC)• The Trump administration has sought to shore up support for its pick to lead the World Bank, David Malpass, ahead of an expected announcement of the nomination today. (WSJ)• Mr. Trump plans to meet with Kim Jong-un of North Korea in Vietnam later this month to revive their nuclear-weapons talks. (NYT)Trade• The Chinese government says that a U.S. report on its compliance with World Trade Organization rules is incorrect. (Reuters)• The U.S. has become Britain’s top oil supplier for the first time since the Suez crisis in 1956. (FT)• U.S. soybean farmers say they don’t share President Trump’s optimism about the sale of their crops to China. (Business Insider)Tech• France ordered Apple to pay back taxes that could amount to hundreds of millions of euros. (FT)• Snap’s stock price jumped over 20 percent after disclosing record revenues — but Bloomberg warns that “not performing terrible is not the same as performing well.” (WSJ, Bloomberg Opinion)• Huawei could face a 5G ban in Canada. (Bloomberg)• China’s economic slowdown is hurting its tech start-ups. (WSJ)• Facebook has taken down 22 more pages linked to the Infowars founder Alex Jones. And here’s an antitrust argument for blocking the social network’s plan to integrate its messaging services. (Recode, NYT Op-Ed)• Tesla has again cut the price of its cheapest Model 3, this time by $1,100. (CNBC)Best of the rest• Deutsche Bank says that the German economy is inching toward recession. (Bloomberg)• Blackstone is pulling back on plans to invest billions of dollars across Africa. It has also started a fight with an Italian media mogul. (WSJ, FT)• Some central banks have gold fever, and that might actually be sensible. (Breakingviews)• Walt Disney revealed its plans for a new service to rival Netflix. And the BBC and Discovery have joined forces for a streaming service focused on wildlife shows. (WSJ, FT)• The Federal Reserve will include high unemployment in its 2019 stress test scenarios for big banks. (WSJ)• Nissan and Renault aren’t done feuding in the wake of the Carlos Ghosn scandal. (WSJ)• Business leaders should revisit their yearbooks in light of the Ralph Northam scandal. (WSJ)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you tomorrow.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com.Good Thursday. (Want this by email? Sign up here.)Brand Trump takes a beating in CongressYesterday’s testimony by Michael Cohen, President Trump’s former personal lawyer, before the House Oversight Committee was full of theatrics. But between allegations of presidential lawbreaking and racism were revelations about how the Trump Organization operated. They weren’t flattering.Mr. Trump inflated his net worth to apply for bank loans, according to Mr. Cohen. When he asked Deutsche Bank for financing to buy the Buffalo Bills, he claimed to have $4 billion in unquantified “brand value.” He also exaggerated the value of properties, according to financial statements that Mr. Cohen gave to the House.Democratic lawmakers pushed Mr. Cohen to talk about other kinds of fraud. Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, for instance, asked him whether Mr. Trump inflated the value of assets when insuring them. “Yes,” he replied.The testimony may have hurt Mr. Trump’s inner circle. Potential victims: Donald Trump Jr. and Allen Weisselberg, the Trump Organization’s C.F.O., both of whom were said to have played a role in hush-money payments to the porn star Stormy Daniels; Ivanka Trump, who was involved in plans to build a tower in Moscow; and Jay Sekulow, a White House lawyer whom Mr. Cohen accused of altering testimony to Congress.Mr. Cohen hinted that more could be revealed. He told lawmakers that he couldn’t answer questions about his last conversation with the president because it was “being investigated right now” by federal prosecutors.Mr. Trump’s woes certainly aren’t over. Five House committees are investigating his business dealings, and federal prosecutors in New York are still looking at matters that involved Mr. Cohen.The China trade deal won’t be perfectRobert Lighthizer, the president’s top trade adviser, warned lawmakers yesterday that hurdles remained to reaching a significant trade deal with China, Ana Swanson of the NYT reports:Plans to raise tariffs on Chinese goods are officially axed. Mr. Lighthizer, testifying before the House Ways and Means Committee, confirmed that the U.S. wouldn’t raise levies on $200 billion in Chinese imports after March 1.Mr. Lighthizer still plans to play hardball. He “told lawmakers that he and his negotiators are maintaining a tough line with the Chinese,” Ms. Swanson writes, “repeatedly using the word ‘if’ when talking about the potential for reaching a deal with Beijing.”And he insists that President Trump isn’t losing patience. “His instructions to me are: You have to get a great agreement. If we have no agreement, we’ll just wait until we can get a great agreement,” Mr. Lighthizer said.But success isn’t guaranteed. “Is this perfect? I’m not going to say it’s perfect,” Mr. Lighthizer said of the evolving deal. “But at least it’s leading to results where everything else didn’t.”More: The U.S. trade deficit in goods widened by 10 percent in December, despite the administration’s attempts to shrink it.Can America win the 5G race?The main topic at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, this week has been the long-hyped next generation of wireless networks, known as 5G, Adam Satariano of the NYT writes.The F.C.C.’s chairman says America is winning the race. “In my view we’re in the lead with respect to 5G,” the chairman, Ajit Pai, told the WSJ. He believes the agency is making progress in selling the necessary wireless spectrum and overhauling infrastructure.Not everyone agrees. Brent Skorup, who sits on the F.C.C.’s Broadband Deployment Advisory Committee, writes in a WSJ op-ed that “the U.S. has stumbled,” but “still has time to catch and pass China, the current leader — if the right policies are put in place on both the local and federal levels.”“A widely available, reliable 5G network will require hundreds of thousands of new transmitter sites, and on that score the U.S. trails badly,” Mr. Skorup writes. Private industry will need to collaborate with the federal government, he cautions, adding that “with a combination of responsible use of public assets and light-touch regulation of 5G services, we can still win this race.”More: Here are all the 5G handsets announced so far.No deal for the U.S. and North KoreaToday was supposed to bring a denuclearization deal between America and North Korea. Instead, officials abruptly cut short a summit meeting between President Trump and North Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un. “Sometimes you have to walk,” Mr. Trump said at a news conference today.Blame sanctions. Mr. Trump told reporters that North Korea wanted all of the punishing economic sanctions against the country lifted, but America wouldn’t cooperate unless Mr. Kim agreed to give up all of his nuclear weapons.The announcement was a surprise, in part because Mr. Trump and Mr. Kim appeared to be getting along well. At one point, Mr. Trump called his counterpart “my friend.”The collapse of the talks was “a diplomatic failure after he had hoped his second summit with Kim, following their meeting last summer in Singapore, would produce demonstrable progress toward North Korea’s denuclearization,” the WaPo reports. Mr. Trump insisted that the two countries could resume talks in the future.Theresa May’s unlikely Brexit bouncebackA week ago, the British prime minister was on the brink of resignations by cabinet officials and a crushing defeat in Parliament over her Brexit plan. Now, she has won another two weeks to tweak her agreement and convince lawmakers to back it.Mrs. May won a set of votes last night that had previously threatened to undermine her control of the Brexit process. The victory followed a partial surrender: She agreed on Tuesday to give Parliament the option of seeking to delay Britain’s exit from the E.U.“Theresa May is closer to leading Britain out of the European Union with a Brexit deal than at any other point since her negotiations with Brussels began,” Therese Raphael of Bloomberg Opinion writes. Hard-line Euroskeptic M.P.s like Jacob Rees-Mogg have softened their opposition to Mrs. May’s plans, fearing that the alternative might be remaining in the E.U.But her offer of a potential delay could fall apart. President Emmanuel Macron said France might veto such a move “without a clear understanding of the aim that’s being pursued.”More: Britain’s opposition Labour Party formally backed a new referendum on Brexit. Britain won approval to remain in a key World Trade Organization agreement. And Norway’s $1 trillion wealth fund said it would continue to invest in Britain, on the basis that its 30-year time horizon wasn’t affected by political issues like Brexit.Upset by a lower tax refund? Don’t beNews stories about Americans outraged by smaller tax refunds are everywhere. But Neil Irwin of the Upshot says the furor isn’t rooted in logic.• “The tax law that President Trump signed at the end of 2017 reduced the average American household’s 2018 average federal income tax obligation by about $1,600, according to an analysis by the Tax Policy Center.”• But it meant that many workers prepaid less tax. The average tax refund filed through mid-February was down 17 percent from the same time last year, according to the I.R.S.• A dollar today is worth more than a dollar tomorrow, Mr. Irwin notes — which means a lower initial bill is worth more than a bigger refund.• Economists remain baffled by the phenomenon of people even wanting refunds. “Why do they want to make interest-free loans to the government?” asks Richard Thaler, the Nobel-winning economist.Have we hit peak car?Car ownership is falling out of fashion — under pressure from rising prices, tightening environmental rules, ride-hailing competition and the promise of a self-driving future. In its latest cover story, Bloomberg Businessweek argues that trend could continue:• “A decade ago the auto industry predicted annual global vehicle sales would top 100 million by now, but they’ve stalled instead, falling to 94.2 million last year, down 1 million from 2017.”• “Major urban centers such as London, Madrid, and Mexico City are restricting cars’ access. Such constraints, plus the expansion of the sharing economy and the advent of the autonomous age, have made automakers nervous.”• “ ‘When you put all these trends together, you’re going to see a cap on personal vehicle ownership start to emerge,’ says Mike Ramsey, an automotive consultant with researcher Gartner Inc. ‘We are near peak car.’ ”• “Rather than signaling the end of the road for the automobile, peak car is a reflection that reurbanization and the widespread adoption of mobile apps that can summon a vehicle on demand will lessen the need for many of the 1.3 billion vehicles now on the road.”• “Automakers may talk a good game about moving metal, but increasingly they’re chasing profits expected to come from services that charge by the mile.”Too few women get legal workplace equalityA new World Bank report examined 35 indicators of legal equality in 187 countries to understand how easy it is for women to work and earn money.It rates only six countries as giving women full legal equality: Belgium, Denmark, France, Latvia, Luxembourg and Sweden. By its measures, none did so a decade ago. America isn’t even in its top 60 countries for legal environments that help promote gender parity in the workplace.That’s a problem. “Economies that failed to implement reforms toward gender equality over the past 10 years, for example, saw a smaller increase in the percentage of women working overall and in the percentage of women working relative to men,” Kristalina Georgieva, the World Bank Group’s interim president, writes.“If women have equal opportunities to reach their full potential, the world would not only be fairer, it would be more prosperous as well,” she said in a statement. “Change is happening, but not fast enough.”More: How income inequality can affect mental health.Revolving doorCBS reportedly plans to choose its next chief executive by the end of March, with the interim C.E.O., Joseph Ianniello, and Hasbro’s chief, Brian Goldner, seen as front-runners.The law firm Freshfields hired Aimen Mir, a former Treasury Department official who oversaw the American panel responsible for national security reviews of transactions, as a partner.The speed readDealsOne of Bristol-Myers Squibb’s biggest shareholders, Wellington Management, opposes its $74 billion bid for Celgene. (WSJ)Elliott Management has demanded seats on the boards of several Hyundai companies. (Bloomberg)The German pharmaceutical and chemicals company Merck bid $5.9 billion to buy Versum Materials, in the hope of breaking up a deal with a rival, Entegris. (FT)Disney is reportedly in talks to buy AT&T’s 10 percent stake in the streaming service Hulu. (Variety)KKR and Tencent Music are said to be weighing potential investments in Vivendi’s Universal Music unit. (Reuters)Politics and policyThe attorney general for the District of Columbia has subpoenaed documents from President Trump’s inaugural committee. (NYT)The House voted yesterday to require background checks for all gun buyers, the biggest gun-control bill that it has passed in 25 years. (NYT)Beto O’Rourke is reportedly close to announcing that he will run for president in 2020. (Dallas Morning News)State intervention in companies is making a comeback in Europe. (Bloomberg)TechHere are 10 breakthrough technologies that Bill Gates says will change the world. (MIT Technology Review)Could Elon Musk talk himself into a Tesla buyout? Also, look out for an announcement from the company at 5 p.m. Eastern today. (Breakingviews, Twitter)Facebook says it fired an employee who leaked internal communications about content moderation to a group accusing the company of bias against conservatives. (Verge)The F.T.C. announced a $5.7 million settlement with Musical.ly over accusations that the company’s app illegally collected children’s personal information. (NYT)Best of the restWhy are there suddenly so many $100 bills? (CNBC)As its economy sags, China is reportedly facing job losses and troubling infrastructure debt. (CNBC, WSJ)The venture capitalist Michael Moritz will sponsor the Booker Prize for the next five years. (FT)How debt makes the markets volatile. (WSJ op-ed)The stock rout at the end of 2018 reportedly wiped $1 trillion off the fortunes of the world’s richest individuals. (AP)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you tomorrow.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com.Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Here’s your weekly smorgasbord of all the tech and business news you missed, plus what you should know heading into Monday. Enjoy the beginning of baseball season if that’s your thing, or the rest of the first week of spring if it’s not.March 17-23What’s Up? Hold It Right ThereGood news for your loans: The Fed indicated Wednesday that interest-rate increases are probably off the table for the rest of the year. Now the bad news: The economy may be slowing faster than some people — like President Trump — would like to think. The central bank lowered its growth forecast to 2.1 percent, down from its 2.3 percent prediction in December — and well below the 3.2 percent that the White House envisions. Why the cool-off? The afterglow of the 2017 tax cuts has waned, the China trade war doesn’t seem to be ending anytime soon and other countries’ economies are stagnating.Safety FirstBoeing took its first major customer blow since two of its 737 Max 8 jets crashed within five months of each other. Although no one knows what exactly caused the incidents yet, Indonesia’s national airline asked on Friday to cancel an order of 49 planes, worth $4.9 billion. Boeing has been scrambling to “fix” its best-selling fleet, which is currently grounded, by standardizing extra safety features and rolling out a software update.Theresa’s MaydayEuropean Union leaders took mercy on British Prime Minister Theresa May on Thursday by granting an extension to the March 29 deadline for Britain’s withdrawal from the bloc. It comes with conditions, though. If Mrs. May can convince Parliament to accept her Brexit plan in the next week, then she’ll have until May 22 to enact it. But they’ve already rejected it twice, so that could be a nonstarter. Which brings us to plan B: Britain gets a shorter delay, until April 12, although it’s hard to believe anything could be solved by then. Plan C is that Britain could ask for even more time.March 24-30What’s Next? Your Ride Is HereReady for the next wave of hot stocks? This Friday, ride-hailing company Lyft is shooting for the biggest initial public offering the tech world has seen since 2014 (when the juggernaut Alibaba went public at $169 billion). Lyft hopes to be valued at an optimistic $23 billion, considerably more than the $15.1 billion valuation from its last private funding round. Silicon Valley will be watching closely. A number of other young tech companies are planning to follow in Lyft’s I.P.O. footsteps shortly, including Lyft’s biggest rival, Uber (whose valuation goal dwarfs Lyft’s, at $120 billion), as well as Pinterest, Slack and Postmates.A Battle on Two FrontsThe costly trade war between the United States and China shows no signs of concluding, despite Mr. Trump’s claims of progress. His delegates will travel to Beijing this week for another round of negotiations, followed by yet more talks in Washington in April. Perhaps complicating matters, Mr. Trump announced this week that he’ll probably keep high tariffs on Chinese goods in place even if an agreement is reached, just to make sure China holds up its end. Chinese President Xi Jinping will meet with European leaders soon in an attempt to keep trade relations from getting messy there, too. (None of this is helping China’s flagging economy, by the way.)More iStuffApple will unveil new products on Monday at a media event at its headquarters in Cupertino, Calif. One will be a new video streaming service that’s meant to compete with Netflix, Amazon and HBO. Another is a souped-up version of its Apple News app, which will offer a new paid tier that gives readers access to articles from participating magazines and news outlets that otherwise require a subscription. Apple is still hammering out partnerships with those publications, as many have balked at the terms it’s demanding.What Else?It was a big week for clothes. In honor of Levi Strauss & Company’s I.P.O., traders got to go wild and wear jeans on the stock exchange floor. (The company’s stock price rose 32 percent on its first day of trading.) Also improving wardrobes as well as the bottom line: Rent the Runway, which allows women to rent and return designer items, is now valued at $1 billion after its latest round of funding. And Instagram is rolling out a new feature that will make it even easier to shop straight from your feed without leaving the app (or your bed).Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Welcome to a quick catch-up on this week’s news in business and tech, so you can sound smart and well-read on Monday even if you spent most of your weekend scrolling through strangely cute pictures of vermin. Here’s your cheat sheet. FEB. 24-MarCH 2What’s Up? Through the MudIf you didn’t spend your Wednesday glued to the riveting testimony of Michael Cohen, President Trump’s former lawyer and fixer, you’ve no doubt heard the more salacious details by now (hush money to a porn star, etc.). But Mr. Cohen also made new accusations about his former client’s business practices. He said that Mr. Trump inflated his net worth to qualify for bigger bank loans, misrepresented the value of properties to avoid taxes and exaggerated the value of his assets when insuring them — in other words, committed fraud. Those revelations could pose problems not only for Mr. Trump, but also for his inner circle, including his daughter Ivanka Trump and son Donald Trump Jr. Just Can’t Help HimselfTesla’s chief executive, Elon Musk, went rogue on Twitter — again. The Securities and Exchange Commission wants to hold him in contempt of court for tweeting about production forecasts last week, which violated the terms of a settlement he made with the agency last year. (The S.E.C. sued him over misleading Twitter posts about taking his company private, and his legal team is now supposed to review any tweets with material information before he sends them — which didn’t happen, in this case.) In related news, Tesla is finally taking orders for the long-promised $35,000 version of its Model 3 sedan. But it had to cut significant costs in other areas — like in its work force — to do so. A Breakup at the MallHopefully, they can still be friends. Gap Inc. said on Thursday that it would split into two companies, one that’s just Old Navy — the star moneymaker — and the other containing Gap, Banana Republic, and the newer labels Athleta and Hill City. Gap the brand has been dragging down Gap the company for quite some time (its sales fell 5 percent last year) while Old Navy has grown like gangbusters and can now proceed unfettered. So what’s Gap doing wrong? Analysts say it failed to hold onto the baby boomers who loved its turtlenecks and jeans in the ’90s, while millennials are turning to cheaper options — and Old Navy has the better deals. MARCH 3-9What’s Next? Is It Over Yet?American farmers are bearing the brunt of the China trade war, defaulting on their loans at the highest rate in nine years. But Mr. Trump has said he’s anticipating “some very big news over the next week or two” about a deal. Last Friday was supposed to be the hard deadline for an agreement between the two governments, or else Mr. Trump would raise tariffs on Beijing to more punitive levels. But the administration backed off its big-stick posturing last week, dropping the deadline in light of “significant progress” in negotiations. Mr. Trump’s advisers were more cautiously optimistic about striking a deal, while many members of Congress remain skeptical of its terms. Up and AwayWhat better name for a new spacecraft than “Crew Dragon”? NASA and SpaceX are sending the capsule on its maiden voyage to the International Space Station this week. No humans are aboard this test flight, but ultimately the Crew Dragon is intended to carry astronauts — making it the first passenger-friendly ship that NASA has launched since the Atlantis space shuttle completed its final mission in 2011. Since then, NASA has had to buy rides to the International Space Station aboard Russian spacecraft, an arrangement that the Crew Dragon is expected to end. Art With a Mind of Its OwnIt looks weird, and it should — it’s artwork “curated” by artificial intelligence, and it will be the first of its medium sold at auction this Wednesday at Sotheby’s. Created by the artist Mario Klingemann, the installation consists of two framed screens that use neural networks to “think” for themselves, shifting into an endless stream of (rather creepy) portraits that the machine “imagines” in real time. No two faces that it depicts are alike, so every viewer gets a unique show. The piece is expected to fetch up to $52,000 — and perhaps whet the art market’s appetite for more of its kind. What Else?HBO’s chief executive, Richard Plepler, who ushered in a heyday for cable with shows like “The Sopranos” and “Sex and the City,” abruptly stepped down after 27 years at the network. Millions of people in Uganda have quit the internet after the government imposed taxes on the use of social media platforms like Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter. Walmart is doing away with its greeters — those people in blue vests who stand at the store entrance and seem way too happy to see you — which may put many employees with disabilities out of a job. And a new report showed that economic growth in the United States is not as peppy as some people (including Mr. Trump) predicted, as the effects of tax cuts and other economic stimuli fade.Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Welcome to your quick and painless summary of tech and business news. You don’t need reminding that it’s the shortest weekend of the year; make the most of it.MARCH 3-9What’s Up? Pull Up a Digital ChairFacebook, the platform known for sharing your personal information with the world whether you like it or not, is going for a more discreet vibe these days. The company’s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, wants to nudge users toward “private” messaging and away from blasting their networks with status updates, a trend he says is already underway. He likened his new vision, which will integrate other Facebook-owned platforms like Instagram and WhatsApp, to a “digital living room” where people can have intimate discussions secure from outsiders. (He emphasized the term “encrypted.”) It’s unclear how this pivot will affect Facebook’s business model, and critics have pointed out the obvious paradox of a company known for playing fast and loose with users’ data suddenly espousing privacy protection.Still Hiring, but BarelyYet another sign that the country’s economy may be cooling: February’s disappointing jobs numbers. Only 20,000 new jobs were added, far less than the 175,000 that analysts had predicted. It’s the weakest report since September 2017, but on the upside, it still marks the 101st consecutive month of growth. Wall Street got good news this past week as regulators eased their oversight of the nation’s biggest banks. The policy shift is part of the Trump administration’s promise to call off the watchdogs put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, rules that the financial industry has criticized as hampering economic growth. While these rollbacks may help stoke markets, they could also lead to a less transparent financial system — and a repeat of past mistakes. Out of the KitchenGo back to enjoying your pasta: The Italian food impresario Mario Batali has formally exited his dining empire. More than a year after multiple women accused him of sexual harassment and assault, he “will no longer profit from the restaurants in any way, shape or form,” said Tanya Bastianich Manuali, who will run the remaining 16 establishments in Mr. Batali’s former portfolio. She and her brother, Mr. Batali’s erstwhile business partner Joe Bastianich, bought the disgraced chef’s shares in the Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group for an undisclosed sum. Mr. Batali will also hand over the keys to Eataly, the chain of Italian food emporiums. MARCH 10-16What’s Next? Tesla Thinks BiggerIf you’ve been holding out for a Tesla that can fit your family and Elon Musk’s ego, the automaker will unveil its new crossover S.U.V., the Model Y, at the company’s Los Angeles design studio this week. Mr. Musk, the chief executive, said that the Model Y will be about 10 percent roomier than the Model 3 sedan, have slightly less battery range and come at a higher price. Tesla could certainly use the revenue boost. In its effort to sell the Model 3 for a long-promised $35,000, it’s had to lay off workers, close showrooms and cut other costs — moves that have battered its stock price. Eyes on 2020Wondering what the growing crowd of presidential candidates will be talking about this coming week, in addition to the country’s new record-high trade deficit? Well, President Trump is expected to deliver his budget proposal for 2020 this Monday, about a month late because of the government shutdown earlier this year. Lower tax revenue and increased government spending have driven up annual budget deficits, which now are expected to exceed $1 trillion starting in 2022, according to the Congressional Budget Office. But Mr. Trump is likely to play down those numbers and focus on spending cuts instead. A Reckoning for BrexitIt’s understandable if you’ve been ignoring the Brexit commotion; all that back-and-forth was getting tedious. But now is the time to start paying attention, as talks come down to the wire. Britain’s House of Commons will vote on the latest version of Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit plan this Tuesday. If it is rejected — as it probably will be — then Parliament will vote on whether to leave the European Union without a deal or to delay Britain’s departure beyond the original March 29 deadline. Either way, the path doesn’t look smooth, and the European Central Bank is bracing itself. On Thursday, it abruptly reversed course and revived its stimulus measures.What Else?Uber will not be held criminally liable for the death of a woman who was hit by a self-driving test car in Arizona last year, although its safety driver — who was sitting in the driver’s seat at the time of the accident — still could face charges. In other news, a new cosmetics deal has made Kylie Jenner, at 21 years old, the world’s youngest “self-made” billionaire (the “self-made” label is up for debate, but hey, the money’s real). Perhaps she’ll buy this Bugatti, which set a record last week as the world’s most expensive car at $19 million.LONDON — Whitney Bromberg Hawkings never wanted to be a florist.“I still don’t dream of being a florist,” said the 44-year-old former communications director at Tom Ford. Yet there she was, sitting behind a big bunch of yellow parrot tulips at the headquarters of Flowerbx, her company in north London.Flowerbx, now four years old, has become the go-to florist in Europe for the fashion set — a consumer base that is as picky as it is needy when it comes to blooms. Louis Vuitton is Flowerbx’s biggest customer. (The sumptuous vegetal garlands for a V.I.P. client dinner last fall in the Orangerie at Versailles were Flowerbx work.) Another regular client is Dior. Ditto the Birley Group, owner of the clubs Annabel’s and Harry’s Bar. The River Café. Jimmy Choo. Tory Burch (in London and Paris). The Cheval Blanc hotel in Courchevel, France. Farfetch and the retailer Browns. Victoria and David Beckham have vase arrangements delivered weekly to their home and to the VB design studio.For Paris Fashion Week, Ms. Hawkings has been booked to decorate the Balmain post-show party and the Sonia Rykiel showroom. She is readying a small shop next to the Chiltern Firehouse hotel in London that she hopes to open in April. And in May, she plans to expand to New York. Her ambition: for Flowerbx to become the first international flower brand.Ms. Hawkings grew up in Dallas. Her mother was a chef and her father was a lawyer; neither was a gardener, so flowers didn’t have a regular presence in their home. At 23, freshly graduated from Columbia University with a degree in French literature, Ms. Hawkings landed a job in Paris as Mr. Ford’s personal assistant at Gucci, where he was creative director at the time. She quickly learned that flowers were vital to fashion: part of the “language,” she said.“With Tom, there was such a clear directive,” she said. “He would get so mad if he said, ‘I want to send white peonies,’ and they were yellow. I realized that there was this level of interpretation that florists have which I didn’t like.”She also realized that when Mr. Ford received flowers from fashion people, the bouquets were often a single variety, reflecting the sender’s taste. “Riccardo Tisci would send white roses,” she said. “Miuccia Prada would send pink roses. Karl Lagerfeld would send white orchids. Or I’d go to a chic house, like Tom’s, and there would be beautiful green hydrangeas in a vase, and that was it.” “I thought: ‘How come the fashion world does this, and the rest of the world hasn’t caught on? Why does everyone else have old-fashioned mixed arrangements that are so Dorchester hotel?’ It didn’t seem modern to me.”In May 2015, she began to think about what would happen if she treated flowers like a fashion brand. With varieties chosen by a creative department and a sharp logo (designed by her husband, Peter Hawkings, the senior vice president for Tom Ford men’s wear). She could democratize flowers and turn a mossy business into something hip and cool, and more affordable.“Usually, flowers go to a wholesale market like Covent Garden, where they sit for three or four days, then to a florist, where they sit a few more days,” Ms. Hawkings said. At each step, the price increases. Not so with Flowerbx. “You order the flowers, we cut them on your behalf in Holland,” she said. “They are delivered directly to you, within 24 hours. You buy the flowers before we buy them, so it’s a negative capital business. We offer fresher flowers at a better value. And we have no waste.”At first, she wanted to call the company Flowerbox because that is how the blooms would be packaged when they arrived at a customer’s door. But she couldn’t get rights to the web domain worldwide. “Then I said, ‘What if we just lose the ‘o’ in box? Like Spanx?’”She wrote a business plan, found a small warehouse — “a bike shed, really” — in the industrial neighborhood of North Acton, with easy access to central London. She leased a van, put up a website and financed the entire enterprise herself.In May 2016, she told Mr. Ford she was leaving after 19 years. “He cried, and I cried, and it was like the hardest breakup,” Ms. Hawkings recalled. But he became one of her early, and biggest, clients.“I let her do seasonal, big and tall — often branches, or pale Cymbidium orchids, since she knows my flower tastes,” Mr. Ford said. He also gives Flowerbx annual subscriptions to friends and colleagues. “And everyone says the flowers are always beautiful,” he said. “Whitney spent so many years battling with florists to get orders right for me. She knows.”She introduced the company that September by sending bouquets to 20 friends, like Alexandra Shulman, who then was editor of British Vogue; Elizabeth Saltzman, a Vanity Fair contributing editor; and Graham Norton, the British television talk show host. Some posted images of their Flowerbx bouquets on Instagram; Mr. Norton posted on Twitter about his delivery and the Flowerbx website had 150,000 hits the same day. Two weeks later, Ms. Saltzman called Ms. Hawkings and told her, “Michael Kors wants you to do the whole River Café in peonies.”“I was like, ‘Holy cow, I can meet my annual target with this one event!’” Ms. Hawkings said. Within six months, business soared. She needed another van. She needed more staff members. She couldn’t run the business and answer all the customer service calls. She needed money. She called Natalie Massenet, the founder of Net-a-Porter, who now runs a venture capital fund called Imaginary. Ms. Massenet had been one of Flowerbx’s first customers and had told her: “‘The second you need to raise money, let me know,’” Ms. Hawkings said. It was time.Ms. Massenet not only made a personal investment, she also introduced Ms. Hawkings to Mark Sebba, the former chief executive of Net-a-Porter. He, too, invested — giving the business a solid financial base — and also became Flowerbx’s chairman and Ms. Hawkings’s taskmaster. “He was like, ‘Your numbers aren’t right.’ ‘The meeting minutes aren’t right.’ He got us on track,” Ms. Hawkings said. “When we raised capital the second time, people said: ‘This is so sophisticated. You look like a business that’s 10 times your size.’” Mr. Sebba died from a heart attack last summer. His role hasn’t been filled, but in December Ms. Hawkings completed a fund-raising effort that pulled in $5.5 million.Last year, Flowerbx did $2.5 million in sales, Ms. Hawkings said. This year, she is aiming to top $6 million. If all goes according to her plan, by 2021, she’ll reach $30 million, and turn a profit. To achieve that, she has to expand her customer base beyond the fashion sphere, a shift that’s already happening.“A woman called this week,” Ms. Hawkings said during our discussion in late January. “They’re doing this huge thing at the Centre Pompidou in Paris and want us to handle the flowers.” Who were “they?”Knorr, the soup company.Michael D. Cohen, President Trump’s former lawyer and fixer, met last month with federal prosecutors in Manhattan, offering information about possible irregularities within the president’s family business and about a donor to the inaugural committee, according to people familiar with the matter.Mr. Cohen, who worked at the Trump Organization for a decade, spoke with the prosecutors about insurance claims the company had filed over the years, said the people, who did not elaborate on the nature of the possible irregularities.While it was not clear whether the prosecutors found Mr. Cohen’s information credible and whether they intended to pursue it, the meeting suggests that they are interested in broader aspects of the Trump Organization, beyond their investigation into the company’s role in the hush money payments made before the 2016 election to women claiming to have had affairs with Mr. Trump. Mr. Cohen pleaded guilty last summer to arranging those payments.The prosecutors also questioned Mr. Cohen about a donor to the president’s inaugural committee, Imaad Zuberi, a California venture capitalist and political fund-raiser, according to the people familiar with the matter, who were not authorized to discuss the confidential meeting. Around the time that Mr. Zuberi contributed $900,000 to the committee, he also tried to hire Mr. Cohen as a consultant and wrote him a substantial check, one of the people said.Although Mr. Cohen did not go through with the arrangement, he was building a consulting business at the time with clients who sought to understand and have access to the Trump administration.A spokesman for Mr. Zuberi, Steve Rabinowitz, confirmed the check on Friday, saying it was for $100,000 and never cashed. Mr. Zuberi, the only person directly referenced in a recent subpoena the prosecutors sent the inaugural committee, had previously denied having any dealings with Mr. Cohen beyond a few conversations.There was no indication that Mr. Cohen, who is scheduled to begin serving a three-year prison sentence in May, implicated Mr. Trump in the possible irregularities discussed during the meeting last month. If prosecutors concluded that Mr. Cohen’s information was truthful and valuable, they could ask the judge who sentenced him to reduce his prison term.The White House referred questions to the Trump Organization. A spokeswoman at the company did not respond to requests for comment. In the past, the president has accused Mr. Cohen of lying to try to reduce his sentence.Lanny Davis, a lawyer and adviser to Mr. Cohen, would not comment on the investigations beyond saying that his client was “interested in cooperating with and assisting” the prosecutors “in any way they believe is helpful.”A spokesman for the United States attorney’s office in Manhattan, known as the Southern District of New York, declined to comment.The prosecutors recently sought to interview Trump Organization executives, according to a person briefed on the request, which was previously reported by CNN. The nature of the questions they were seeking to ask was not known.So far, Mr. Cohen is the only person sentenced to significant prison time in various investigations connected to Mr. Trump.In August, Mr. Cohen pleaded guilty to breaking campaign finance laws for his role in the hush money payments, as well as tax and bank crimes. In a separate case brought by Robert S. Mueller III, the special counsel, Mr. Cohen pleaded guilty in November to lying to Congress about the timing of negotiations to build a Trump skyscraper in Moscow, and about the extent of Mr. Trump’s involvement in the plans.In a memo to the court before he was sentenced in December, Mr. Cohen’s lawyers wrote that he was being disproportionately punished for “conduct that is routinely pursued through noncriminal enforcement,” referring to his admission of tax evasion. His lawyers drew a comparison to celebrities who received either fines or far less time after being charged with extensive tax fraud.The session with the Southern District prosecutors was not the first time Mr. Cohen provided information that could possibly lead to a reduced sentence. Earlier, Mr. Cohen met twice with the prosecutors to assist their investigation of the payments to women, including the Trump Organization’s decision to reimburse Mr. Cohen for $130,000 he paid to the pornographic film actress Stormy Daniels.In an interview in December, Mr. Cohen told George Stephanopoulos of ABC News that he was “done with the lying.” He went on: “I am done being loyal to President Trump, and my first loyalty belongs to my wife, my daughter, my son and this country.Federal law allows prosecutors to seek — and a judge to grant — a reduced prison term for a defendant who offers “substantial assistance in investigating or prosecuting another person” within a year of being sentenced. The same rule would also allow the judge to consider assistance Mr. Cohen provided, before his sentencing, to the special counsel. Last year, he met seven times with prosecutors from Mr. Mueller’s office.The continued scrutiny of the Trump family business and inaugural committee from the Southern District comes as Mr. Mueller is said to be wrapping up his investigation. Once he completes a report with his findings, various aspects of his investigation are expected to live on in the Southern District and other United States attorneys offices.Mr. Cohen declined to seek a formal cooperation deal with the Southern District, which would have required him to disclose any crimes he had committed or had been aware of, and would have delayed his sentencing. His decision to forgo such an agreement most likely contributed to the severity of his sentence; his lawyer had argued for no prison time.Mr. Trump had offered a different view, saying late last year that Mr. Cohen should serve a “full and complete” prison sentence. And as Mr. Cohen remained in the spotlight as a likely witness before Congress, Mr. Trump intensified his attacks on his former employee, urging prosecutors and the media to scrutinize Mr. Cohen’s family.The attacks led Mr. Cohen to postpone a planned appearance before the House oversight committee earlier this month. But this week, the committee announced that the testimony was back on for next Wednesday and that Democrats planned to question Mr. Cohen about “the president’s business practices.”Mr. Cohen has also agreed to testify behind closed doors before the House and Senate Intelligence Committees.Mr. Cohen was originally scheduled to begin his prison term next month, but his lawyers cited the congressional testimony — as well as recent shoulder surgery — as a reason for a two-month delay. The judge overseeing Mr. Cohen’s case granted the request on Wednesday.WASHINGTON — The U.S. Chamber of Commerce took a close look at its congressional report card and gave itself a failing grade.After 40 years, the chamber, a powerful business organization, decided its method of rating and endorsing members of Congress was out of whack and could be contributing to the very gridlock it was hoping to break.Now the group, hoping to stir some bipartisanship on Capitol Hill, is overhauling its scoring system in hope of broadening its congressional base and rewarding those who reach across the aisle. It is a significant shift and represents the chamber’s recognition that a better functioning government might better serve its own interests — and its members — than persistent stalemate of the type that just caused a government shutdown, the longest on record.“We are going to give it a chance,” said Scott W. Reed, the chamber’s senior political strategist. “We are going to reach out our hand. We made a strategic decision that we have to change this.”The chamber’s decision also reflects how factions of the Republican Party — including President Trump himself — have moved away from traditional core positions of big business on issues like immigration, free trade and government programs that help its industry, such as the Export-Import Bank. The chamber strongly opposed the shutdown and called on Congress to adopt an immigration overhaul and end the impasse.The chamber is not the only conservative, business-allied organization that says it wants to encourage more bipartisan solutions. Bolstered by the success of criminal justice legislation passed last year with strong support from both parties, leaders of the political network directed by the billionaire brothers Charles G. and David H. Koch say they intend to focus more on building similar coalitions to take on stubborn issues.“This is the next major evolution of the Koch network,” said James Davis, a spokesman for the Koch group.Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, was not persuaded by the better governance pitch.“That’s a good instinct, but color me skeptical,” said Mr. Schumer, noting that the network continues to support divisive political candidates. “It seems that still the highest priority is to help the rich and powerful no matter how divisive it is.”Given its rightward bent, the chamber has always been more closely aligned with Republicans, though it typically tried to identify some Democrats it could get behind to demonstrate it was receptive to both parties.But in recent years, the chamber has come to support Republicans almost exclusively. The watchdog group Public Citizen found that in 2016, the chamber devoted all of its campaign money — nearly $30 million — to Republican candidates in primary and general elections, making it one of the largest outside players in congressional races.The numbers of more moderate Democrats have been decreasing as the party moved left. But even centrist Democrats who consider themselves business friendly found it increasingly hard to meet the standard for an endorsement from the chamber, which can translate into dollars, campaign support and trickle-down backing from businesses back home. The unlikelihood of winning the group’s support discouraged some Democrats who might have welcomed it from even trying to do so.The chamber endorsed 38 Democrats in 2008, but that number steadily declined to single digits until the group backed just five in 2016. The number ticked up to seven last year as the chamber stepped up its efforts to find Democrats it could back. In contrast, the chamber endorsed 191 Republicans in 2018, a not atypical number.The sharp imbalance prompted a rethinking at the chamber, where officials attribute part of the problem to the shifting dynamics of Congress. Compared to past years, there are fewer votes in the House and Senate, and the ones that occur are often tests of party loyalty, providing few opportunities for lawmakers to demonstrate independence.“It used to be a little easier to get votes on policies,” said Neil Bradley, an executive vice president at the chamber and a former top Republican leadership adviser on Capitol Hill. “We had a lot more open amendment process. There were opportunities for folks to demonstrate where they supported the business community. We are down in both bodies to binary choices that largely fall along partisan lines.”As a result, he and Mr. Reed decided the old system of basing endorsements solely on a willingness to vote the chamber position at least 70 percent of the time was not giving lawmakers credit for other bipartisan activity.Under the new approach, selected roll call votes will represent 80 percent of the total rating. But 10 percent will now be based on the number of chamber-endorsed bills that a lawmaker sponsors as well as the number of chamber-opposed bills a lawmaker doesn’t back even if the bills never get a vote. The final 10 percent will be based on a “bipartisan engagement score” that will be determined by the share of bills co-sponsored by a member that were introduced by someone in the opposite party.The chamber officials say the change will give lawmakers interested in showing bipartisanship and a pro-business sensibility a stronger chance to do so. “Now 20 percent of your score is totally within your control, what you decide to co-sponsor, what you decide not to co-sponsor,” Mr. Bradley said. “It is not up to leadership.”In developing the new approach, chamber officials consulted with Representative Josh Gottheimer of New Jersey, one of seven Democrats the chamber backed in the last election cycle. Mr. Gottheimer is also a leader of the bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus, which successfully lobbied Speaker Nancy Pelosi for new rules intended to promote more bipartisanship. He said he hoped the chamber’s scorecard switch builds on that effort and spurs more attempts by Republicans and Democrats to work together.“It is constructive,” said Mr. Gottheimer, whom the chamber endorsed at a July 2018 event in his district, which drew news coverage of chamber leaders praising his record and legislative approach. “We need to find ways to promote bipartisan governing.”In a demonstration of its new thinking, the chamber placed digital advertisements last Thursday in the districts of 20 House members — 10 Republicans, 10 Democrats — commending all of them for crossing party lines in an attempt to end the shutdown.The effect of the new initiatives, if any, will take some time to assess, and the partisanship may already run too deep to correct. But the chamber sees its new scorecard as one way to try to encourage more lawmakers looking for consensus to meet in the middle.Wendy MacNaughton is a graphic journalist based in San Francisco. You can find her via website and Instagram.Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Are you a Valentine’s Day person? If not, welcome to a growing club of detractors. Only 51 percent of Americans plan to celebrate the “holiday” in 2019, according to the National Retail Federation, marking a 12-year downward trend. But if you are an observer, how nice — for your loved ones. Retailers are expecting you to spend a record amount on presents this season (an average of $161.96, up 13 percent from 2018). At least you die-hard romantics are making up for the rest of us. Speaking of gifts, here’s mine to you: All you need to know about the latest business and tech news, gathered into one email that’ll set you up for the week ahead. Chocolates sold separately.FEB. 3-9What’s Up? Nothing to Hide HereJeff Bezos, Amazon’s chief executive and the wealthiest man in the world, accused the owner of The National Enquirer on Thursday of attempting to extort and blackmail him by using racy photos that Mr. Bezos had texted with his girlfriend, the former television host Lauren Sanchez. In a candid blog post, Mr. Bezos pasted emails from the tabloid’s representatives who threatened to release the images if he did not stop investigating how they had obtained his texts. “Of course I don’t want personal photos published, but I also won’t participate in their well-known practice of blackmail, political favors, political attacks and corruption,” Mr. Bezos wrote. Borrowers BewareIf you’ve ever considered going into crippling debt, the government just made it easier to do so. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau said on Wednesday that it planned to eliminate Obama-era rules that protect consumers from taking on bigger loans than they can handle. Under the proposal, lenders would be able to grant high-interest payday loans (short-term loans intended to tide people over until their next paycheck) without making sure consumers can actually pay them off. And those lenders would be allowed to do so repeatedly, contributing to a cycle where borrowers spin into ballooning debt. The agency said its policy would give people more access to credit. But critics say it will help predatory lenders take advantage of people who already can’t make ends meet. A Green New UtopiaIt’s not just your imagination — the past five years have been the hottest on record in Earth’s history, according to data from NASA. The report set the stage for liberal Democrats to unveil their Green New Deal on Thursday, a proposal for sweeping changes that would make the United States carbon neutral by 2030 and create millions of “green jobs” in the process. The measure was drafted by Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York and Senator Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts, and it won’t go anywhere for now — Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California has no plans to bring it for a vote. Either way, it’s a bold rallying cry, and may gain steam going into the 2020 elections. FEB. 10-16What’s Next? Another Shutdown CountdownAs the economy recovers from the government’s longest shutdown in history (and will be recuperating for some time), Congress is working to prevent another one starting after midnight on Friday. That’s the deadline for Mr. Trump to strike an agreement with lawmakers on a new spending bill that will keep the lights on at federal agencies. Mr. Trump continues to insist on funding for a border wall, but is showing some signs of willingness to compromise. Speaker Pelosi says she’s aiming for “good news in a short period of time.” New (Lunar) Year, Same Trade WarAre you sick of hearing about the costly trade dispute between the United States and China? Me, too. But this week could be the beginning of the end of it — or, at least Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin seems to hope so. He’s traveling to Beijing with other American officials to continue talks that started in Washington in January. If the two sides can’t hammer out a resolution before March 2, the Trump administration will raise punishing tariffs on Chinese goods, hurting businesses and consumers in both countries (and others). For his own part, Mr. Trump said it was unlikely that he would sit down with President Xi Jinping of China before the deadline. London FogThe monetary repercussions of Britain’s chaotic withdrawal from the European Union keep piling up. Last year, the country experienced its slowest economic growth in a decade, according to a new report from the Bank of England that, predictably, attributed the slump to the “fog of Brexit.” Those clouds will probably stick around this week as Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain continues her dogged efforts to patch up the tattered proposal. European leaders said they wouldn’t renegotiate the deal, but now they’re vaguely open to “talks.” Of course, the major sticking point — the border between the Irelands — remains part of the plan, so you can guess how those discussions will go. What Else?Data from pharmacies in different neighborhoods shows that rich people buy different prescription drugs than poor ones. Apple has fixed the glitch that allowed people to eavesdrop on each other’s FaceTime calls and thanked the 14-year-old who discovered it by offering to pay for his education. Instacart, which offers delivery services through an app, backed off its policy to count customers’ tips toward its workers’ minimum wages — a victory for members of the gig economy. And finally, Carlos Ghosn, the disgraced former chairman of the automaker Renault, may have spent 50,000 euros (about $57,000) on his own lavish wedding at the Palace of Versailles in 2016. You’ve got to hand it to him — it looks like a great party.PARIS — Who wears a tiara these days? Well, royalty, and brides, some debutantes and genuine aristocrats, actual or aspiring.And then there’s the Chinese business owner who wanted to impress her staff. “She ordered a significant tiara to wear from time to time in business occasions, in front of a few hundred guys who were her sales people. Like an empress,” said Jean-Marc Mansvelt, chief executive of the French jewelry house Chaumet. "When you appear in front of a crowd you have to really wow them.”He should know. Chaumet has been making tiaras for more than 200 years — the earliest existing documentation is for one made in 1811 — and it has models of some 3,000 examples in the archives. The house gained prominence in tiara territory when the Empress Joséphine commissioned hers from the house; soon all nobility was doing the same.Joséphine’s husband, Napoleon, was, according to Mr. Mansvelt, a “marketing genius. He needed to legitimize his power” and one way of doing so was “using the symbols, the emblems, of history, of ancient Greece and Rome.” Consider Caesar, his head encircled in a wreath of laurel leaves.Mr. Mansvelt is perfectly happy to discuss the history of the tiara: In France, they fell out of favor during the revolution; lost, he noted, “along with the heads that wore them.”But then came the First Empire. The women in Jacques-Louis David’s famous painting of Napoleon’s consecration in 1804 wore tiaras.As time passed, tiaras became lighter (“more of a question of look and fashion,” Mr. Mansvelt said) and, by the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th century, had transformed into the aigrette, the sort of hair ornament Daisy Buchanan would wear, with a feather popping up in the front.Then the tiara almost disappeared, whether thanks to the vagaries of fashion or the Depression or the wars or all of the above. But in the last few years, Mr. Mansvelt said, demand has started to rise again.“Many people today are trying to find references in the past, looking for tradition,” he said. “They want a part of the ‘art of France,’ the way of living in France,” that famous art de vivre.Of course, the tiara remains a show — and a showing off — of wealth. And it takes a lot: at Chaumet, a simple tiara might cost around 300,000 euros ($340,835), and the price can rise quickly and steeply into the millions. But to maximize the use of such an investment, a tiara can be designed to be transformable (an enduring approach in haute joaillerie), with removable parts that can be worn as, say, a necklace or brooch.Yet there’s another aspect of the special order today: The allure of the experience, the rising appeal of memories over material goods that is changing the face of modern retail and marketing. “Some very rich people just want to order a tiara for the pleasure of the creative process,” Mr. Mansvelt said, adding that they can be present from the first discussion, through sketches, stone selection, mock-up and fittings. The process can take as long as 18 months.Chaumet produces about 10 tiaras a year, usually three for its high jewelry line and the rest for special orders. Often, Mr. Mansvelt said, the customers are parents ordering for their daughter’s nuptials — but one father was really planning ahead; he ordered a tiara for his daughter’s wedding although she was still a baby.At the jewelry house’s headquarters, an 18th-century mansion on the Place Vendôme, there is a room lined with dozens of tiara prototypes made in maillechort, a metal alloy, and hand-painted to replicate gemstones. “People come here and they look at the mock-ups,” Mr. Mansvelt said. “It gets the conversation started.”Sometimes customers arrive with a fixed idea. One woman, he said, “placed a special order for a tiara featuring a specific color green of gemstone because her feng shui master had told her she needed that color in her life,” Mr. Mansvelt said. “It can take months, years, to find colored stones that match.”For that order, eight large tourmalines, in an almost milky green, were eventually located.All the fabrication is done by hand, in the workshop. But as Chaumet’s business is thriving, the company is moving its business offices this month to new quarters on the Boulevard Hausmann. The shift is intended to free space for the Vendôme workshop, which now has 14 artisans squeezed into tight quarters at heavy wooden work stations equipped with tools that haven’t changed much since the Renaissance.On one sunny February morning three tiaras were being worked on: two for the high jewelry collections, another for a special order. The workshop manager Benoît Verhulle (his official title: XIIIeme Chef d’atelier maitre-artisan en métier d’art) explained a small part of the process.After showing a visitor a drawing of the tiara to be made, Mr. Verhulle pulled a thin but heavy sheet of white gold from a drawer and then displayed some slender pieces that had already been cut by hand, with a saw, from a similar sheet. “We give life to the metal,” he said.Mr. Verhulle handed one of the metal pieces to Arthur (like most luxury companies, Chaumet will not provide the surnames of its workers), a young jeweler who has already had experience at Van Cleef & Arpels, Cartier and Chanel. Using a fine-point marking pen, Arthur drew black dots on the metal to show where the diamonds would be fixed.There is an elaborate sequence of drilling holes for the gems and the repeated polishing of the holes by Clarisse, who uses a series of threads, rubbed with abrasive pastes, and finally buffs the entire piece with an instrument that looks like a shoeshine machine. There’s also gem selection and placement of the gems, and final finishing work. After a while, it’s clear why it can take more than a year to create each piece.Forget the adage that a woman’s crowning glory is her hair. It’s her tiara.PRAGUE — Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis said on Wednesday he had proposed Karel Havlicek, the head of a small business association and deputy chief of government science and research council, as the new industry minister.He will replace Marta Novakova, who was an ally of pro-Chinese and pro-Russian President Milos Zeman. Novakova said earlier on Wednesday that Babis had decided to replace her.Among the main tasks for the ministry is regulation of the energy and telecoms markets and preparing a project to build a new nuclear power station.Babis said he was also proposing lawyer Vladimir Kremlik, who has worked for the government, as new transport minister to replace Dan Tok, who resigned. (Reporting by Jan Lopatka; Editing by Jason Hovet)It’s been four years since Anna and Matthew broke up, and the charge between them is unmistakable. Meeting in a coffee shop downtown, they are intimate, teasing, comfortable, prickly — people who were once passionately bound and maybe thought they always would be.In their fractious moments, you can see why the relationship imploded. Still, these two are each other’s one who got away.Directed by Knud Adams for Blockchain Theater Project, Sofia Alvarez’s “Nylon” — evidently a response, at least in part, to Ibsen’s “A Doll’s House” — is so simmeringly alive in its opening scene that we invest in these characters immediately. Anna (Sheila Vand) is a magazine editor who fled New York for London after they split up, then too swiftly married someone there. Matthew (the excellent Cesar J. Rosado) is a onetime musician who now makes rooftop gardens — a stable and lucrative occupation as he sees it, but evidence of failure in her eyes.[What’s new onstage and off: Sign up for our Theater Update newsletter]She is in town for a conference, and when they retire to her hotel room to talk some more, they arrive at the aching topic that has been on both their minds — Emma, the daughter they gave up as a newborn to be raised by the mother of a friend. They were in their 20s when Anna had her, and it was her choice not to keep the child. She has been running from that decision, and hating herself for it, ever since.This is where the play gets unwieldy, too shakily traversing the emotional terrain. Matthew wants to get Emma back; Anna is desperate to stop him. When she pays a visit to Marisol (Maggie Bofill), who has raised the little girl, an unintended flatness creeps in, and it is not Ms. Bofill’s doing that Marisol seems thinly imagined.At home in London with Colin (Brian Miskell), her husband, we see that Anna has traded one suffocating domestic setup for another, this time without the passion. Colin, whom Anna describes, with a bizarre lack of detail, as “a civil servant,” is essentially Ibsen’s Torvald Helmer in contemporary British drag.Anna, like Nora, has been lying to him about things large and small since the day they met. As far as Colin knows, Anna can’t have children, though what she means is that she won’t, because of her guilt about Emma.Mr. Adams, a smart and inventive director, can’t camouflage the script’s lapses into awkwardness. The tone of the production, so controlled at the start, wobbles in the second act. But the arrangement of the playing space at Theaterlab, on a set by Andrew Moerdyk, does nimbly solve a fundamental problem. A column that often obstructs the view in that room is cleverly circumvented here.As Gigi, Matthew’s girlfriend, Claire Siebers also avoids a trap, giving an amusing and thoughtful portrayal of a woman who might easily be played as dumb. Mr. Rosado, though, is the show’s secret weapon. In a restrained and beautifully calibrated performance, he glows with the kind of magnetic assurance that makes an audience lean in.NEW YORK — New York state officials told food growers and processors in mid-December that they had the state's blessing to produce and sell tea and chocolates laced with CBD, the cannabis derivative reputed to ease anxiety and other ills without marijuana's high.But since then, New York City health inspectors have seized thousands of dollars worth of CBD-infused food and drinks at the Fat Cat Kitchen and other local cafes and restaurants, and warned owners to stop selling them or face penalties. The crackdown came just weeks after federal law explicitly made CBD legal across the country.The New York City crackdown highlights the inconsistencies that have emerged in federal, state and local rules governing CBD, bewildering the small but growing number of businesses selling edibles in New York and other states. "I'm trying to be compliant with the law, but no one seems to be fully aware of what the law is and isn't," said C.J. Holm, the owner of the Fat Cat Kitchen, which touts CBD coffee and cookies on a sidewalk chalkboard.Consumer interest in CBD tinctures, topical creams and edibles has grown in recent years in step with the piecemeal legalization of marijuana, which is now permitted as either a medical or recreational drug in 33 states while still banned by the federal government.In 2018, U.S. consumers spent an estimated $300 million on CBD food and drinks, according to a report by Cowen Washington Research Group. The Coca-Cola Company and other food giants have expressed interest in the sector.The 2018 Farm Bill, enacted in December, was intended in part to clear up the legal status of CBD by legalizing cannabis extracts derived from strains of the plant, known as hemp, that contain very low concentrations of THC, the main psychoactive compound in marijuana. But the law also created new confusion for businesses wanting to sell CBD food or drink. For some, it is impossible to follow one set of regulations without being in breach of another. In New York, for example, officials at the state Department of Agriculture issued guidance in December saying it was legal to sell "CBD tea," "chocolates with CBD drizzle" and other CBD edibles, so long as the products are made and marketed as dietary supplements, which are governed by more stringent standards than ordinary food.But the department also warns that doing this will run afoul of rules issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which said it was unlawful to add CBD to food or to market it as a dietary supplement. That is because the agency, for the first time last year, had approved a drug that contained CBD as the active ingredient. New York City health inspectors have taken the FDA rule seriously. At the Fat Cat Kitchen, Holm was startled when a health inspector impounded her CBD powder, honey, snacks and raw cookie dough in February. Similar scenes played out at four other eateries in the city.Soon afterward, Holm and other restaurateurs received a letter from the department saying inspectors would resume the seizures after July 1.It is unclear whether the city's Health Department will allow cafes and restaurants to sell CBD edibles even as a dietary supplement, despite New York state officials saying such products are legal. When asked, Michael Lanza, a Health Department spokesman, repeated the department's position that it is following the FDA ban on CBD food and drink in any form. An FDA spokesman declined to comment on New York's regulations.Colorado, Maine and other states have attempted to clarify the status of CBD-laced edibles by passing laws allowing the addition of CBD to food. The FDA has said it may make an exception for CBD, allowing it as a food additive or dietary supplement even though it is now a listed drug. It will hold a public forum on the issue in Maryland on May 31.With the conflicting rules and at best haphazard enforcement, Holm and other CBD vendors say they are pressing ahead, devising their own strategies that they feel are at least a gesture toward compliance.Igor Yakovlev, who stirs CBD into honey on New York's Staten Island, prints a disclaimer on each Beezy Beez Honey jar stating that the FDA has not "evaluated or approved" his product.Holm, in consultation with a lawyer, noted that the FDA bans CBD being added to food for "interstate commerce," and reasons she is fine to sell CBD coffee so long as the extract is produced and processed in New York."It is so confusing because you can ask three different attorneys and get three different answers," said Allan Gandelman, a farmer in Cortland who founded the New York Cannabis Growers and Processors Association earlier this year. "So you decide you're going to blaze a path forward, and produce a product that customers really want, and go for it until the government gets its act together." (Reporting by Jonathan Allen in New York; Editing by Frank McGurty and Dan Grebler)As President Trump delivered his inaugural address in 2017, a slight woman with feathered gray hair sat listening, bundled in a hooded white parka in a fenced-off V.I.P. section. Her name was Rosemary T. Vrablic. She was a managing director at Deutsche Bank and one of the reasons Mr. Trump had just taken the oath of office.It was a moment of celebration — and a moment of worry for Ms. Vrablic’s employer.Mr. Trump and Deutsche Bank were deeply entwined, their symbiotic bond born of necessity and ambition on both sides: a real estate mogul made toxic by polarizing rhetoric and a pattern of defaults, and a bank with intractable financial problems and a history of misconduct.The relationship had paid off. Mr. Trump used loans from Deutsche Bank to finance skyscrapers and other high-end properties, and repeatedly cited his relationship with the bank to deflect political attacks on his business acumen. Deutsche Bank used Mr. Trump’s projects to build its investment-banking business, reaped fees from the assets he put in its custody and leveraged his celebrity to lure clients.Then Mr. Trump won the 2016 election, and the German bank shifted into damage-control mode, bracing for an onslaught of public scrutiny, according to several people involved in the internal response.In the weeks before Ms. Vrablic attended his swearing-in, the bank commissioned reports to figure out how it had gotten in so deep with Mr. Trump. It issued an unusual edict to its Wall Street employees: Do not publicly utter the word “Trump.”More than two years later, Mr. Trump’s financial ties with Deutsche Bank are the subject of investigations by two congressional committees and the New York attorney general. Investigators hope to use Deutsche Bank as a window into Mr. Trump’s personal and business finances.Deutsche Bank officials have quietly argued to regulators, lawmakers and journalists that Mr. Trump was not a priority for the bank or its senior leaders and that the lending was the work of a single, obscure division. But interviews with more than 20 current and former Deutsche Bank executives and board members, most of them with direct knowledge of the Trump relationship, contradict the bank’s narrative.Over nearly two decades, Deutsche Bank’s leaders repeatedly saw red flags surrounding Mr. Trump. There was a disastrous bond sale, a promised loan that relied on a banker’s forged signature, wild exaggerations of Mr. Trump’s wealth, even a claim of an act of God.But Deutsche Bank had a ravenous appetite for risk and limited concern about its clients’ reputations. Time after time, with the support of two different chief executives, the bank handed money — a total of well over $2 billion — to a man whom nearly all other banks had deemed untouchable.Kerrie McHugh, a Deutsche Bank spokeswoman, said: “We remain committed to cooperating with authorized investigations.”The White House referred questions to the Trump Organization. A company spokeswoman, Amanda Miller, declined to comment.‘A Great Son!’In the late 1990s, Deutsche Bank, which is based in Germany, was trying to make a name for itself on Wall Street. Its investment-banking division went on a hiring binge.The bank recruited a handful of Goldman Sachs traders to lead a push into commercial real estate. One was Justin Kennedy, the son of Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy. Another was Mike Offit, whose father was the writer Sidney Offit.At Deutsche Bank, Mr. Offit’s mandate was to lend money to big real estate developers, package the loans into securities and sell the resulting bonds to investors. He said in an interview that one way to stand out in a crowded market was to make loans that his rivals considered too risky.In 1998, a broker contacted him to see if he would consider lending to a Wall Street pariah: Mr. Trump, who was then a casino magnate whose bankruptcies had cost banks hundreds of millions of dollars.Mr. Offit took the meeting.A few days later, Mr. Offit’s secretary called him. “Donald Trump is in the conference room,” she whispered. Mr. Offit said he rushed in, expecting to find an entourage. Mr. Trump was alone.He was looking for a $125 million loan to pay for gut renovations of 40 Wall Street, his Art Deco tower in Lower Manhattan. Mr. Offit was impressed by the pitch, and the loan sailed through Deutsche Bank’s approval process.Mr. Trump seemed giddy with gratitude, Mr. Offit recalled. He took Mr. Offit golfing. He flew him by helicopter to Atlantic City for boxing matches. He wrote a grateful note to Sidney Offit for having “a great son!”Mr. Offit commissioned a detailed model of 40 Wall Street. A golden plaque on its pedestal bore the names and logos of Deutsche Bank and the Trump Organization. Mr. Offit gave one to Mr. Trump and kept another in his office.Mr. Trump soon came looking for $300 million for the construction of a skyscraper across from the United Nations headquarters. The loan was approved. He wanted hundreds of millions more for his Trump Marina casino in Atlantic City. Mr. Offit pledged to line up cash for that, too.Not long after, Edson Mitchell, a top bank executive, discovered that the signature of the credit officer who had approved the Trump Marina deal had been forged, Mr. Offit said. (Mr. Offit was never accused of forgery; the loan never went through.)Mr. Offit was fired months later. He said it was because Mr. Mitchell claimed that he was reckless, a charge Mr. Offit disputed.It was the first hiccup in the Trump relationship. It would not be the last.The Mar-a-Lago RewardOver the next few years, the commercial real estate group, with Mr. Kennedy now in a senior role, kept lending to Mr. Trump, including to buy the General Motors building in Manhattan. Occasionally, Justice Kennedy stopped by Deutsche Bank’s offices to say hello to the team, executives recalled.At an annual pro-am golf tournament the bank hosted outside Boston in the early 2000s, Mr. Trump sat down for a recorded interview with the bank’s public relations staff, who asked about his experience with Deutsche Bank.“It’s great,” Mr. Trump exclaimed, according to a person who witnessed the interview. “They’re really fast!”In 2003, a Deutsche Bank team led by Richard Byrne — a former casino-industry analyst who had known Mr. Trump since the 1980s — was hired to sell bonds on behalf of Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts. Bank officials escorted Mr. Trump to meet institutional investors in New York and Boston, according to an executive who attended.The so-called roadshow seemed to go well. At every stop, Mr. Trump was greeted by large audiences of fund managers, executives and lower-level employees eager to see the famous mogul. The problem, as a Deutsche Bank executive would explain to Mr. Trump, was that few of them were willing to entrust money to him.Mr. Trump requested an audience with the bank’s bond salesmen.According to a Deutsche Bank executive who heard the remarks, Mr. Trump gave a pep talk. “Fellas, I know this isn’t the easiest thing you’ve had to sell,” the executive recalled Mr. Trump saying. “But if you get this done, you’ll all be my guests at Mar-a-Lago,” his private club in Palm Beach, Fla.The sales team managed to sell hundreds of millions of dollars worth of bonds. Mr. Trump was pleased with the results when a Deutsche Bank executive called, according to a person who heard the conversation.“Don’t forget what you promised our guys,” the executive reminded him.Mr. Trump said he did not remember and that he doubted the salesmen actually expected to be taken to Mar-a-Lago.“That’s all they’ve talked about the past week,” the executive replied.Mr. Trump ultimately flew about 15 salesmen to Florida on his Boeing 727. They spent a weekend golfing with Mr. Trump, two participants said.A year later, in 2004, Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts defaulted on the bonds. Deutsche Bank’s clients suffered steep losses. This arm of the investment-banking division stopped doing business with Mr. Trump.An Act of GodAround that time, Mr. Trump returned to Deutsche Bank’s commercial real estate unit — which was housed in a separate part of the sprawling investment-banking division — for another loan. This one was to build a 92-story skyscraper in Chicago, the Trump International Hotel and Tower.Josef Ackermann, the bank’s chief executive, had publicly promised soaring profits, and with many of the company’s businesses sputtering, the investment-banking group was under intense pressure to grow.As Deutsche Bank considered making the loan, Mr. Trump wooed bankers with flights on his private plane, according to a person familiar with the pitch. In a Trump Tower meeting, he told Mr. Kennedy that his daughter Ivanka would be in charge of the Chicago project, a sign of the family’s commitment to its success.But there were warning signs.Mr. Trump told Deutsche Bank his net worth was about $3 billion, but when bank employees reviewed his finances, they concluded he was worth about $788 million, according to documents produced during a lawsuit Mr. Trump brought against the former New York Times journalist Timothy O’Brien. And a senior investment-banking executive said in an interview that he and others cautioned that Mr. Trump should be avoided because he had worked with people in the construction industry connected to organized crime.Nonetheless, Deutsche Bank agreed in 2005 to lend Mr. Trump more than $500 million for the project. He personally guaranteed $40 million of it, meaning the bank could come after his personal assets if he defaulted.By 2008, the riverside skyscraper, one of the tallest in America, was mostly built. But with the economy sagging, Mr. Trump struggled to sell hundreds of condominium units. The bulk of the loan was due that November.Then the financial crisis hit, and Mr. Trump’s lawyers sensed an opportunity.A provision in the loan let Mr. Trump partially off the hook in the event of a “force majeure,” essentially an act of God, like a natural disaster. The former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan had called the financial crisis a tsunami. And what was a tsunami if not a natural disaster?One of Mr. Trump’s lawyers, Steven Schlesinger, told him the provision could be used against Deutsche Bank.“It’s brilliant!” Mr. Schlesinger recalled Mr. Trump responding.Days before the loan was due, Mr. Trump sued Deutsche Bank, citing the force majeure language and seeking $3 billion in damages. Deutsche Bank countersued and demanded payment of the $40 million that Mr. Trump had personally guaranteed.With the suits in court, senior investment-banking executives severed ties with Mr. Trump.Luring a BankerNot long after Mr. Trump got the Chicago loan — but before it went south — Deutsche Bank was expanding its private-banking division, which served the superrich. Executives said they set out to hire Ms. Vrablic, whom they viewed as the best private banker in New York.Traditionally, private bankers discreetly manage customers’ wealth and act as high-end concierges. Ms. Vrablic, who started her career as a bank teller and then worked at Citigroup and Bank of America, did that and more. She also arranged large real estate and commercial loans for her best clients.To lure her, Deutsche Bank guaranteed that she would earn at least $3 million a year, unusually rich terms for a private banker, and would bypass a layer of management to report directly to Thomas Bowers, the head of the American wealth-management division, according to people familiar with her contract.“Rosemary is widely recognized as one of the top private bankers to the U.S. ultra high-net-worth community,” Mr. Bowers said in a September 2006 news release. Deutsche Bank took out an ad in The Times to celebrate the arrival of her and a few colleagues.Ms. Vrablic’s superiors encouraged her to make loans that rival banks dismissed as too large or complex. They saw it as a way to elbow into the hypercompetitive New York market.‘There Is No Objection’In 2010, Deutsche Bank and Mr. Trump settled their litigation over the Chicago loan. Mr. Trump agreed to repay most of what he owed by 2012, Mr. Schlesinger said.One of Ms. Vrablic’s clients was Jared Kushner, who married Ivanka Trump in 2009. Mr. Kushner regarded Ms. Vrablic as the best banker he had ever worked with, according to a person familiar with his thinking.Shortly after the Chicago lawsuit was settled, Mr. Kushner was told that Mr. Trump was looking for a loan and introduced him to Ms. Vrablic, according to people familiar with the relationship.Mr. Trump flew Ms. Vrablic to Miami to show her a property he wanted to buy: the Doral Golf Resort and Spa. He needed more than $100 million for the 72-hole property.Deutsche Bank dispatched a team to Trump Tower to inspect Mr. Trump’s personal and corporate financial records. The bankers determined he was overvaluing some of his real estate assets by as much as 70 percent, according to two former executives.By then, though, Mr. Trump had become a reality-TV star, and he was swimming in cash from “The Apprentice.” Deutsche Bank officials also were impressed that Mr. Trump did not have much debt, according to people who reviewed his finances. Aside from his history of defaults, he was an attractive borrower.Mr. Trump also expressed interest in another loan from the private-banking division: $48 million for the same Chicago property that had provoked the two-year court fight.Mr. Trump told the bank he would use that loan to repay what he still owed the investment-banking division, the two former executives said. Even by Wall Street standards, borrowing money from one part of a bank to pay off a loan from another was an extraordinary act of financial chutzpah.Ms. Vrablic and Mr. Bowers tentatively agreed to both loans.Because these would be the private bank’s first transactions with Mr. Trump, they needed approval up the chain of command.Investment-banking executives, including Anshu Jain, who would soon become Deutsche Bank’s co-chief executive, pushed back. Lending to Mr. Trump again would be foolish, they argued, and signal to clients that they could default and even sue the bank.Executives in the private bank countered that the proposed loans had Mr. Trump’s personal guarantee and therefore were low risk. And the Chicago loan, they noted, would lead to the repayment of tens of millions of dollars that Mr. Trump still owed the investment-banking division.A top executive with responsibility for the private bank discussed the loans with Mr. Ackermann, the chief executive, who supported them, according to two officials. A powerful committee in Frankfurt, which evaluated loans based on risks to the bank’s reputation, signed off.“There is no objection from the bank to proceed with this client,” wrote Stuart Clarke, the chief operating officer for the Americas, in a Dec. 5, 2011, email, according to a recipient.Deutsche Bank wired the money to Mr. Trump. The loans carried relatively low interest rates, executives said, but the business promised to be profitable: As part of the deal, Mr. Trump would hold millions of dollars in a personal account, generating fees for the bank.“I have no recollection of having been asked to approve that private-banking loan,” Mr. Ackermann said in an interview. He added: “I would have approved it, if it came to me, if it was commercially sound.”The C.E.O. Meets TrumpMs. Vrablic’s relationship with the Trumps deepened.Deutsche Bank lent money to Donald Trump Jr. for a South Carolina manufacturing venture that would soon go bankrupt. It provided a $15 million credit line to Mr. Kushner and his mother, according to financial documents reviewed by The Times. The bank previously had an informal ban on business with the Kushners because Jared’s father, Charles, was a felon.In 2012, Jared Kushner recommended that the editor of The Mortgage Observer, one of the publications he owned, write a profile of Ms. Vrablic. The editor, Carl Gaines, knew Mr. Kushner was her client and objected, according to a person familiar with the exchange.“Just go meet with her,” Mr. Kushner said. “You’ll figure something out.”A gauzy profile of Ms. Vrablic was published in February 2013.Shortly afterward, the private bank produced a promotional video featuring some of its marquee clients. The video was played at a retreat for Deutsche Bank’s senior leadership in Barcelona. In it, Ivanka Trump extolled the private bank’s work with her family and thanked their relationship manager, according to two people who saw the video.In early 2014, Mr. Trump and his personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, approached Ms. Vrablic about more potential loans.The owner of the Buffalo Bills had died, and the N.F.L. franchise was up for sale. Mr. Trump was interested, and he needed to show the league he had the financial wherewithal to pull off a transaction that could top $1 billion.Mr. Trump asked Ms. Vrablic if the bank would be willing to make a loan and handed over bare-bones financial statements that estimated his net worth at $8.7 billion.Mr. Cohen testified to Congress last month that the documents exaggerated Mr. Trump’s wealth. Deutsche Bank executives had reached a similar conclusion. They nonetheless agreed to vouch for Mr. Trump’s bid, according to an executive involved.Mr. Trump’s bid did not win, but another lending opportunity soon arose.A federal agency had selected Mr. Trump to transform the Old Post Office Building in Washington into a luxury hotel. But his financial partner — the private equity firm Colony Capital, run by Thomas J. Barrack Jr. — pulled out. Mr. Trump needed nearly $200 million.Because of his decades-long pattern of defaults and his increasingly polarizing political rhetoric — among other things, he had been spreading a lie about President Barack Obama being born overseas — Mr. Trump remained untouchable for most banks.Ms. Vrablic was willing to help.In a memo outlining the rationale for the Old Post Office loan, Ms. Vrablic said Mr. Trump was expected to add large sums to his brokerage account if he received the loan, according to an executive who read the document.This time, there was less internal opposition. One reason: Mr. Jain — by then the bank’s co-chief executive — had a solid relationship with Ms. Vrablic. Mr. Jain accompanied her to meetings with high-profile clients, and he praised her work to colleagues, multiple executives said.On a foggy Wednesday in February 2013, Ms. Vrablic and Mr. Jain went to Trump Tower to meet with Mr. Trump, according to two executives with knowledge of the meeting. Ms. Vrablic’s rapport with the client was immediately clear: Mr. Trump’s assistant greeted her as an old friend, and she seemed relaxed with Mr. Trump and his daughter, one executive said.They discussed Mr. Trump’s finances over lunch, and Mr. Jain said he was surprised by his low level of debt, the executives said. After lunch, Ms. Vrablic told her colleagues that Mr. Jain had sounded upbeat about Mr. Trump’s finances.A $170 million loan to pay for the overhaul of the Old Post Office went through in 2015, and Mr. Trump added more money to his brokerage account. (In May 2016, he reported up to $46 million of stocks and bonds in the account.)On Aug. 6, 2015, Mr. Trump participated in the first Republican presidential debate. He clashed with the Fox News moderator, Megyn Kelly. He flew back to New York early the next morning. That evening, he called in to a CNN talk show and said of Ms. Kelly that there was “blood coming out of her wherever.”In the intervening hours, Mr. Trump had used a black Sharpie to sign documents for another loan from Deutsche Bank: $19 million for the Doral resort. That brought to more than $300 million the total lent under Ms. Vrablic.Shock and AngerOn the campaign trail, rivals assailed Mr. Trump’s financial history. In response, he pointed to Deutsche Bank-funded successes like the Old Post Office project, now a gleaming hotel a few blocks from the White House.In early 2016, Mr. Trump asked Ms. Vrablic for one final loan, for his golf course in Turnberry, Scotland.Ms. Vrablic said yes, but a fight soon erupted.Jacques Brand, who was in charge of Deutsche Bank’s American businesses, angrily objected, partly because of Mr. Trump’s divisive rhetoric.Ms. Vrablic appealed the decision. Senior executives in Frankfurt, including Christian Sewing, who would become chief executive in 2018, were shocked that the private bank would consider lending Mr. Trump money during the campaign, bank officials said.The bank’s reputational risk committee killed the transaction in March 2016.That same month, as The Times was preparing an article about Mr. Trump’s excommunication from Wall Street, he cited his warm relationship with Deutsche Bank.“They are totally happy with me,” he said to The Times. “Why don’t you call the head of Deutsche Bank? Her name is Rosemary Vrablic. She is the boss.”Demagogy and DefaultsAfter Mr. Trump won the election, Deutsche Bank’s board of directors rushed to understand how the bank had become the biggest lender to the president-elect.A report prepared by the board’s integrity committee concluded that executives in the private-banking division were so determined to win business from big-name clients that they had ignored Mr. Trump’s reputation for demagogy and defaults, according to a person who read the report.The review also found that Deutsche Bank had produced a number of “exposure reports” that flagged the growing business with Mr. Trump, but that they had not been adequately reviewed by senior executives.On Deutsche Bank’s trading floor, managers began warning employees not to use the word “Trump” in communications with people outside the bank. Salesmen who violated the edict were scolded by compliance officers who said the bank feared stoking public interest in its ties to the new president.One reason: If Mr. Trump were to default on his loans, Deutsche Bank would have to choose between seizing his assets or cutting him a lucrative break — a situation the bank would rather resolve in private.Two years after Mr. Trump was sworn in, Democrats took control of the House of Representatives. The chamber’s financial services and intelligence committees opened investigations into Deutsche Bank’s relationship with Mr. Trump. Those inquiries, as well as the New York attorney general’s investigation, come at a perilous time for Deutsche Bank, which is negotiating to merge with another large German lender.Next month, Deutsche Bank is likely to start handing over extensive internal documents and communications about Mr. Trump to the congressional committees, according to people briefed on the process.Ms. Vrablic, who is intensely private and rarely discusses her personal life with colleagues, declined to comment. People familiar with her thinking said she expected to be called to testify publicly on Capitol Hill.NEW YORK — New York state officials told food growers and processors in mid-December that they had the state's blessing to produce and sell tea and chocolates laced with CBD, the cannabis derivative reputed to ease anxiety and other ills without marijuana's high.But since then, New York City health inspectors have seized thousands of dollars worth of CBD-infused food and drinks at the Fat Cat Kitchen and other local cafes and restaurants, and warned owners to stop selling them or face penalties. The crackdown came just weeks after federal law explicitly made CBD legal across the country.The New York City crackdown highlights the inconsistencies that have emerged in federal, state and local rules governing CBD, bewildering the small but growing number of businesses selling edibles in New York and other states. "I'm trying to be compliant with the law, but no one seems to be fully aware of what the law is and isn't," said C.J. Holm, the owner of the Fat Cat Kitchen, which touts CBD coffee and cookies on a sidewalk chalkboard.Consumer interest in CBD tinctures, topical creams and edibles has grown in recent years in step with the piecemeal legalization of marijuana, which is now permitted as either a medical or recreational drug in 33 states while still banned by the federal government.In 2018, U.S. consumers spent an estimated $300 million on CBD food and drinks, according to a report by Cowen Washington Research Group. The Coca-Cola Company and other food giants have expressed interest in the sector.The 2018 Farm Bill, enacted in December, was intended in part to clear up the legal status of CBD by legalizing cannabis extracts derived from strains of the plant, known as hemp, that contain very low concentrations of THC, the main psychoactive compound in marijuana. But the law also created new confusion for businesses wanting to sell CBD food or drink. For some, it is impossible to follow one set of regulations without being in breach of another. In New York, for example, officials at the state Department of Agriculture issued guidance in December saying it was legal to sell "CBD tea," "chocolates with CBD drizzle" and other CBD edibles, so long as the products are made and marketed as dietary supplements, which are governed by more stringent standards than ordinary food.But the department also warns that doing this will run afoul of rules issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which said it was unlawful to add CBD to food or to market it as a dietary supplement. That is because the agency, for the first time last year, had approved a drug that contained CBD as the active ingredient. New York City health inspectors have taken the FDA rule seriously. At the Fat Cat Kitchen, Holm was startled when a health inspector impounded her CBD powder, honey, snacks and raw cookie dough in February. Similar scenes played out at four other eateries in the city.Soon afterward, Holm and other restaurateurs received a letter from the department saying inspectors would resume the seizures after July 1.It is unclear whether the city's Health Department will allow cafes and restaurants to sell CBD edibles even as a dietary supplement, despite New York state officials saying such products are legal. When asked, Michael Lanza, a Health Department spokesman, repeated the department's position that it is following the FDA ban on CBD food and drink in any form. An FDA spokesman declined to comment on New York's regulations.Colorado, Maine and other states have attempted to clarify the status of CBD-laced edibles by passing laws allowing the addition of CBD to food. The FDA has said it may make an exception for CBD, allowing it as a food additive or dietary supplement even though it is now a listed drug. It will hold a public forum on the issue in Maryland on May 31.With the conflicting rules and at best haphazard enforcement, Holm and other CBD vendors say they are pressing ahead, devising their own strategies that they feel are at least a gesture toward compliance.Igor Yakovlev, who stirs CBD into honey on New York's Staten Island, prints a disclaimer on each Beezy Beez Honey jar stating that the FDA has not "evaluated or approved" his product.Holm, in consultation with a lawyer, noted that the FDA bans CBD being added to food for "interstate commerce," and reasons she is fine to sell CBD coffee so long as the extract is produced and processed in New York."It is so confusing because you can ask three different attorneys and get three different answers," said Allan Gandelman, a farmer in Cortland who founded the New York Cannabis Growers and Processors Association earlier this year. "So you decide you're going to blaze a path forward, and produce a product that customers really want, and go for it until the government gets its act together." (Reporting by Jonathan Allen in New York; Editing by Frank McGurty and Dan Grebler)In the remote coastal villages of Russia’s Far East, where the nomadic Chukchi still hunt walrus with handcrafted ivory-headed harpoons, it is ritual to offer visitors freshly caught meat.“You cannot refuse,” said Barbara Muckermann, the chief marketing officer of Silversea Cruises, whose ships dock in the region several times a year. “Sharing food is important in their culture.”Once, Americans abroad were suspicious of foreign delicacies, scurrying back to the safety of their hotels and ships for a bland simulacrum of dishes they could get back home. But for a growing number of leisure travelers — those privileged enough to cross borders not out of necessity, but for pleasure — food has become essential to an encounter with another culture, from olive oil in Slovenia to poi (pounded taro root) in Hawaii to kokoretsi (lamb-intestine sandwiches) in Turkey.Today’s wanderers have been called to the gospel of Anthony Bourdain, the  irreverent chef and writer whose ecumenical pursuit of food in all its incarnations (blood and guts included) was chronicled in the TV series “A Cook’s Tour,” “No Reservations” and “Parts Unknown” until his death last June.Attempts to follow in Mr. Bourdain’s footsteps are typically orchestrated by small, independent, sometimes eccentric tour operators. They have roots in a place, so they can point you toward the tofu counter hidden inside a flower shop, or the neighbor selling bowls of pho in her living room, down a skinny unlit alley and up three flights. You’ll know you’re there by the number of shoes kicked off in the hallway.But now international giants, historically deft at placating guests with stately buffets and fine, indeterminately European menus, are joining the fray. They, too, want to sate that “special hunger,” as M.F.K. Fisher described it, that pushes explorers “beyond their known horizons, to subsist or not on locusts and baked phoenix-eggs.”Among the highest-profile contenders is Silversea, headquartered in Monaco and valued at about $2 billion. (It recently forged a partnership with Royal Caribbean, the world’s second-largest cruise line.) A new 596-passenger ship expressly designed for culinary voyages, with a test kitchen that doubles as a clubhouse, is under construction and scheduled to launch in the summer of 2020.Building a ship is a commitment. A trickier challenge, for companies big and small, is how to design an orderly, comfortable and reasonably hygienic group eating experience that still feels genuine. There’s a risk of turning local foodways into just another commodity, particularly in the developing world, where tourist dollars count for more.Already the influx of gastro-pilgrims has upset some natural algorithms. Last year in Bangkok, after the crab-omelet specialist Raan Jay Fai was anointed with a Michelin star, waits for a table at the tiny shop-house restaurant stretched to three hours.While the spike in business is a financial boon, the owner — who cooks each omelet herself, wearing ski goggles to protect herself from the spitting oil — has said that she wishes she could give the star back.There is little chance the crowds will let up. A 2016 report by the World Food Travel Association classified 93 percent of vacationers worldwide as “food travelers,” who seek out food beyond the demands of sustenance — attending a class on cooking mole in Oaxaca, say, or riding a boat at dawn through a floating market in Kashmir.The philosopher Lisa Heldke has critiqued the colonialist impulse behind what she calls “eating adventures,” which she likens to collecting and uprooting artifacts from their cultural context.But some tour operators contend that in opening our mouths, we open our minds.“The polarized view that we get, the xenophobia, comes from the lack of a data set,” said Luis Vargas, the chief executive of Modern Adventure, which funnels data in the guise of weeklong eating and drinking itineraries in destinations like the Republic of Georgia and the Basque region of Spain.In this thinking, a basket of dumplings can teach as much about a culture as its greatest monuments.When Little Adventures in Hong Kong helps you decode the tome of a menu at a Cantonese restaurant — so “you don’t repeat dishes with the same ingredients or cooking methods,” said Daisann McLane, the company’s founder — you may earn a grudging nod of approval from the waiter and a deeper understanding of the society in which these feasts are central.Sometimes, the lesson is knowing when not to eat. As Yukari Sakamoto of Food Sake Tokyo steers visitors through the bright sprawl of a depachika (department-store food hall), she delicately cautions against snacking while walking; in Japan, it’s considered impolite.The sociologist Krishnendu Ray, who heads the department of nutrition and food studies at New York University, sees hope in culinary travel. “It allows you to engage with others on their terms, their vernacular tastes,” he said.Still, he added, “If you don’t care about the lives and livelihoods of people involved in growing and making your food, attention to the food alone cannot take you far.”More and more, tour operators are trying to give travelers a sense of the substance of those lives. In Mexico City, Rocío Vazquez Landeta of Eat Like a Local is conscious of the income differential between the visitors on her forays through the shambolic La Merced market and the vendors they meet.“I don’t want it to be pity tourism — ‘Look at the poor people,’” she said.So, while some guides in the area demand discounts, she makes a point to pay vendors not only full price for their goods, but also for the time they take to explain ingredients and dishes to her customers. And she has hired an English tutor for six of the vendors’ children — who at 8 to 11 years old are already working alongside their parents — and tips them to help lead tours on weekends.On her website, Ms. Vazquez Landeta encourages people to bring photographs of their home countries as gifts for the children. “I’m not Mother Teresa,” she said. “I just want to show them that the world is bigger.”Mona Boyd, the Arkansas-born founder of Landtours in Accra, Ghana, started highlighting West African fare in her packages five years ago, arranging for small groups of travelers to dine in the homes of local families. But she felt that the experience was too much like going to a restaurant. It wasn’t immersive enough.Now, instead of just showing up to eat, visitors arrive early to prepare dishes like nkatenkwan (groundnut stew) and red-red (black-eyed pea stew), and to learn something about their hosts along the way.“These are kind people, not rich, but willing to open up their homes to you,” Ms. Boyd said. “When you eat their food and enjoy it, you show you like them, too.”Such informal settings can foster a more candid cultural exchange. But they must be carefully vetted by tour operators, to make sure that customers don’t get sick from ingredients washed in unpurified water or a chicken dropped on the floor before being thrown into the pot.Even the gutsiest customers may balk at a street stall’s grimy patina or at the frank scent of a prized local delicacy. Reassurance is part of a guide’s job.In Vietnam, Van Cong Tu tells guests on his Hanoi Street Food Tours — which go down alleys so tiny, Google Maps can’t find them — that the great fistfuls of raw herbs accompanying almost every dish are safe to eat. (They often wind up submerged in hot soup.) Without the herbs, you’d miss half the flavor.Joe DiStefano, a New Yorker whose World’s Fare Food Tours take visitors to chaat shops, smoky kebab stands and labyrinthine basement food courts in his home borough, Queens, respects that some of his customers have reservations about what they eat.At one stop, he said, “we go look at the durian” — a thorny tropical fruit that smells of rotting socks dredged from the bottom of the sea.Then, if everyone is comfortable, he said, “We eat it.”The logistics of comfort are of particular concern to higher-end operators who specialize in trips of a week or longer. The kind of traveler they target may not want a luau on a manicured hotel lawn, but still expects a certain degree of ease.This doesn’t have to mean a bowdlerized, at-arm’s-length experience, however. To Neil Coletta, the brand and product manager of Intrepid Travel’s Real Food Adventures, the real luxury is “direct access to local communities which would be really hard, if not impossible, to navigate on your own.”One of the company’s tours covers Israel and the Palestinian territories, with stops at the home of a Jewish family in the Negev Desert and at a cooking school in Nablus founded to empower impoverished women.Mr. Coletta works closely with local guides who have personal relationships with street vendors and home cooks willing to share their secrets. “It feels like you’re just visiting family with family,” he said.Other companies cater to jet-setters more interested in the rarefied heights of a country’s cuisine than in the nitty-gritty of its inhabitants’ lives. The luxury shopping site VeryFirstTo.com, which has since shut down, once offered a six-month trip with seats at each of the world’s restaurants that had won three Michelin stars. It cost more than a quarter of a million dollars and required consuming a five- to 27-course tasting menu every other day — an itinerary to imperil the body, if not the soul.Ms. Muckermann, of Silversea, didn’t want to structure the company’s new Sea and Land Taste program around celebrity chefs and hermetic fine-dining rooms. A younger generation of travelers is braver than that, she said: “They’ve seen more walls going down than going up.”Instead, she tapped Adam Sachs, a former editor-in-chief of Saveur, to take a reportorial approach and shape a narrative around the ingredients and cooking techniques found in each region. He has tracked down inside sources like Maya Kerthyasa, a member of the royal family of Ubud in Bali, who shared her 95-year-old grandmother’s spice-paste recipes with passengers on a preview trip in Southeast Asia this month.“Ideally, you come away with a better understanding of why people eat in a certain way,” Mr. Sachs said. “Not just, ‘I tried everything.’”On board, one of the ship’s eight restaurants, which have traditionally focused on Western food, will shift cuisine depending on its place of berth, so more cautious passengers — those along for the ride just to see the region — can still get a taste.But the cautious may be dwindling in number. As Ms. Muckermann recalls, on Silversea’s voyages to the Russian Far East, guests are gently warned that if they visit the Chukchi village, they may be presented with boiled walrus. If they feel unready for such an honor, they can forgo the expedition.“Most people come,” she said. They make the leap — from the security of the ship to the uncertainty onshore, from one culture to another. They eat the walrus.“It is Lawyer 101: You do not steal your client’s money.”NICOLA T. HANNA, a United States attorney, describing the lawyer Michael Avenatti’s business as a Ponzi scheme of sorts as she announced new charges that could mean more than 300 years in prison.It is no longer exactly groundbreaking for women to work on construction sites, to develop or design retail and commercial spaces, or to fill those spaces with tenants. Women, for example, occupy 43 percent of commercial real estate positions industrywide, according to data from CREW Network, a networking organization for women in commercial real estate. And more women than ever now fill senior vice president, managing director and partner slots in commercial real estate businesses.Still, women who work in male-dominated sectors of the industry sometimes discover that a hard hat is a hard hat to wear. They tell of being locked out of deals, of being condescended to, of having to prove their skills and then prove them again.“None of us are looking for a handout. We’re just looking for a level playing field,” said MaryAnne Gilmartin, the chief executive of the development company L&L MAG, which she co-founded in early 2018 after 23 years at Forest City New York, the last five as chief executive.“Where I feel concerned,” she added, “is that the #metoo backlash will mean that women won’t get opportunities because the men doing the hiring don’t want to open themselves up to confusion or claims about their behavior.”But Ms. Gilmartin said she also sees cause for optimism: “As women become more common in the real estate workplace and move up the ladder, we’re in a position to influence who makes up the team.”She is also hopeful because “there’s pressure on the all-male lineup to diversify,” she said. “This is an industry that changes because it has to, not because it wants to. The failure to address the women issue will cost them money and opportunities, so companies will do what they have to do.”Here are a few women who endured workplace slights because they were in places dominated by men, but who thrived nonetheless and now run their own corners of the real estate world.Industrial SuppliesLeslie Baltes began climbing the shelves of the industrial supply company Carter, Milchman & Frank when she was a child. Ms. Baltes is now 46 and the president of the Long Island City-based company — and she’s still climbing the shelves.But while her grandfather Herman Milchman was one of the founders of the company, and her mother and father took over the business in the 1980s, Ms. Baltes chose a different path — accounting. Half a dozen years ago, when her parents wanted to retire and pass the baton to her, Ms. Baltes’s response was quick and to the point: No way.“I don’t know how they got me,” she said.She now supervises a staff of 40, and almost half of them women. “I’m all about girl power,” Ms. Baltes said.Not everyone got the memo. When she started at the company and would order her drivers to get going with deliveries, “they looked at me like I had two heads,” Ms. Baltes said. “I had to be tough.”Then there was a lunch with, among others, the general contracting team for a large developer. Ms. Baltes had been asked to prepare a quote for some equipment and was told “the guys wanted to meet me,” she said. A casual lunch was set up, and over burgers, Ms. Baltes got a grilling.“Were you a manicurist or a hairdresser before you got this gig?” the men asked. “And who did you have to sleep with to get it?”“I said, ‘You guys are idiots. A manicurist? Look how bad my nails are. Look how bad my roots are,’” she recalled. “I made a joke. I said that my grandfather slept with my grandmother.”But sometimes being a woman is a bit of an advantage. “When my competitors and I are talking about our products, and there are 12 men and one me, and when I make my follow-up phone call, potential customers will remember me,” Ms. Baltes said. “And that’s important.”Granted, there is still a level of “you are the owner?” “But it’s getting better,” she said. “Every time I go to a job site, I see more women, and there’s an ease about it that wasn’t there five years ago.” She continued: “There’s a way to go. But now, even if men are thinking negative things, they don’t say them anymore.”Architecture and DesignElizabeth Roberts is the founder of a 20-person architecture firm in Brooklyn that bears her name. And although she has done some cultural and commercial projects, her concentration is on residential work.“I made a decision early on that I wanted that to be my focus,” said Ms. Roberts, 50, whose clients include the fashion designer Ulla Johnson and many in the entertainment industry, among them Maggie Gyllenhaal and her husband, Peter Sarsgaard. “I prefer working with families and helping them create a home.”Ms. Roberts said she experienced no gender bias whatsoever when, early in her career, she worked at the architecture firm Beyer Blinder Belle. And she said she has experienced it only rarely as the head of her own firm, whose staff, for the record, is 50 percent female.“I tend to focus on the positive side,” she said. “I tend to think that being a woman helps me in my job, because there’s a lot of balancing that needs to be done hourly and daily, and a need to keep your cool under pressure, and I think a lot of those things come with being a woman.”But, she added, “I wonder if I try to pretend that gender bias isn’t an issue.” Here, she is thinking of the surprised look she gets from contractors when they learn that not only is she the architect of record on a project but that she is also the boss of the team the contractor has been working with for the past year.She is thinking also about the difficult conversations she must sometimes have with clients about why the fearsomely expensive renovation has suddenly become even more expensive, and why the 18-month project is sliding past year two.“These clients are understandably stressed,” Ms. Roberts said. “But when I feel I’m being put in my place or talked down to or spoken to in a particular way, I often wonder: ‘If I were a 75-year-old man, would you be lecturing me about how things should have gone?’ I do think about that often.”Real Estate InvestmentRobin Zeigler’s degree in accounting took her to a job at Ernst & Young, as an auditor for Coca-Cola, in 1994. When, a few years later, she wanted to make a transition out of accounting, one of the female partners at the firm offered Ms. Zeigler the chance to move into the real estate group.She was eager, but unschooled. “I didn’t know what a real estate investment trust was. I went to a bookstore and bought every book they had on the subject and spent the weekend reading up,” said Ms. Zeigler, 47, who is now the chief operating officer and executive vice president of Cedar Realty Trust, an R.E.I.T. that owns, manages and redevelops grocery-anchored shopping centers in the Washington to Boston corridor. “Part of what helped my trajectory,” she said, “was taking advantage of opportunities, of saying yes to something and figuring it out later.”Ms. Zeigler quickly learned some things that weren’t in the books she read so diligently: Real estate is a relationship business, and people (that is to say, men) tend to form those relationships with people who are just like them (that is to say, other men). They develop those relationships on golf courses and in cigar bars, negotiating on the back nine and firming up the deal over a Cohiba.“It can be a challenge when deals are happening in places where females are not invited,” Ms. Zeigler said.It can also be a challenge even when females have every reason to be there. “I’ve experienced things like walking into a meeting that I’ve called and I’ve been asked by a man to get coffee,” Ms. Zeigler said. “I’ve responded, ‘I like mine with a little bit of cream and sugar, and I’m Robin Zeigler.’”She can’t make those annoyances vanish, she said, but she controls what she can: “I do make sure people know what I bring to the table and try to make my voice heard. When you’re the only woman in a room full of men, that can sometimes be difficult.” Keeping quiet at the conference table, she has learned, is often not the way to go. “If you have enough experience having a thought and not sharing the thought, and then having someone offer the thought that was your thought, you get the courage to share that thought when the thought occurs to you,” she said. “It’s not an issue for me anymore.”General ContractingBarbara Kavovit was 9 when her father handed her a Stanley hammer. “He wanted me to help him make bunk beds for my sister and me,” she said.“Thanks to my dad, who thought it was important for a girl to be independent, early on I had a taste of what it felt like to have self-esteem and to accomplish a goal,” said Ms. Kavovit, who has built on that childhood success, and then some.Soon after college graduation, she started her first business, Stand-Ins, a home-improvement company in Westchester County. After three years, Ms. Kavovit shuttered Stand-Ins, established a new company, Anchor, and moved her base of operations to New York City to take on corporate and retail construction projects. These included the construction of iVillage headquarters and Carnegie Hall Towers, and the build-out of Coty headquarters.In 2015, Ms. Kavovit, who is now in her late 40s, started Evergreen Construction, now a $30-million-a-year business with 22 employees (six of whom are women) and a focus on interior construction for corporate and retail projects. Evergreen’s client list includes companies like Bandier, Exhale Spa and the ceramics studio BKLYN CLAY.Despite such accomplishments, “I get challenged every day by men,” said Ms. Kavovit, who will likely face a fresh set of challenges as a supporting cast member on the new season of “The Real Housewives of New York City.” She recalled walking a potential client through a job site last year and stopping to ask her field supervisor a question. The field supervisor had a question of his own for the boss: “Do you know how to read a blueprint?”Yes, Ms. Kavovit knew how to read a blueprint, how to sign a paycheck and, come to think of it, how to fire a benighted employee. She proved it by sacking that supervisor posthaste. “It’s almost like there are some men who don’t want us to be on the job site,” she said. “Thank God there are companies and clients that do want me there.”Commercial Real EstateJoanne Podell, the executive chairwoman of Cushman & Wakefield, describes her career in commercial real estate as an accident. Previously she owned several thriving furniture stores.But because of a real estate blunder involving a storage facility and crippling rent, those stores went out of business.“I had chosen the locations for my stores and had negotiated all my leases,” said Ms. Podell, who is now in her 70s. “And a friend and mentor who worked in the furniture business told me, ‘If you can do it for yourself, you can do it for others.’”Well, sure she could, but first someone had to give her the chance. “Coming up was harder than it needed to be,” said Ms. Podell, who has been in the business for more than 25 years. “The problem was that everyone teamed up. It was a boys’ club, and it’s not that different today. I had no one to talk to and no one to mentor me. I had to learn on my own.”In particular, she remembers looking at a building with a school on the ground floor. “I thought, ‘Wow, that’s prime real estate. Maybe we can ask the school if it wants to move.’ How naïve to get involved with the Department of Education.”Because Ms. Podell failed to appreciate the complexity — and futility — of such an undertaking, she spent days and weeks calling people. “I wasted all that time on something I couldn’t realistically realize,” she said. “And for a broker, all you have is time.”Back then, the only real advantage to being a woman in the business was that there were very few women brokers, “and landlords would remember me,” she said. “The retailers had no problem with my being a woman. I had been a retailer; I understood the great risk they were taking, and they knew I was interested in doing the right thing for them.”Ms. Podell has now done enough deals — her clients include Nike, TD Bank, Ann Taylor and Luxottica — that the gender issue is no longer an issue. “But,” she added, “it only stopped being an issue about eight years ago.”Property AppraisalIn 1986, when Dina Miller, her brother, Jonathan, and other family members founded the real estate appraisal firm Miller Samuel, “there were very few female appraisers,” said Ms. Miller, 56, whose specialty is specialty work — determining the value of a common hallway that a co-op shareholder wants to buy, for example, and handling stratospherically expensive property, including the top-floor apartment at 432 Park Avenue.“The high-end and the unique are difficult to appraise. Obviously, there’s nothing to compare them to,” Ms. Miller said. “It’s not like a one-bedroom, where there are half a dozen similar sales in a building. You have to know the market and the nuances. I like that challenge.”And, of course, like a doctor who goes to a party and is buttonholed by strangers with questions about their ailments, Ms. Miller is frequently quizzed by friends about the value of their real estate. “They’ll say to me, ‘What is the market doing? What is my apartment worth? Do you think it’s listed too high?’ I’m happy to give them insight.”Sometimes, however, she is the one being appraised. “There’s the attitude of ‘Here comes this woman and what does she know?’ Fifteen years ago, I went to a high-end apartment and the wife opened the door. She looked at me, looked around to see if there was a man with me, then turned to her husband and said, ‘Look, honey, it’s a female appraiser,’ as if I were from the circus.”Matters have improved, because there are more female appraisers now, Ms. Miller said. “But you have some people who are very old school.”When, for example, she is on a site with a male trainee, “clients will often think the trainee is my boss,” Ms. Miller said. Questions about when the appraisal will be ready or whether they know about other sales in the building will be directed to the man.“We have to correct people and explain that he’s in training and I’m the owner of the company,” she said.Property ManagementIt was 1975, and Leslie Winkler was working on her doctorate in American history. She and her husband, a dentist, were out one night with another dentist and the dentist’s wife, who ran her family’s real estate business and who announced during dinner that she needed a managing agent.Ms. Winkler, disenchanted with academia, was intrigued. A managing agent — what’s a managing agent? A managing agent, she was told, was someone who visited people’s beautiful apartments. That sounded good to Ms. Winkler; she said she could start on Monday.She quickly learned that being a managing agent was not only about visiting beautiful apartments. It was about leaks, broken boilers, tenants who were hot and tenants who were cold, and tenants whose stoves and refrigerators were on the blink.“But it was such a problem-solving job and such a learning experience,” said Ms. Winkler, now 71 and the president of Halstead Management, with 200 residential properties under her supervision. “You’d go up on the roofs of these buildings and see the landscape of New York City and think, ‘This is really good.’” If Ms. Winkler was one of the few women in the property management business back then, it was fine with her. “I wasn’t intimidated at all,” she said. “I wanted to learn and put myself right out there.” It’s true that when she went to a meeting with a male colleague, most of the questions were directed to that colleague. “Even if you did have the answers, there was no presumption that you knew anything or were good at your job, but that was how it was. That was the business,” said Ms. Winkler, who is very much of the “if you don’t want ants in your food, don’t go on picnics” school of thought. “Either you accepted it and proved you were better than your male colleagues, or you got upset.”At least in part because of her own experiences, she has made a point of bringing women into the business and mentoring them, she said: “I hope I’m a role model to show them you can reach the top of your profession.”For weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here. Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together.In 1896, Adolph S. Ochs, the 38-year-old publisher of what is now The Chattanooga Times Free Press, was wrestling with a problem. That March, he had received a telegram from Harry Alloway, an acquaintance and reporter for The New York Times, a paper in decay. Mr. Alloway wrote that after years of struggling, The Times could be bought for a relatively small amount of money. It was in desperate need of rescue, but Mr. Ochs didn’t think he was capable of taking on such a challenge.Herman H. Kohlsaat, the owner of The Chicago Times-Herald, gave Mr. Ochs some advice over dinner: “Don’t tell anybody, and they’ll never find out.”Eventually he was persuaded. A day after assuming the role of publisher of The Times, Mr. Ochs made a promise in the pages of the paper, under the headline “Business Announcement”: “to give the news impartially, without fear or favor, regardless of party, sect, or interests involved.” Those few words, it turned out, would help bring the paper back from the brink.Impartiality, in which a clear distinction is drawn between the editorial section and the news report, is a cornerstone of newspapers today. But in the late 19th century, it was somewhat unusual. Papers openly aligned with political parties, and journalists often wove their opinions into their articles. New York tabloids known as penny presses thrived in such an environment; during the Spanish-American War, for example, William Randolph Hearst’s New York Journal and Joseph Pulitzer’s New York World made a killing providing so-called “yellow journalism” to readers — exaggerated and sometimes fantastical accounts of the war, available for just 1 cent.Mr. Ochs had faced a similar situation in Chattanooga. The population there, torn apart in previous decades by the Civil War, was mistrustful; he revitalized the declining and mismanaged paper by developing its reputation for reliable and dispassionate coverage.In 1896, The Times was the fourth-largest of the serious newspapers in New York City. There was The New York Sun, which, in Mr. Ochs’s opinion, was weak in reporting; The New York Herald, which catered to high society; and The New York Tribune, which made no secret of its Republican leanings. (The Times itself had demonstrated both Republican and Democratic political biases at different times over its five-decade existence, and leaned Democrat since the election of Grover Cleveland in 1884.) In other words, there was room in the market for a paper readers could trust.The Times needed some fixing up in other ways as well. The paper was difficult to read and lacked the necessary funds to produce regular photography, which Mr. Ochs immediately addressed by changing the type and improving the presses. Cuts were made — including serial fiction — as well as additions, some of which remain to this day: Mr. Ochs’s wife, Effie Wise Ochs, loved literature and persuaded him to add a book review.Under new management, advertisers called more, and The Times earned back much of its former respect from readers. But by the beginning of the Spanish-American War in 1898, it was still in debt, and its long-term viability was still in doubt. While The New York Journal and The New York World were able to use the profits reaped from selling sensationalized reports to send boats full of correspondents to the conflict, The Times published Associated Press articles because of a lack of funds.After the war, struggling circulation drove Mr. Ochs to execute one of the riskiest business decisions of his career: He lowered the cost of the paper to 1 cent, from 3 cents.Some of the paper’s staff at the time argued that the new price would place The Times in the same disreputable category as the yellow papers. Unrelenting, Mr. Ochs insisted that the paper would remain committed to the standards he had set a few years earlier — no fear, no favor — and said he believed a large number of potential readers in the penny market would gladly switch over.He was right. By the turn of the 20th century, circulation was almost 91,000, up from 9,000 when the paper was bought just four years earlier. Andrew Carnegie, one of the richest men alive, called the paper “the best cent’s worth” in the world.Follow the @ReaderCenter on Twitter for more coverage highlighting your perspectives and experiences and for insight into how we work.LONDON — Famous figures from across the fashion business and beyond remembered Karl Lagerfeld, the most prolific fashion designer of the 20th and 21st centuries, who died in Paris on Tuesday at what is believed to be the age of 85. (His age was disputed.)Mr. Lagerfeld, whose cause of death has not yet been disclosed but who had dealt with health issues for some time, was praised for his pioneering designs and showstopping runway sets, as well as his often outrageous opinions. Here is a roundup of some of what was said:Fashion FiguresAnna WintourThe Vogue editor paid tribute to her longtime friend on the magazine’s website on Tuesday. Ms. Wintour regularly wore Chanel to the most high-profile and significant events, from the Met Gala to her son’s wedding. Gigi HadidThe supermodel regularly worked with Mr. Lagerfeld, walking in Chanel runway shows and starring in Fendi advertising campaigns. On Instagram she expressed gratitude for his support and for “the honor of knowing the magic behind the myth.”Silvia FendiMs. Fendi worked with Mr. Lagerfeld for many years at the Italian design house that bears her family name. He joined Fendi as creative director in 1965.Clare Waight KellerThe British designer, who is the creative director of Givenchy, called Mr. Lagerfeld an “inspirational force” to other creative directors in the fashion industry. Hollywood and Music StarsLily AllenThe British pop singer had been a Lagerfeld muse for many years and was a regular guest at Chanel runway shows. On Twitter she wrote, “You made me feel like a princess. I never quite understood what you saw in me but I am forever grateful for the support that you and Chanel have given me over the last 15 years.”Gwyneth PaltrowThe actress posted a selfie with Mr. Lagerfeld on Instagram after the news of his death. Ms. Paltrow attended a Chanel couture show in 2016 and wore Mr. Lagerfeld’s designs on the red carpet. “There will never be another like you,” she wrote.BusinessBernard ArnaultThe LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton chairman and chief executive Bernard Arnault remembered Mr. Lagerfeld. LVMH is the parent group for Fendi, where Mr. Lagerfeld was the creative director. Alain WertheimerAlain and Gérard Wertheimer are the reclusive billionaire brothers who control Chanel. Alain is the chief executive of the company.Famous FansMelania TrumpThe first lady, a regular client of Chanel and Fendi, posted a tribute on Twitter. Last April, she wore a sleeveless Chanel gown to greet President Emmanuel Macron of France and his wife, Brigitte Macron, for a state dinner at the White House.Carla BruniThe onetime supermodel, former first lady of France and mainstay of the Chanel front row remembered Mr. Lagerfeld on her Instagram account.Three decades ago, Donald J. Trump waged a public battle with the talk show host Merv Griffin to take control of what would become Mr. Trump’s third Atlantic City casino. Executives at Mr. Trump’s company warned that the casino would siphon revenue from the others. Analysts predicted the associated debt would crush him.The naysayers would be proved right, but throughout the turmoil Mr. Trump fixated on just one outcome: declaring himself a winner and Mr. Griffin a loser.As president, Mr. Trump has displayed a similar fixation in his standoff with Congress over leveraging a government shutdown to gain funding for a wall on the Mexican border. As he did during decades in business, Mr. Trump has insulted adversaries, undermined his aides, repeatedly changed course, extolled his primacy as a negotiator and induced chaos.“He hasn’t changed at all,” said Jack O’Donnell, who ran a casino for Mr. Trump in the 1980s and wrote a book about it. “And it’s only people who have been around him through the years who realize that.”Mr. Trump briefly seemed to follow a more conventional approach for a president seeking consensus: encouraging his party leaders in Congress to negotiate a deal. Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican majority leader, shepherded a compromise in December that would have kept the government open and put off negotiations over a wall and other border security measures.Mr. Trump was expected to sign off on the deal, but then came the suggestion from conservative critics that he had caved in to Democrats — that he was a loser. It was a perception Mr. Trump could not bear, and he quickly reversed course.He also reverted to lifelong patterns in business. People who worked with him during those years say they see multiple parallels between Mr. Trump the businessman and Mr. Trump the steward of the country’s longest government shutdown.His lack of public empathy for unpaid federal workers echoes his treatment of some construction workers, contractors and lawyers whom he refused to pay for their work on his real estate projects. The plight of the farmers and small-business owners wilting without the financial support pledged by his administration harks back to the multiple lenders and investors who financed Mr. Trump’s business ventures only to come up shortchanged.And his ever-changing positions (I’ll own the shutdown; you own the shutdown; the wall could be steel; it must be concrete; then again, it could be steel) have left heads in both parties spinning. Even after his televised proposal on Saturday to break the deadlock, Mr. Trump has no progress to show.“I think he was always a terrible negotiator,” said Tony Schwartz, co-author with Mr. Trump of “The Art of the Deal.”That book, published in 1987, was intended to be an autobiography of Mr. Trump, who was 41 at the time. Mr. Schwartz said that he created the idea of Mr. Trump as a great deal maker as a literary device to give the book a unifying theme. He said he came to regret the contribution as he watched Mr. Trump seize on the label to sell himself as something he was not — a solver of complicated problems.Rather, Mr. Schwartz said, Mr. Trump’s “virtue” in negotiating was his relentlessness and lack of concern for anything but claiming victory.“If you don’t care what the collateral damage you create is, then you have a potential advantage,” he said. “He used a hammer, deceit, relentlessness and an absence of conscience as a formula for getting what he wanted.”In a brief telephone interview on Sunday, Mr. Trump was not specific in defending his tactics, but he described himself as successful in his chosen fields of real estate, entertainment and finally politics. “I ran for office once and I won,” Mr. Trump said.The president’s supporters say he gets an unfair rap as a poor negotiator, saying that his style and unusual approach — and unwillingness to accept defeat even in the worst situations — have often had positive results. And in a Washington that doesn’t like outsiders, he has clearly forced his adversaries out of their comfort zones.“President Trump’s success in business has translated into success as president,” Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, said. “He’s ignited a booming economy with rising wages and historically low unemployment, negotiated better trade deals, persuaded our allies to contribute their fair share to NATO, and secured the release of American hostages around the world.”Representative Peter King, Republican of Long Island, said that even as Mr. Trump’s personal popularity had taken a hit during the shutdown, public support for his stated ambition — the border wall — had grown.“Having the bad hand that he dealt himself at the beginning, I think he’s making the best of it, better than anybody else could,” Mr. King said. “Only he would have the stamina, the determination to just keep going.”One example of that stamina — seen by others as evidence of unreliability — recounted in Mr. O’Donnell’s book, “Trumped! The Inside Story of the Real Donald Trump — His Cunning Rise and Spectacular Fall,” written with James Rutherford, involved the construction of an exclusive lounge at the top of a casino.Mr. Trump liked very high ceilings, according to the account. He screamed and cursed when he was told some ceilings had to be low to allow for pipes. He begrudgingly acquiesced. But he had forgotten by the time he next visited the construction site. He cursed again. Was reminded again. To the bewilderment of his executives, that cycle repeated itself several times.Finally, toward the end of construction, Mr. Trump reamed an executive with vulgarities, leapt up and punched a hole in one of the low ceilings. “After that day,” Mr. O’Donnell wrote, “Donald never set foot inside it again if he could help it.”In recent weeks, Mr. Trump has similarly laced into his acting chief of staff, Mick Mulvaney.Mr. Mulvaney pursued a rather standard tactic in ending the impasse over border security and a wall: He tried to find middle ground between the $1.3 billion to which Democrats had once agreed, and the president’s demand for $5.7 billion. But upon learning of Mr. Mulvaney’s efforts, Mr. Trump snarled in front of a crowded room that Mr. Mulvaney had messed “it all up” (using a vulgarity, according to two White House officials familiar with the remark.)“We are getting crushed!” Mr. Trump told Mr. Mulvaney, after watching television coverage of the shutdown.During his years in business, Mr. Trump earned a reputation as someone whose word meant very little. When a commitment he made no longer made sense, he walked away, often blaming the other party with a fantastical line of reasoning.To win financing from Deutsche Bank to build a Trump Hotel in Chicago, for example, Mr. Trump personally guaranteed $40 million of the debt. When he could not make his payments during the 2008 financial crisis, Deutsche Bank executives were open to granting him more time to repay the loan, a person briefed on negotiations later recalled.But before a compromise could be reached, Mr. Trump flipped the script. He filed a lawsuit and argued that the bank had helped cause the worldwide financial meltdown that essentially rendered Mr. Trump unable to make his debt payments. At the time, Deutsche Bank called the lawsuit “classic Trump.”The bank eventually settled with Mr. Trump, saving him from having to pay the $40 million. Mr. Trump expressed his gratitude to the lawyer who fought on his behalf by not fully paying his bill. “He left me with some costs,” said the lawyer, Steven Schlesinger.From the time he built his first Manhattan apartment building, Mr. Trump left a string of unpaid tabs for the people who worked for him.The undocumented Polish workers who did the demolition work for that first building, Trump Tower, eventually won a $1.375 million settlement. Since then, scores of lawyers, contractors, engineers and waiters have sued Mr. Trump for unpaid bills or pay. Typically, he responds by asserting that their work did not meet his standard.That might sound familiar to furloughed federal workers. Mr. Trump recently retweeted an article, attributed to an anonymous senior official in his administration, arguing that 80 percent of federal workers do “nothing of external value” and that “furloughed employees should find other work, never return and not be paid.”Mr. Trump has claimed, without evidence, that “maybe most” federal workers going without pay are “the biggest fan” of his use of the shutdown to fund a border wall. In ordering thousands back to work without pay, he has put the pain for the shutdown on them.Mr. Trump has also embraced his business practice of giving the most latitude and trust to family members, no matter their prior experience.He put his first wife, Ivana, a model, in charge of an Atlantic City casino and the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan. He put his younger brother, Robert, who had some background in corporate finance, in senior positions at the casinos. Not long after three of his children graduated from college, he vested authority in them over golf courses, hotels and licensing deals.In the White House, Mr. Trump has increasingly leaned on his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, for guidance on dealing with Congress amid the current stalemate. Mr. Kushner, who like Mr. Trump is the son of a wealthy real estate developer, has not always impressed old hands on Capitol Hill.He began some early conversations by saying that Democrats would need to yield because his father-in-law would not budge, a statement that lawmakers found naïve, according to Democrats familiar with the remarks.With Democrats now in charge of the House of Representatives, Mr. Trump also has a new set of adversaries, and other old habits from his years in business have re-emerged.Through his Twitter feed, he has verbally pummeled Senator Chuck Schumer, the minority leader, and tried to drive a wedge between Mr. Schumer and his fellow Democrat, Speaker Nancy Pelosi.Barbara Res, who said she enjoyed much about working for Mr. Trump as a construction executive in the 1980s and 1990s, sees in Ms. Pelosi a new challenge to Mr. Trump’s lifelong tactics. One blind spot she observed was that Mr. Trump “believes he’s better than anyone who ever lived” and saw even the most capable of women as easy to run over.“But there was never a woman with power that he ran up against, until Pelosi,” she said. “And he doesn’t know what to do with it. He’s totally in a corner.”In the interview, Mr. Trump described Ms. Res, Mr. O’Donnell and Mr. Schwartz as disgruntled workers whom he had shunted aside, who had experience with him for relatively brief periods and who were simply using his name for attention.During his years in business, Mr. Trump rarely displayed an interest in details or expert opinions that might have informed whether his plans would actually work. That pattern has also emerged in the shutdown dispute.Thirty years ago, his claimed defeat of Mr. Griffin turned out to be a Pyrrhic victory.Within months of completing construction on his third casino, the Trump Taj Mahal, he could not pay interest to the bondholders who had financed the project. Having overpaid and overleveraged himself on other deals, banks forced him to turnover or sell almost everything.His wealthy father helped bail him out. But Mr. Trump blamed everyone else. He fired nearly all his top executives and stopped paying contractors who had built the casino.In describing the border wall, Mr. Trump has expressed unending confidence in its efficacy. Others, including Representative Will Hurd, a Republican whose Texas district includes part of the border with Mexico, have described it as a tall speed bump, nearly useless without technology to spot illegal crossings immediately and dispatch border agents to quickly respond.Mr. O’Donnell, the casino manager, said long-term consequences never concerned Mr. Trump. He was always willing to pay too much in order to get a deal signed so he could declare victory, he said.“He just wants to get the deal,” Mr. O’Donnell said.Before entering a mosque in Christchurch, New Zealand, the site of one of the deadliest mass murders in the country’s history, a gunman paused to endorse a YouTube star in a video that appeared to capture the shooting.“Remember, lads, subscribe to PewDiePie,” he said.To an untrained eye, this would have seemed like a bizarre detour.But the people watching the video stream recognized it as something entirely different: a meme.Like many of the things done before the attack on Friday — like the posting of a 74-page manifesto that named a specific internet figure — the PewDiePie endorsement served two purposes. For followers of the killer’s videostream, it was a kind of satirical Easter egg. “Subscribe to PewDiePie,” which began as a grass-roots online attempt to keep the popular YouTube entertainer from being dethroned as the site’s most-followed account, has morphed into a kind of all-purpose cultural bat signal for the young and internet-absorbed.For everyone else, it was a booby trap, a joke designed to ensnare unsuspecting people and members of the media into taking it too literally. The goal, if there was one, may have been to pull a popular internet figure into a fractious blame game and inflame political tensions everywhere. In a tweet early Friday morning, PewDiePie, whose real name is Felix Kjellberg, said, “I feel absolutely sickened having my name uttered by this person.”New Zealand authorities have identified an accused gunman as Brenton Harrison Tarrant, 28, but it remains unclear if he acted alone.The details that have emerged about the Christchurch shooting — at least 49 were killed in an attack on two mosques — are horrifying. But a surprising thing about it is how unmistakably online the violence was, and how aware the shooter on the videostream appears to have been about how his act would be viewed and interpreted by distinct internet subcultures.In some ways, it felt like a first — an internet-native mass shooting, conceived and produced entirely within the irony-soaked discourse of modern extremism.The attack was teased on Twitter, announced on the online message board 8chan and broadcast live on Facebook. The footage was then replayed endlessly on YouTube, Twitter and Reddit, as the platforms scrambled to take down the clips nearly as fast as new copies popped up to replace them. In a statement on Twitter, Facebook said it had “quickly removed both the shooter’s Facebook and Instagram accounts and the video,” and was taking down instances of praise or support for the shooting. YouTube said it was “working vigilantly to remove any violent footage” of the attack. Reddit said in a statement that it was taking down “content containing links to the video stream or manifesto.”Even the language used to describe the attack before the fact framed it as an act of internet activism. In a post on 8chan, the shooting was referred to as a “real life effort post.” An image was titled “screw your optics,” a reference to a line posted by the man accused in the Pittsburgh synagogue shooting that later became a kind of catchphrase among neo-Nazis. And the manifesto — a wordy mixture of white nationalist boilerplate, fascist declarations and references to obscure internet jokes — seems to have been written from the bottom of an algorithmic rabbit hole.It would be unfair to blame the internet for this. Motives are complex, lives are complicated, and we don’t yet know all the details about the shooting. Anti-Muslim violence is not an online phenomenon, and white nationalist hatred long predates 4Chan and Reddit.But we do know that the design of internet platforms can create and reinforce extremist beliefs. Their recommendation algorithms often steer users toward edgier content, a loop that results in more time spent on the app, and more advertising revenue for the company. Their hate speech policies are weakly enforced. And their practices for removing graphic videos — like the ones that circulated on social media for hours after the Christchurch shooting, despite the companies’ attempts to remove them — are inconsistent at best.We also know that many recent acts of offline violence bear the internet’s imprint. Robert Bowers, the man charged with killing 11 people and wounding six others at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh, was a frequent user of Gab, a social media platform beloved by extremists. Cesar Sayoc, the man charged with sending explosives to prominent critics of President Trump last year, was immersed in a cesspool of right-wing Facebook and Twitter memes.People used to conceive of “online extremism” as distinct from the extremism that took form in the physical world. If anything, the racism and bigotry on internet message boards felt a little less dangerous than the prospect of Ku Klux Klan marches or skinhead rallies.[Read about the challenges of reporting on a shooting that was set up “as almost an internet performance.”]Now, online extremism is just regular extremism on steroids. There is no offline equivalent of the experience of being algorithmically nudged toward a more strident version of your existing beliefs, or having an invisible hand steer you from gaming videos to neo-Nazism. The internet is now the place where the seeds of extremism are planted and watered, where platform incentives guide creators toward the ideological poles, and where people with hateful and violent beliefs can find and feed off one another.So the pattern continues. People become fluent in the culture of online extremism, they make and consume edgy memes, they cluster and harden. And once in a while, one of them erupts.In the coming days, we should attempt to find meaning in the lives of the victims of the Christchurch attack, and not glorify the attention-grabbing tactics of the gunman. We should also address the specific horror of anti-Muslim violence.At the same time, we need to understand and address the poisonous pipeline of extremism that has emerged over the past several years, whose ultimate effects are impossible to quantify but clearly far too big to ignore. It’s not going away, and it’s not particularly getting better. We will feel it for years to come.On Dec. 14, 2017, Sara Tirschwell was called into an unscheduled meeting with the general counsel and chief compliance officer of her employer, the giant asset-management firm TCW. Ms. Tirschwell, 53, was an experienced investor who had been hired the previous year to raise and run a new distressed debt fund for TCW. Entering the conference room, high above Midtown Manhattan, she wasn’t sure what the meeting was about. It didn’t take long for her to find out: She was being fired.TCW alleged that just days earlier, Ms. Tirschwell breached an ethical wall by telling an employee in a different department about a potential deal. It was Ms. Tirschwell’s fifth violation in less than 18 months, the company said — more than any other employee had accumulated in such a short time, and cause for termination.As Ms. Tirschwell sat there processing the news, the chief executive of TCW, David Lippman, walked into the room. The company would offer her a severance package of $500,000 if she signed an agreement promising not to sue. “Look at me,” she recalled Mr. Lippman saying, according to a court filing. “This is not negotiable.”Ms. Tirschwell left the meeting without accepting the offer. This wasn’t actually about compliance, she believed. It was retaliation. Because there was an entirely different narrative that Ms. Tirschwell thought explained why TCW was so eager to get rid of her: Just nine days earlier, she had made a formal complaint of sexual harassment.On Dec. 5, Ms. Tirschwell had written TCW’s head of human resources to complain that her boss, Jess Ravich, had pressured her into sex several times during her tenure with the firm. When she stopped sleeping with Mr. Ravich, she claimed, he stopped supporting her fund, making it impossible for her to succeed at her job. The day after receiving her complaint, the human resources head and general counsel interviewed Ms. Tirschwell and promised to investigate. But then came her firing.In January 2018, Ms. Tirschwell sued TCW, Mr. Ravich and Mr. Lippman for retaliation, gender discrimination and breach of contract, claiming damages in excess of $30 million. TCW, the complaint says, “manufactured a potentially career-ending charge by falsely accusing Tirschwell” and tried to “force a quiet exit” by having her drop her claims.TCW, Mr. Lippman and Mr. Ravich deny the accusations. “These allegations are completely false,” Mr. Ravich said in a statement provided by his lawyer. He added, “As one of the seed investors in the distressed fund, it was in my financial best interest to help the fund succeed. Any claim that I withheld support for the fund is preposterous and completely illogical. I was Sara’s biggest supporter at TCW and had no role in the decision to fire her.”[Sign up for “With Interest.” It’s a Sunday newsletter with essential business insights that’ll prep you for the week ahead.]Though little known beyond the world of finance, TCW is one of the most powerful names on Wall Street, managing some $191 billion for clients, including enormous pension funds in California and Texas. With headquarters in Los Angeles, the firm last made big headlines a decade ago, after the firing of a star bond investor, Jeffrey Gundlach, set off a sensational legal battle and revealed a sometimes raucous company culture. Since then, TCW has operated mostly under the radar — until Ms. Tirschwell’s lawsuit.More than a year into the litigation, the two sides are at loggerheads. Unusually for a Wall Street firm, TCW has refused to settle, alleging that Ms. Tirschwell was a difficult and underperforming employee who saw she was in trouble and lodged a sexual harassment complaint before the company had the chance to let her go. Complicating matters, Ms. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich had been dating as recently as 2013. When she joined TCW, her ex-boyfriend was suddenly her boss.The case is slogging its way through the court system. Discovery is ongoing, there is zero talk of cutting a deal, and unless something dramatic happens, Sara Tirschwell v. TCW Group, David Lippman and Jess Ravich could become the first major Wall Street case of the #MeToo era to go to trial.Days in court have been rare for the movement — and rarer still for Wall Street, where grievances are typically dealt with in private, and by wire transfer, when they are dealt with at all. Ms. Tirschwell’s battle with TCW is changing that, offering an uncommon look at how sex, money and power really work in a supposedly rarefied industry. But in a case this charged — with Ms. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich directly contradicting each other in court filings — anyone looking for a tidy outcome is bound to be disappointed.A startling narrativeMs. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich first met around 1994, when she worked for a trading firm called Libra Securities, where he was the chief executive. After she left the company, they lost touch until 2011 or 2012, when they reconnected and dated for about a year.In 2015, Ms. Tirschwell began discussing the prospect of starting a new distressed debt fund with Mr. Ravich. He was living in Los Angeles and working as head of alternative products at TCW — an influential position that empowered him to launch new offerings and make key hires. Ms. Tirschwell started consulting for TCW, then joined the company as an employee in September 2016, reporting to Mr. Ravich.Intimate relations between employees and their managers are “strictly prohibited” at TCW, according to the company handbook. TCW was aware that Ms. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich had once dated, and it allowed her hiring to proceed. A TCW spokesman said Mr. Lippman spoke to both Ms. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich, and that they both pledged to keep things professional.But by this time, Ms. Tirschwell alleges, Mr. Ravich had already been pressuring her to have sex. In her lawsuit, she claims that “in or about April or early May 2016,” the two planned to have breakfast at Jean-Georges, a restaurant located in the Trump International Hotel & Tower on Central Park West, where Mr. Ravich had an apartment.According to the lawsuit, Mr. Ravich changed the plan and asked her to meet him upstairs at his apartment. When Ms. Tirschwell arrived, the suit claims, “he opened the door dressed in his white terry bathrobe.” After Mr. Ravich boasted about how much he had done for her, “he then made inappropriate and unwelcome sexual advances,” making her “feel as if rejection would mean the end of Ravich’s crucial support.”Ms. Tirschwell was “worried that if she refused him, the fund itself would never get off the ground,” the suit says, adding that “she reluctantly acquiesced.” The complaint alleges that Mr. Ravich took Ms. Tirschwell by the hand and “led her to the bedroom, where they had sex.” Afterward, it says, Ms. Tirschwell “jumped out of bed,” got dressed and left, feeling “sullied by the experience.”In her complaint, Ms. Tirschwell alleges that this incident was “the first of seven or eight” that Mr. Ravich arranged over the course of a year. Mr. Ravich “would usually answer his apartment door dressed in only his white terry bathrobe,” suggesting that “he expected sex as part of their business meeting.” Again and again, the lawsuit says, Ms. Tirschwell “felt she had no alternative but to acquiesce.” She also alleges that Mr. Ravich groped her in the TCW offices.All the while, Mr. Ravich worked to help Ms. Tirschwell’s fund get started. Ms. Tirschwell alleges that she stopped having sex with Mr. Ravich in February 2017, and that afterward, he withdrew support for her fund, depriving her of necessary accounting support, trade settlements and introductions to potential investors, and ultimately conspired with others at the firm to have her fired.Ms. Tirschwell’s experience might seem like the latest in a grim procession of #MeToo allegations. But her claims against TCW, Mr. Ravich and Mr. Lippman are complicated by a number of factors. Chief among them: Ms. Tirschwell can’t remember many of the events in question.I ‘don’t remember,’ 46 timesOn a frigid day in February, I went to the law offices of Storch Amini in Midtown Manhattan, where I met Ms. Tirschwell for the first time. We spoke for nearly six hours, discussing her career on Wall Street, her experience at TCW and the allegations in her lawsuit.“He had the power to make or break my professional trajectory,” she told me. “If he didn’t have that power, I would not have had sex with him. That’s my shame. My shame is that I played his game.”Ms. Tirschwell’s legal filing was thin on details, as is common for such complaints, and I hoped she would clarify exactly what had happened. Eventually, I asked her when the first incident took place.“I don’t know when the breakfast meeting was,” she said. “I don’t know if it was in April or May.”There is no record of them having breakfast in April or early May — no calendar appointment or email, for example — and I asked her how the meeting was scheduled.“I don’t remember how that meeting came to be,” she said.The first date for which there is a record of Ms. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich having breakfast in his apartment is May 24, 2016. When I asked her to describe what happened that day, Ms. Tirschwell offered a brief account that matched the claims in her complaint, but did not include any other specifics.I then asked if there was another such encounter between May 24 and July 8, the next date there is a record of them having breakfast at his apartment.“Don’t know,” Ms. Tirschwell said.I asked her to describe what happened on July 8.“I don’t remember,” she said.“Nothing about it?”“I don’t remember,” she said.I asked Ms. Tirschwell to describe the events of Sept. 8, another date when there is a record of them having breakfast at his apartment.“Don’t remember,” she said.I asked her if she told anyone what was happening at the time.“I don’t remember,” she said. “I don’t remember talking about it.”Each time I asked Ms. Tirschwell to provide details of the dates, circumstances or experiences of the seven or eight instances she says she had sex with Mr. Ravich in his apartment, she struggled to remember the events in any detail. In total, Ms. Tirschwell used the phrase “don’t remember” some 46 times.After asking about the details in her complaint for nearly an hour, I asked her how, after 10 months of this, she finally communicated to Mr. Ravich that she would no longer have sex with him.“I don’t know,” she said, sounding frustrated. “I don’t know. I don’t remember.”‘Sex, and control’Though Ms. Tirschwell does not recall telling anyone about the alleged sexual harassment while it was happening, at least two people remember hearing about it.On May 24, 2016, Ulrika Parash, a confidante of Ms. Tirschwell’s, got a text from her friend. “Had sex w/Jess this morning,” read the message, which was reviewed by The New York Times.Ms. Parash said in an interview that after receiving the message, she spoke with Ms. Tirschwell, who told her that Mr. Ravich was making it seem like his support for her fund was contingent on her willingness to have sex.“He would dangle a carrot and take it back, dangle a carrot and take it back,” Ms. Parash said. “It was all predicated on whether she would give him what he wanted, and that was sex, and control over her.”Ms. Tirschwell also told her psychiatrist that she had resumed an intimate relationship with Mr. Ravich and “indicated that she didn’t want to continue it,” during appointments in 2016 and 2017, according to a deposition of the psychiatrist reviewed by The Times.And in hundreds of text messages between Ms. Tirschwell and Mr. Ravich reviewed by The Times, he engaged in banter that crossed the line between the professional and the personal. “Love u,” Mr. Ravich texted Ms. Tirschwell on her birthday. After Mr. Ravich agreed to give Ms. Tirschwell tickets to a New York Rangers hockey game, he texted her to ask, “And what do i get:).”He would sign texts with phrases like “Sweet dreams” and “Xx.” Once, when she texted him an innocuous photo, he replied, “Didn’t know what to expect when I opened a pix from you! :D.” Another time, Mr. Ravich seemed to suggest that he wanted to see her in the evening, if not for a houseguest. “At whiskey tasting,” he wrote. “If scott weren’t staying over....”The volume of their personal texting appears to slow after February 2017, which is when Ms. Tirschwell says she ended the sexual relationship. While she continued to sign texts “Xo,” Mr. Ravich displayed less affection, and the conversation became increasingly one-sided. Frequently, Ms. Tirschwell would try to get in touch with Mr. Ravich to discuss business. He tended to reply briefly, or sometimes not at all.Mr. Ravich’s lawyers argue, though, that the documentary trail exonerates him. TCW work calendars, they say, rule out the possibility of a morning sexual encounter for all but three dates between April 1 and Sept. 8 of 2016, with one or both of the two either out of town or accounted for. Mr. Ravich acknowledges that he and Ms. Tirschwell had breakfast in his apartment on those three occasions — on May 24, July 8 and Sept. 8 — but denies they had sex.He also disputes that he owns a white terry cloth bathrobe. Rather, his lawyers say, he has two cashmere robes, one pink and one red.A $100 million targetMs. Tirschwell joined TCW in September 2016 at a salary of $250,000, with a guaranteed bonus of at least $500,000. Her employment agreement stipulated that unless her new distressed debt strategy had $100 million in assets by March 31, 2017, her contract would terminate.The target turned out to be ambitious. Ms. Tirschwell and people she knew invested about $16 million, and Mr. Ravich and other TCW employees contributed about $14 million. The biggest outside investment, about $20 million, came from Michael Milken, the infamous junk bond investor. Mr. Ravich had once worked for Mr. Milken, and used his connections to help Ms. Tirschwell secure a deal.Over the course of a year, Ms. Tirschwell and her team had more than 150 meetings with potential investors. But despite these efforts, no additional investors came on as a result of the marketing. By February 2017, it was clear that the fund was not going to amass $100 million, and TCW extended the automatic termination deadline to Feb. 28, 2018.At times, Ms. Tirschwell expressed her frustration with the fund’s performance. “This was a pretty tough week,” she texted Mr. Ravich on June 17, 2017. She added that if the product failed to achieve a certain return, “I think we need to seriously consider liquidating. I do not want to lose $ for anyone.”In her complaint, Ms. Tirschwell said that after February 2017, TCW reduced her access to key resources. But in an email she sent Mr. Lippman on Nov. 16, 2017, with an update on the fund, she expressed some optimism. “Our team seems to be gelling,” she wrote. “I have great hopes for what we can accomplish in a way that reflects well on the broader TCW platform. Thank you for your support.”By the time Mr. Lippman received that email, Ms. Tirschwell’s fate at the firm was all but decided. TCW has alleged that her compliance transgressions include executing a trade order after its approval had expired; violating a “short swing” rule, raising concerns about insider trading; and engaging in what amounted to front-running, selling a security she held in her personal portfolio before she sold the same security in the fund she managed professionally. By mid-November, according to the firm’s response to her lawsuit, the decision had been made not to re-up her employment contract beyond February 2018 because her “ability to make good on her promises to raise $100 million … appeared speculative at best.”Ms. Tirschwell was also looking for a way out of TCW by September of that year, asking contacts for introductions to head hunters and seeking employment elsewhere, according to communications reviewed by The Times.Mr. Ravich’s lawyers say that he lobbied Mr. Lippman to keep her on and advocated that she receive additional bonus awards. But Mr. Lippman was unswayed, and Mr. Ravich told Ms. Tirschwell that it was unlikely her contract would be renewed. The two had informal discussions about a severance package, and Ms. Tirschwell asked for $2 million. Mr. Ravich said a severance of around $700,000 was more likely, according to her complaint.On Dec. 5, Mr. Ravich told Ms. Tirschwell that Mr. Lippman wanted to meet with her the next day, and that she would likely be told that her contract would not be re-upped. Later that day, Ms. Tirschwell made her complaint about sexual harassment.Meeting with the general counsel, Meredith Jackson, and the head of human resources the next day, Ms. Tirschwell told her story. Upon hearing it for the first time, Ms. Jackson was skeptical. “She was talking about what she described as nonconsensual sexual interaction that had happened recently, and she didn’t seem to remember anything about it, which I thought was very strange,” Ms. Jackson said in a deposition.Beyond finding Ms. Tirschwell’s allegations hard to believe, Ms. Jackson suggested they had the look of a shakedown. “Why hadn’t she raised a complaint earlier?” Ms. Jackson said. “The timing was convenient for someone to make a complaint on their way out the door.”Mr. Ravich joins the boardOn Dec. 27, 2017, just weeks after he had been accused of sexually harassing one of his employees, Mr. Ravich was publicly named to TCW’s board of directors. Mr. Ravich’s appointment was decided before Ms. Tirschwell lodged her complaint, and the company did not revisit the matter before it was announced.It was a short-lived tenure. On Oct. 4, 2018, Mr. Ravich stepped down from the board after an internal TCW investigation discovered “unprofessional communications” between him and Ms. Tirschwell.Little else has changed. Mr. Ravich is still running alternative products at TCW. Ms. Tirschwell is unemployed and working with lawyers to pursue her case. And TCW, which in December was named one of the “best places to work” by Pension & Investments, has largely moved on.The company said in a statement that since 2012, when Mr. Lippman became chief executive, the company has “received no complaints of sexual harassment or gender-based discrimination or hostile work environment other than the complaint made by Ms. Tirschwell.” Since Ms. Tirschwell filed her case, no other women have come forward with similar allegations against TCW or Mr. Ravich.Mr. Ravich has offered no explanation for his suggestive texts, or Ms. Tirschwell’s contemporaneous accounts to Ms. Parash and her psychiatrist. But in a deposition reviewed by The Times, Mr. Ravich said that if even some of Ms. Tirschwell’s allegations were true, he should be out of a job.“If I had sex with Sara while she was an employee of TCW, I should be terminated,” Mr. Ravich said. “And I would be terminated.”Ms. Tirschwell, meanwhile, has brushed aside her compliance violations as overblown, and blamed her inability to meet her fund-raising target on a conspiracy at TCW led by Mr. Ravich. As for why she has such vague memories of the alleged sexual encounters, Ms. Tirschwell said she just wasn’t sure.“I don’t know,” she said. “I don’t have it in this head.”ANGOULÊME, France — It’s a big year for comic book anniversaries. Batman’s 80th is this year, and Asterix is turning 60. But at the Angoulême International Comics Festival in France, which finished on Sunday, there was a sense that the form’s best days may be yet to come — in the French-speaking world, at least.“It’s a kind of golden age,” said Jean-Luc Fromental, a comic book author who also runs a graphic-novel imprint for the publisher Denoël. “There has never been so much talent. There have never been so many interesting books published.”There are now more comic books published annually in France and Belgium than ever before, according to the festival’s artistic director, Stéphane Beaujean. “The market has risen from 700 books per year in the 1990s to 5,000 this year,” he said in an interview. “I don’t know any cultural industry which has had that kind of increase.”Research by the market research company GfK, released to coincide with the festival, showed that turnover in the comic book industry in those two countries alone reached 510 million euros, or around $580 million, in 2018.The bumper year in France and Belgium contrasts with a mixed situation worldwide. Comichron, a website that reports on comic book sales in the United States, where the market is worth around $1 billion, says that sales there are declining.But in terms of respect and recognition, comics are on the way up. In July, “Sabrina,” by the American artist Nick Drnaso, became the first graphic novel to be nominated for the Man Booker Prize, Britain’s most prestigious literary award. “March: Book Three,” a graphic novel about the civil rights movement, won the National Book Award for Young People’s Literature in 2016.In Angoulême, a city about 450 kilometers, or 280 miles, southwest of Paris, comic books aren’t merely an annual preoccupation. Visitors arriving by train are greeted outside the station by an obelisk honoring René Goscinny, one of the creators of Asterix. There’s a comics museum, and a comics library.The festival, spread out in venues across the city, featured comic books on just about every conceivable subject — the life of Jules Verne, the wines of Burgundy, erotic stories set in space, even one whose main character is a gym sock. The St.-Martial church was repurposed as a shop specializing in comic book titles for Christian readers, whether modern spiritual tales or retellings of Bible stories.The Angoulême event is unusual in its embrace of comics from around the world, including, but not limited to, those from the three traditions that dominate the form here: French-Belgian, American and Japanese manga. “It’s the only place in the world where you can see all the comics created in the world,” said Beaujean, who this year has doubled the size of an area where publishers can buy rights to international titles.Books featuring classic characters like Donald Duck, Wonder Woman and Tintin were available in both freshly-printed form and as secondhand rarities. And while occasional encounters with men in superhero outfits are unavoidable at an event like this, Angoulême has a very different atmosphere from its American counterparts such as Comic-Con.“In America, it’s about the pop culture, which would include everything from Marvel movies to Lego,” said the American comic book artist Terry Moore, the author of a 26-year-old series, “Strangers in Paradise.” “In France, I’m seeing that it’s about books, books, books,” he said.On Saturday, France’s culture minister, Franck Riester, gave a speech comparing the event’s role in the world of comics to that of the Cannes Film Festival in cinema, and Jean-Michel Blanquer, the education minister, visited on Thursday. The attendance by government officials underscored the way the “ninth art,” as comic books are sometimes referred to in France, is not a niche pursuit but a mainstream activity.The Angoulême festival announces a number of prizes each year, their recipients chosen by fellow comics artists. This year, for the first time, women won both of the festival’s biggest awards. A jury of seven artists selected the debut graphic novel by the American author Emil Ferris, “My Favorite Thing Is Monsters,” as winner of the Fauve d’Or, or Golden Wildcat award, for the year’s best book.The Japanese Manga artist Rumiko Takahashi won the Grand Prix, the festival’s lifetime achievement award. Takahashi began publishing manga comics in 1978 and her books, including “Inuyasha,” about a time-traveling schoolgirl, have sold more than 200 million copies. She is only the second woman to win the prize.Angoulême is a cornerstone of the comics industry in France and Belgium, but some in the field say the exuberant headlines conceal a more complex picture. A common refrain is that the huge increase in titles has meant that, while there’s more money in the industry, there are also a greater number of authors grasping for a share of it.Benoît Peeters, an author of comic books who has also written a biography of the philosopher Jacques Derrida, said in an interview that despite the increase in overall readership, “the sales of each book, except for those like Asterix and manga, are going down.”Peeters founded an organization called The General State of Comics to lobby publishers and the French government to defend the interests of comic book artists.He said that publishers were hedging their bets by signing up for too many books, with smaller titles often receiving inadequate support as a result. “I think the publishers need to make some choices,” he said. “When they choose a book they have to defend it and promote it.”But in France, at least, comic books were taken seriously as an art form, Peeters said. “When I was a young author I came from a more literary world,” he said. “People said, ‘What are you doing with comics? You are a clever person. You should work with movies or literature.’ Now, nobody would say that.”Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Hi there! Have you too been sucked into the decluttering vortex of Marie Kondo’s new Netflix show? You’re in good company. Who knew sock folding could be such a phenomenon?I’m sure we’ve all got a lot of cleaning — er, “sparking joy” — to do today, so I’ll keep this week’s rundown of business news nice and tidy. Once you’re caught up, you’ll still have plenty of time to arrange all your T-shirts into neat little rectangles. It may not be quite as mesmerizing as watching strangers sort their laundry on television, but only just.JAN. 6-12What’s Up? Your Government, Not at WorkThe government shutdown continues to drag on, but at least tax refunds won’t be held up. The White House will order some Internal Revenue Service employees to return to work so that the tax filing season can begin and refunds can be issued. But this is a rare positive turn as the shutdown’s effects pile up. Crucial government loans have stalled. The Food and Drug Administration has stopped routine safety inspections of vegetables, fish, and other groceries (yikes). The Miami airport is closing a terminal because of a shortage of Transportation Security Administration officers. And despite volunteers' efforts, the public bathrooms at some national parks remain gross.The Fed’s Cooler HeadYou can stop fretting about loan rates going up, at least for now. The Fed is taking a more cautious approach to raising interest rates, according to documents released from its December meeting. Like the rest of us, officials are wary about downshifts in economic growth and trade tensions with China. (The latter seemed a bit less ominous after trade talks last week, but bigger sticking points have yet to be resolved.) The Fed still plans to increase rates twice this year, but probably not at its January or March meetings. As the Fed’s chairman, Jerome H. Powell, put it on Thursday, “We’re going to be patient and watching, and waiting and seeing.”Another Glass Ceiling BreaksCBS News made a surprise announcement on Sunday that Susan Zirinsky would succeed David Rhodes as its new (and first female) president. The inspiration for the ambitious, principled character played by Holly Hunter in the movie “Broadcast News,” Ms. Zirinsky has been at CBS for over four decades. She’s got her work cut out for her: The network has recently weathered numerous bombshells about its corporate culture and fired several prominent figures — most notably its morning show anchor Charlie Rose and its chief executive, Leslie Moonves — after they were accused of sexual misconduct.JAN. 13-19What’s Next? This Song Again?Yes, we’ve heard this before: The British Parliament will vote this Tuesday on a proposal for Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union. No one expects the beleaguered Brexit plan to pass, just as it didn’t back in December, and Prime Minister Theresa May is scrambling to pull together a backup strategy. Desperate measures may soon be in order, and Chancellor Sebastian Kurz of Austria became the first European Union leader to suggest an extension of Brexit’s March 29 deadline. But would more time change anybody’s mind?It’s Earnings SeasonThe six largest banks in the United States will report their fourth-quarter results this week. If they report lower than expected numbers, the news could be read as another canary in the coal mine for a potential economic slowdown. Most banks have booked record returns for almost a year, thanks to tax cuts and a humming economy, but volatile markets at the end of 2018 could have put an end to this streak. Citigroup will release its earnings on Monday, followed by JPMorgan and Wells Fargo on Tuesday and Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and Bank of America on Wednesday.More Bad BloodWe haven’t heard much recently about Theranos, the seemingly miraculous blood-testing start-up that last year turned out to a giant fraud. But that may change on Monday, when a federal court in California holds a hearing on criminal charges against Theranos’s former chief executive, Elizabeth Holmes, and its former president, Ramesh “Sunny” Balwani (also Ms. Holmes’s erstwhile boyfriend). Indicted on charges of conspiracy and wire fraud last summer, they could each face prison sentences of up to 20 years.What Else?Lots of car news these days. The North American International Auto Show, one of the world’s biggest, hits Detroit on Monday; electric cars are expected to be a hot topic. Fiat Chrysler agreed on Wednesday to pay nearly $650 million to settle lawsuits over its use of illegal software on diesel vehicles to produce false results on emissions tests. Tangentially related: The Chrysler building — once New York City’s tallest structure — is for sale.What Counts$137 billion: The net worth of Jeff Bezos, Amazon’s chief executive and the world’s richest man. But that number may soon change, as Mr. Bezos and his wife of 25 years, MacKenzie Bezos, announced their divorce last Wednesday. Ms. Bezos, a novelist, may be entitled to a sizable stake in Amazon as well as half of all those billions, which would make her — you guessed it — the world’s richest woman.WASHINGTON — Rhona Graff, President Trump’s longtime executive assistant, was asked for documents related to foreign governments providing gifts or money to Ivanka Trump or her businesses.Anatoli Samochornov, the Russian translator who sat in on a meeting between Trump campaign officials and Russian lobbyists, was asked to hand over handwritten notes showing any capital investment from Russian entities to Ms. Trump or her businesses.And Jeff Sessions, the former attorney general, was asked for any documents related to loans or capital investments from Russians directed to Ms. Trump.The president’s elder daughter and top White House adviser was notably absent from a blitz of document requests that the House Judiciary Committee sent earlier this month to 81 individuals and organizations linked to the president. House Democrats have been cautious about targeting Ms. Trump and the other Trump children as they investigate the president, worried about triggering a backlash.But a close read of the document requests suggests they aren’t exactly tiptoeing around the first daughter, either.Of the 81 document requests sent, 52 individuals and organizations were asked to turn over documents related to Ms. Trump or her business interests.White House officials are viewing the document requests as an attempt by the House Judiciary Committee to set the stage for potentially impeaching the president. But the inquiries related to Ms. Trump follow a side track: They ask for documents related to any financial benefit that Ms. Trump or her businesses reaped from foreign and domestic governments after the 2016 election. And they provide a hint of how Representative Jerrold Nadler of New York, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, may be planning to look into potential financial conflicts of interest from Ms. Trump.“She’d be in violation of the Constitution if she was getting any business deals from foreign governments,” said Richard W. Painter, who served as chief ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush. Mr. Painter was referring to the emoluments clause of the Constitution, which prohibits government officials from accepting payments or gifts from foreign governments.“They’re also going after other payments that aren’t emoluments clause violations that we ought to know about that could be creating financial conflicts of interest for her,” Mr. Painter said. “The idea here is to get an awful lot of information we would have had if there had been more detailed disclosures about the entities the Trump family controls.”A spokesman for the House Judiciary Committee declined to comment on the committee’s interest in Ms. Trump. But Mr. Nadler has said that the 81 requests were only the first tranche and that requests to others, including Ms. Trump, could “quite conceivably” follow.The characters working behind the scenes on the document requests also provide a hint of what the Judiciary Committee is looking for. In February, House Democrats retained Norman L. Eisen, a litigator and prominent Trump critic, to begin its inquiries into the president. Mr. Eisen, who played a large role in overseeing the document requests, has also been vocal about potential emoluments clause violations from the president and his family. In December 2016, for instance, he was an author of a report for the Brookings Institution, “The Emoluments Clause: Its text, meaning, and application to Donald J. Trump.”Ms. Trump and her husband, Jared Kushner, never completely divested from their companies even after taking top White House positions. Their income in 2017, from various investments they remained involved in through vehicles and trusts, was $82 million to $222 million, according to their ethics disclosures. In 2017, Ms. Trump earned more than $5 million from her namesake fashion brand, according to financial disclosures.In July 2018, Ms. Trump shut down her fashion brand, amid concerns that the family was profiting from the presidency. But she has continued to seek trademarks in China to avoid competitors from profiting off her name, according to a spokeswoman.House Democrats appear to be looking to see if she leveraged her role in government to profit for herself.Among those asked to produce documents that could show foreign-government involvement with Ms. Trump are George Nader, the Lebanese-American businessman who is cooperating with the special counsel’s inquiry; Erik Prince, the founder of the security contractor formerly known as Blackwater; Matthew Calamari, the former Trump bodyguard turned businessman; and Hope Hicks, a former White House communications director.Others were Corey Lewandowski, the former Trump campaign manager; Michael T. Flynn, the former national security adviser, and Allen Weisselberg, the chief financial officer of the Trump Organization.Sarah Huckabee Sanders, the White House press secretary, did not respond to a request for comment.Abbe Lowell, a lawyer for Mr. Kushner, declined to comment.Each week, technology reporters and columnists from The New York Times review the week’s news, offering analysis and maybe a joke or two about the most important developments in the tech industry. Want this newsletter in your inbox? Sign up here.Hi. I’m Jamie Condliffe; greetings from London. Here’s a look at the week’s tech news.Can Facebook profit from privacy?You can’t have missed it: Facebook plans to shift people toward private messaging and away from the public broadcasting on which its business was built. Think encrypted communications among smaller groups of people, and ephemeral messages that can be deleted. In theory, that change could help the company overcome some of the problems it has faced.But Facebook has promised privacy features before that have never appeared — something skeptics were quick to point out after the plan was revealed on Thursday.“I understand that many people don’t think Facebook can or would even want to build this kind of privacy-focused platform,” Mark Zuckerberg, the company’s chief executive, wrote in a 3,200-word manifesto describing the shift.If we are to assume he means it, there’s still a huge problem: He lacks a business model.A shift to a private Facebook would crimp its current revenue streams. Most of its profits come from targeted ads enabled by the open sharing of content. In the encrypted future that Mr. Zuckerberg imagines, that will be hard. The company would also effectively rule out expansion into big potential markets like Russia and China, because it won’t run servers in countries with authoritarian governments.So how can it make money? Mr. Zuckerberg mentions commerce and payments, which fits with reports that Facebook is building a cryptocurrency. But that’s all he says, really.Mr. Zuckerberg seems O.K. with the lack of a plan. “The basic way that we’ve approached things is first to focus on building the consumer service that people really want,” he said to Wired. “That will be the foundation. If we do that well, the business will be fine.”Of course, a trick for monetizing private messaging may be hidden in his back pocket. If it isn’t, his critics’ skepticism may be proved right.Big Tech antitrust, in the HouseEarlier in the week, Representative David Cicilline, the Rhode Island Democrat who leads the House antitrust subcommittee, proposed an idea to curb Big Tech’s dominance.During the Great Depression, the Glass-Steagall Act forced banks to separate commercial and investment banking operations. Mr. Cicilline told the Financial Times that something similar could apply to tech.“It’s an interesting idea whether there would be a way to think about separating what platforms do versus people who are selling products and information,” he said.Sadly, this feels like a nonstarter. Splitting the operations of banks was relatively straightforward; the data sales and platform components of companies like Google and Facebook are (whatever Mr. Zuckerberg says) deeply intertwined.Still, it’s probably one of many options. “There aren’t easy answers” to Big Tech antitrust questions, Mr. Cicilline said to Bloomberg Opinion in January. “We’re not going to approach this, like, ‘Here’s my solution.’”He has the wind at his back. Congressional hearings with Facebook and others last year revealed that lawmakers in both parties have antitrust concerns about tech companies. And the Federal Trade Commission recently announced a task force of 17 lawyers dedicated to “monitoring competition in U.S. technology markets.” The commission’s director of competition, Bruce Hoffman, said some companies could be forced to “spin off” previous acquisitions.How far these efforts will go — and how quickly — remains unclear. It may be difficult to prove violation of federal antitrust law until the laws are updated to better apply to technology companies. And splitting a company like Facebook or Google would require costly, lengthy legal battles that the government may yet balk at.Who’s to blame for robo-car deaths?Arizona prosecutors said Tuesday that they wouldn’t charge Uber with a crime after one of its autonomous cars hit and killed a pedestrian last year. Instead, they said investigators should look into what the safety driver “would or should have seen that night.”One interesting point about the news was raised by Frank Douma, a researcher at the University of Minnesota’s Center for Transportation Studies:“It’s a very conventional way of thinking to say we can expect and we should expect people to sit and monitor technology that is otherwise doing all the decision-making.”The “handoff problem” — that humans are too easily distracted to safely retake control of an autonomous vehicle in an emergency — is well documented. The Uber accident provided a first glimpse of how the law would deal with that issue. It suggests that, for now, the onus remains on the “driver.”Huawei is angry. Maybe too angry.The Chinese telecom giant Huawei sued the United States government on Wednesday over a ban that prevents government agencies from using the company’s products because they may violate national security. Days earlier, Meng Wanzhou, the company’s chief financial officer, sued the Canadian authorities for arresting her.Huawei is aggrieved by the Trump administration’s hardware ban and its lobbying of other governments to shun the company’s products when building 5G wireless data networks. The lawsuits are just one response: A defensive advertising campaign and outspoken interviews were already in play.Those more conventional lobbying approaches may have been working: Countries like Britain and Germany, which have considered the White House’s pleas, have wavered and may ultimately use Huawei hardware.But the lawsuits make Huawei look rash and aggressive. Is that the kind of company a government wants to help build critical infrastructure?And some stories you shouldn’t missThe National Security Agency stopped its controversial phone spying. The system, which analyzed logs of Americans’ domestic calls and texts and was introduced to surveil conspirators in Al Qaeda, has been scrapped.Google said it was paying male workers too little. It gave $9.7 million in additional compensation to level things up for 10,677 employees, about 69 percent of them men. But the survey that led to the raises did not address a critical question: Are women hired at a pay grade below their qualifications?Net neutrality is back in Washington. Congressional Democrats announced bills that seek to reinstate net neutrality rules. Whether the bills can pass is another matter.Chinese hackers hit universities. An elaborate set of attacks sought to steal research about military maritime technology.Artificial intelligence cameras can spot shoplifters before they steal. Software can identify “restlessness and other potentially suspicious body language,” according to Bloomberg. You don’t know data overload. Gizmodo invites you to meet the digital hoarders who collect “terabytes of text files.”Jamie Condliffe is editor of the DealBook newsletter. Follow him on Twitter here: @jme_c.BATON ROUGE, La. — It was a squabble over $2.9 million in property-tax breaks — small change for Exxon Mobil, a company that measures its earnings by the billions.But when the East Baton Rouge Parish school board rejected the energy giant’s rather routine request last month, the “no” vote went off like a bomb in a state where obeisance to the oil, gas and chemical industries is the norm.The local chamber of commerce took out a full-page newspaper ad, warning of a rise of “radicalism.” The head of the Louisiana Association of Business and Industry wrote that “the anti-business crowd has had their fun,” but needed to “cool their jets.”And now, somewhat surprisingly, business-friendly Louisiana finds that it is the latest flash point in a roiling, community-by-community debate that pits liberals and local activists against defenders of the lavish tax incentives offered to woo big business.It has been a David vs. Goliath story in the Louisiana capital, where a grass-roots coalition of black and white churches, activists and ordinary citizens have successfully clamored to democratize a system that used to dole out billions in property-tax breaks without giving the local school boards, city councils and other government entities that depend on those taxes any say in the matter.The vote has also revived a vexing, and defining, Louisiana question about the deference a perennially impoverished state must show to big business.“We’ve allowed the oil and gas industry to hijack our democracy,” said Russel L. Honoré, a retired Army lieutenant general who earned acclaim for leading the military response to Hurricane Katrina, and who had urged the East Baton Rouge Parish school board to reject the exemptions. “The industry will brag about it all the time, how well we’re doing in terms of business development. Well, if we’re doing so well, why are we the second-poorest state?”Complaints that state and local governments have given away the farm to big business have flared recently in other states as well, most sharply in New York City, where liberal politicians and union supporters have blasted the incentives of up to $3 billion that helped woo Amazon’s new corporate offices in Queens. In Virginia, a socialist state House member, Lee Carter, has called a $70 million grant package for the chip maker Micron “corrupt.”But the tone is markedly different in Baton Rouge. Though the city is home to the state’s flagship university, it is more Bakersfield than Berkeley, defined strongly by the business and culture of the oil patch. Exxon Mobil’s vast old refinery on the North Side has employed generations of local workers. It is the area’s largest manufacturer and largest taxpayer.Dawn Chanet Collins was among the school board members who voted against the tax break in a 5-4 vote in mid-January. Though she praised the oil giant for the donations and volunteer hours it showers on local schools, she said that giving the company exemptions for the already completed expansions of the refinery and a polymer plant simply did not make sense.The school district is in a budget crisis, and it is looking for ways to cut roughly $30 million in future spending. Layoffs may be on the table. Teachers say that administrators have even been rationing paper.“It would have been completely irresponsible for the board to say, ‘Go ahead, keep your money,’ when we have to fill a $30 million gap on our end,” Ms. Collins said.For decades, industrial property-tax breaks in Louisiana were in the sole control of a little-noticed state board that approved them with no local input — a system unique in the nation, according to Greg LeRoy, executive director of Good Jobs First, a nonprofit group that tracks such incentives.Gov. John Bel Edwards, a moderate Democrat, overhauled the process in 2016 with an executive order that for the first time in 80 years gave local governments the right to decide whether their revenue would be sacrificed to aid industry.In the months before Mr. Edwards’s order, the state’s Industrial Tax Exemption Program, or ITEP, had been thrust into the public debate by the efforts of the grass-roots coalition, known as Together Baton Rouge. Before then, it had gone largely unnoticed by everyone except those who benefited from it.The appointed panel that ran the program, the Board of Commerce and Industry, handed out nearly $10 billion in local tax exemptions between 2008 and 2016, but its actions were rarely covered in the press. Many Louisianans had no idea what the board did.“Nobody knew about it,” Ms. Collins said. “It had gone on for so long that people had forgotten.”Together Baton Rouge and its sister organization, Together Louisiana, argue that the industrial tax breaks starve local schools and governments of badly needed funds and leave them unable to lift a state mired toward the bottom of national rankings on education, crime and infrastructure. In Baton Rouge, one in four residents lives in poverty.Their message has found an audience: Together Louisiana’s YouTube video about the exemptions, posted in November and titled “Why Louisiana Stays Poor,” has been viewed more than 600,000 times.A few days before the Baton Rouge school board vote, the groups held a meeting at St. Mary Baptist Church to organize opposition to the Exxon Mobil application. Scores of people crammed into a Bible study classroom decorated with maps and photos of the Holy Land.Edgar Cage, who organized the meeting, was careful to say that no one was accusing Exxon Mobil of any wrongdoing. “All we’re saying is, we want a change,” he said. “We want a balance.”Business leaders reacted strongly to the Baton Rouge vote because they are worried about much more than just how a few capital improvements are taxed. As much as $90 billion in oil and gas industry investments could come the state’s way in the next decade, driven in large part by the boom in domestic shale gas drilling, according to David Dismukes, executive director of the Center for Energy Studies at Louisiana State University.By itself, Dr. Dismukes said, the school board’s vote “was not a big deal — but the precedent it sets is going to be really big for these projects on the drawing board that are $100 million or $200 million.”Critics of the 2016 overhaul that gave local officials a say over tax breaks argue that it deprives the state of a big competitive edge it used to enjoy: one-stop shopping. Instead of dealing only with a central state board, businesses must now make their case for tax breaks to a host of parish councils and school boards and sheriffs, and win them over individually.Last week, State Senator Mack A. White Jr., a Republican from the Baton Rouge area who used to work for Exxon Mobil, said he planned introduce a bill to reverse the overhaul and take approval power away from local officials again.There have also been stabs at damage control and soul-searching. Mayor Sharon Weston Broome of Baton Rouge spoke on Jan. 28 at what the local newspaper described as a “pep rally” for Exxon Mobil.On Sunday, Tim Morris, a columnist for The Times-Picayune in New Orleans, compared the state’s tax-break system to the $241 million contract extension the New Orleans Pelicans of the N.B.A. offered to their star player Anthony Davis — an offer he turned down, asking to be traded instead.“Why do we have to offer exorbitant bribes to get people (and businesses) to stay here?” Mr. Morris wrote.But for others — including some local government officials freshly armed with the new veto power — the tax breaks are a pragmatic choice in an increasingly competitive world.In November, local authorities in Calcasieu Parish unanimously approved a tax break worth $2 billion over 10 years for a $15 billion liquefied natural gas facility. Eric Tarver, a car dealer who sits on the parish school board, said he feared “playing chicken” with a big company that was promising to create hundreds of jobs.“Should we have negotiated with them? Maybe,” Mr. Tarver said. “But the benefits of them coming far outweigh the risk of haggling with them and having them go to Corpus Christi or Houston, or even Lafayette.”President Trump’s new budget calls for less spending on Medicare and food stamps and more on defense and on a wall on the southern border.Democrats condemned the proposal, and the dispute raises the prospect of another government shutdown this year. That might seem to be a dicey proposition for the economy, but the administration doesn’t seem worried about a slowdown any time soon.The president has described the current moment as “the greatest economy in the history of our country,” and the official forecast is rosy: around 3 percent growth in gross domestic product every year for the next decade, and even more in 2019 and 2020.Yet some serious people remain nervous.Job growth last month came in wildly below expectations. G.D.P. growth, which hit an annualized rate in excess of 4 percent in the second quarter of last year, has been fading ever since. The Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta’s GDPNow forecast suggests that the current quarter’s annual growth rate might even be below 1 percent.Faced with data like this, the Federal Reserve has backed off from its plan to aggressively raise interest rates and shrink its balance sheet.It is worth asking: If a trade war with China or another government shutdown remains possible, are we one wrong turn away from a recession?The Trump administration says these potential problems just aren’t big enough to derail a $20 trillion economy. But the last several decades of American economic history provide a sobering reminder that recessions don’t come only from large, foreseeable events.Modest, unpredictable incidents can cause economic downturns if they lead businesses or consumers to freak out. And trade wars and government shutdowns have caused some glaring panics in the past.Still, it is easy to understand the administration’s perspective. First, officials remain confident that they can strike a deal that will avert a major trade war entirely. Second, even if there is a trade war, it might not damage the United States that much. After all, exports account for only 12 percent of the nation’s economy, while China is less than a tenth of that.Those numbers imply that even a full-blown trade war that cut commerce between the United States and China in half would have a direct impact of less than 1 percent of G.D.P.The same basic math can be applied to government shutdowns. The administration estimated that the last one, which ended in January, cut only about 0.1 percentage point from the annualized economic growth rate per week.The 800,000 affected federal workers were fewer than one half of 1 percent of the nation’s total work force, so even when government contractors are added, the shutdown affected just a sliver of the country’s G.D.P. No worries there.But that analysis is far too simple.Seemingly small events can cause enormous problems. Think back to 2001 and the last recession of a “normal” size. (The recession that started in December 2007 was, by far, the deepest and longest since the Great Depression — about as far from normal as a recession can be.)The 2001 recession developed when the internet bubble popped, or at least that’s how we tend to remember it. But go back and check the numbers. The internet accounted for, at most, about 2 percent of the economy then. If we use the logic we’ve been applying to trade wars and government shutdowns, it would seem that popping the internet bubble shouldn’t have been enough to cause a recession. But it did.The reason it did was that the pop freaked out people outside just the internet sector. Consumer confidence plunged, and businesses stopped investing. The recession spread far beyond its origin.In this sense, virtually every recession in the last 40 years coincided with a signal of fear, like a significant drop in consumer confidence. Sometimes confidence fell and didn’t spiral into recession, but all recessions have started with a confidence spiral.The very biggest drops in confidence in the last 40 years came from major events like the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 and the popping of the internet bubble, which led to recessions, but close on their heels were episodes of government dysfunction, which did not necessarily culminate in recessions. These include the debt ceiling crisis of 2011 and the government shutdown of 2013.The most recent shutdown seems no different in this respect. In the last survey before the government reopened, consumer confidence fell the most it had in almost three years, and confidence among chief executives dropped to the lowest level in seven years. The shutdown doesn’t seem to have caused a recession, but it would be unwise to celebrate.Another government shutdown could spiral into something far more damaging than the small decline in workers’ share of the economy that the simple math suggests. An escalating trade war with China could ignite a recession, even if the numbers show that trade isn’t a large share of the United States economy. These events just need to spook consumers or businesses into putting off spending, and then more dire consequences can start to snowball.So let us all hope for excellent jobs numbers in the months to come, along with a rebound of G.D.P. growth. That may well happen, but it would be a mistake to be overconfident and assume that the economy will automatically weather a major policy blunder. If something scares people enough, it can start a recession, and you probably won’t know until it’s too late.That’s because recessions are hard to recognize at the start. Looking back, for example, we know that a recession officially began in April 2001, yet scarcely anyone understood that then. In June 2001, only 7 percent of economists in the monthly Blue Chip survey believed a recession was underway. In the months before that 2001 recession began, only 16 percent of economists expected that a recession would start within the next year. Now, 25 percent of economists in a Wall Street Journal survey say they expect a recession within the next year, and anxiety seems to be growing.The great pitcher Satchel Paige once advised: “Don’t look back. Something might be gaining on you.” Had he been an economist, he might have added, “And don’t start a trade war, either.”LONDON — If Britain’s exit from the European Union, or Brexit, had a mascot, what would it look like?While Britain pushes on with negotiations for its imminent departure, the Dutch have been ruminating on the answer to a question that no one has ever asked.Brexit, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the Netherlands has decided, is a fluffy blue monster with an oversize head, blue eyes, black pants and a white T-shirt emblazoned with the word “Brexit” in red.The Dutch minister of foreign affairs, Stef Blok,  shared a photograph on Twitter  on Thursday of him standing in an office with a confused expression and throwing his arms up as the Brexit monster relaxed on a desk in front of him.The mascot was immediately christened the “Brexit Muppet” by  social media users.The label also drew a wry collective sniff from Britons for whom the term “muppet” is a mild insult.The blue Brexit monster is apparently the distillation of Dutch fears of the unknown as Britain has spent more than two years negotiating the minutiae of its departure from the European Union and a no-deal exit seems more likely.The prospect of Britain crashing out of the bloc has alarmed many member states, including the Netherlands.The monster is part of the Dutch government’s “Brexit Loket,” which roughly translates to Brexit information desk, a hub of business resources to avoid having “Brexit get in your way,” according to the campaign’s tagline.The Netherlands concluded that the furry monster was the best way to warn its businesses that operate in the United Kingdom about the potential impact of Britain’s departure from the customs union.“Brexit is not only on the desk of the Dutch minister, but it is something that everybody has to deal with,” said Dirk-Jan Vermeij, spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. “It is essential that entrepreneurs prepare for all Brexit scenarios, including no-deal.”The Netherlands is clearly trying to allay any concern about how its companies will be affected by Britain’s divorce from the trading bloc: The country is one of Britain’s top trading partners, and the Dutch economy could lose out on 10 billion euros, or $11.3 billion, worth of trade because of Brexit, according to the Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis.“In terms of the countries exposed to Brexit, the Netherlands is one of the biggest,” John Springford, deputy director of the Center for European Reform in London, said on Thursday by phone.“No-deal Brexit would be the largest hit, but all of the different scenarios are going to entail some sort of economic cost,” he added.In spite of the warnings the Netherlands issued to its businesses over the possible negative impact of Britain’s departure from the European Union, the Dutch are also positioning themselves to benefit from it.The Dutch government has been selling itself as an alternative for firms based in Britain that are looking to keep their operations in the trading bloc, and it recently boasted that it was in talks with 250 companies about moving.Britain, for its part, is steeling itself for the loss of some international business as one consequence of Brexit.In case of a no-deal departure, the British government is preparing for a 9.3 percent drop in the country’s gross domestic product, food shortages, a dearth of medicines and even power blackouts.Supporters of Brexit have dismissed such warnings as “scaremongering.”Though odd, the Brexit monster was a hit on social media, with one person tweeting: “Omg this really is for real. A Brexit Muppet. Lordy I love the Dutch.”SoftBank is increasing its ownership stake in WeWork yet again, investing a further $2 billion in the fast-growing co-working company, according to three people familiar with the deal.But the deal, which is likely to be announced this week, is far smaller than an investment that was recently under consideration and could have been worth some $16 billion, the people said. They spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk about the deal publicly.The latest investment — which is coming from SoftBank itself, not its nearly $100 billion Vision Fund — values WeWork at $47 billion, and brings SoftBank’s total investment in WeWork to about $10.5 billion, they said.SoftBank, a Japanese telecom conglomerate led by the billionaire Masayoshi Son, is reinforcing its commitment to WeWork even as the complex relationship between the two companies is under growing scrutiny.SoftBank now has multiple investments in WeWork, including equity positions, warrants and joint ventures. Much of its capital in WeWork is from the SoftBank Vision Fund, which is largely backed by the Public Investment Fund of Saudi Arabia.Yet after the killing of the journalist Jamal Khashoggi, which American intelligence agencies believe was directed by the Saudi crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman, many in the technology industry are reassessing their willingness to take money from the kingdom.WeWork has emerged as one of the most valuable private companies, even as it continues to lose money. Though WeWork is the clear leader in the emerging co-working industry, it is essentially a commercial landlord, sprucing up office space and leasing it back to commercial clients.In August it reported that it had more than 250,000 paying members, more than double the figure from a year earlier. It is also expanding its enterprise business, leasing large offices to companies like Amazon, Pepsi and Salesforce.Yet WeWork continues to spend far more than it makes. It reported a loss of $723 million for the first half of last year as it built new co-working spaces around the globe. That old-school business model has led many analysts to believe that WeWork is wildly overvalued.“The valuation is going to take a significant amount of growth to justify it,” said Alex Snyder, senior analyst at CenterSquare, a real estate investment firm in Philadelphia.Nonetheless, Mr. Son has emerged as one of WeWork’s biggest boosters. As recently as last month, SoftBank was considering a larger investment in WeWork, according to the three people with knowledge of the deal. Under one possibility, SoftBank would have spent $10 billion to buy out all of WeWork’s other investors and injected $6 billion more in the company.But several factors led to a smaller deal, they said. SoftBank proceeded with an initial public offering of its mobile unit in Japan, only to watch shares slide. Market volatility worldwide caused investors to be more cautious. And other WeWork investors were reluctant to sell too many of their shares to SoftBank.The result was a deal, earlier reported by The Financial Times, for SoftBank to invest $2 billion more into WeWork.That brings SoftBank’s total investment in WeWork to $6 billion in the last six months. In August, SoftBank put $1 billion into the company. And in December, SoftBank spent $3 billion for a warrant that gave it the right to buy additional equity in WeWork.In 2017, SoftBank invested about $4.5 billion in the company with a web of deals. It spent $1.3 billion to buy shares from WeWork investors and employees. It injected some $1.7 billion to bolster WeWork’s balance sheet. And SoftBank spent $1.5 billion to take major positions in WeWork’s subsidiaries in Japan, China and the Pacific region.“They’re our closest partner, and they’ve been extremely supportive,” Artie Minson, WeWork’s president, said of SoftBank in an interview.About $5 billion of the recent investments will go to shore up WeWork’s balance sheet. Much of those funds will be available to WeWork this year, but as much as $1.5 billion will be held back until 2020, according to the three people.“They are vastly outspending their cash flow position to sustain their growth,” Mr. Snyder said. “You can do that as long as people are willing to give you the money.”About $1 billion of the new investments will be used to buy shares from investors and employees, who will get a chance to cash out. Investors and employees who do sell stock to SoftBank will have their shares valued in the mid-$50s, giving WeWork an implied valuation of just over $20 billion.As WeWork continues its costly expansion plans, it could remain reliant on investors like SoftBank for support. SoftBank, meanwhile, may need to continue supporting WeWork to ensure that the start-up can live up to its lofty expectations.“SoftBank will continue to give them money to justify the money they’ve already put in,” Mr. Snyder said.DAVOS, Switzerland — They’ll never admit it in public, but many of your bosses want machines to replace you as soon as possible.I know this because, for the past week, I’ve been mingling with corporate executives at the World Economic Forum’s annual meeting in Davos. And I’ve noticed that their answers to questions about automation depend very much on who is listening.In public, many executives wring their hands over the negative consequences that artificial intelligence and automation could have for workers. They take part in panel discussions about building “human-centered A.I.” for the “Fourth Industrial Revolution” — Davos-speak for the corporate adoption of machine learning and other advanced technology — and talk about the need to provide a safety net for people who lose their jobs as a result of automation.But in private settings, including meetings with the leaders of the many consulting and technology firms whose pop-up storefronts line the Davos Promenade, these executives tell a different story: They are racing to automate their own work forces to stay ahead of the competition, with little regard for the impact on workers.All over the world, executives are spending billions of dollars to transform their businesses into lean, digitized, highly automated operations. They crave the fat profit margins automation can deliver, and they see A.I. as a golden ticket to savings, perhaps by letting them whittle departments with thousands of workers down to just a few dozen.“People are looking to achieve very big numbers,” said Mohit Joshi, the president of Infosys, a technology and consulting firm that helps other businesses automate their operations. “Earlier they had incremental, 5 to 10 percent goals in reducing their work force. Now they’re saying, ‘Why can’t we do it with 1 percent of the people we have?’”Few American executives will admit wanting to get rid of human workers, a taboo in today’s age of inequality. So they’ve come up with a long list of buzzwords and euphemisms to disguise their intent. Workers aren’t being replaced by machines, they’re being “released” from onerous, repetitive tasks. Companies aren’t laying off workers, they’re “undergoing digital transformation.”A 2017 survey by Deloitte found that 53 percent of companies had already started to use machines to perform tasks previously done by humans. The figure is expected to climb to 72 percent by next year.The corporate elite’s A.I. obsession has been lucrative for firms that specialize in “robotic process automation,” or R.P.A. Infosys, which is based in India, reported a 33 percent increase in year-over-year revenue in its digital division. IBM’s “cognitive solutions” unit, which uses A.I. to help businesses increase efficiency, has become the company’s second-largest division, posting $5.5 billion in revenue last quarter. The investment bank UBS projects that the artificial intelligence industry could be worth as much as $180 billion by next year.Kai-Fu Lee, the author of “AI Superpowers” and a longtime technology executive, predicts that artificial intelligence will eliminate 40 percent of the world’s jobs within 15 years. In an interview, he said that chief executives were under enormous pressure from shareholders and boards to maximize short-term profits, and that the rapid shift toward automation was the inevitable result.“They always say it’s more than the stock price,” he said. “But in the end, if you screw up, you get fired.”Other experts have predicted that A.I. will create more new jobs than it destroys, and that job losses caused by automation will probably not be catastrophic. They point out that some automation helps workers by improving productivity and freeing them to focus on creative tasks over routine ones.But at a time of political unrest and anti-elite movements on the progressive left and the nationalist right, it’s probably not surprising that all of this automation is happening quietly, out of public view. In Davos this week, several executives declined to say how much money they had saved by automating jobs previously done by humans. And none were willing to say publicly that replacing human workers is their ultimate goal.“That’s the great dichotomy,” said Ben Pring, the director of the Center for the Future of Work at Cognizant, a technology services firm. “On one hand,” he said, profit-minded executives “absolutely want to automate as much as they can.”“On the other hand,” he added, “they’re facing a backlash in civic society.”For an unvarnished view of how some American leaders talk about automation in private, you have to listen to their counterparts in Asia, who often make no attempt to hide their aims. Terry Gou, the chairman of the Taiwanese electronics manufacturer Foxconn, has said the company plans to replace 80 percent of its workers with robots in the next five to 10 years. Richard Liu, the founder of the Chinese e-commerce company JD.com, said at a business conference last year that “I hope my company would be 100 percent automation someday.”One common argument made by executives is that workers whose jobs are eliminated by automation can be “reskilled” to perform other jobs in an organization. They offer examples like Accenture, which claimed in 2017 to have replaced 17,000 back-office processing jobs without layoffs, by training employees to work elsewhere in the company. In a letter to shareholders last year, Jeff Bezos, Amazon’s chief executive, said that more than 16,000 Amazon warehouse workers had received training in high-demand fields like nursing and aircraft mechanics, with the company covering 95 percent of their expenses.But these programs may be the exception that proves the rule. There are plenty of stories of successful reskilling — optimists often cite a program in Kentucky that trained a small group of former coal miners to become computer programmers — but there is little evidence that it works at scale. A report by the World Economic Forum this month estimated that of the 1.37 million workers who are projected to be fully displaced by automation in the next decade, only one in four can be profitably reskilled by private-sector programs. The rest, presumably, will need to fend for themselves or rely on government assistance.In Davos, executives tend to speak about automation as a natural phenomenon over which they have no control, like hurricanes or heat waves. They claim that if they don’t automate jobs as quickly as possible, their competitors will.“They will be disrupted if they don’t,” said Katy George, a senior partner at the consulting firm McKinsey & Company.Automating work is a choice, of course, one made harder by the demands of shareholders, but it is still a choice. And even if some degree of unemployment caused by automation is inevitable, these executives can choose how the gains from automation and A.I. are distributed, and whether to give the excess profits they reap as a result to workers, or hoard it for themselves and their shareholders.The choices made by the Davos elite — and the pressure applied on them to act in workers’ interests rather than their own — will determine whether A.I. is used as a tool for increasing productivity or for inflicting pain.“The choice isn’t between automation and non-automation,” said Erik Brynjolfsson, the director of M.I.T.’s Initiative on the Digital Economy. “It’s between whether you use the technology in a way that creates shared prosperity, or more concentration of wealth.”[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]New York State regulators have issued an expansive subpoena to the Trump Organization’s longtime insurance broker, the first step in an investigation of insurance policies and claims involving President Trump’s family business, according to the company and a person briefed on the matter.The subpoena was served late Monday on the company, Aon, one of the largest insurance brokerage firms in the world, as part of an inquiry by the New York State Department of Financial Services.It came just days after Michael D. Cohen, Mr. Trump’s former fixer and lawyer, indicated in congressional testimony that the Trump Organization inflated the value of its assets to insurance companies.The subpoena is the latest sign that the Trump Organization is facing scrutiny from multiple fronts — federal prosecutors, congressional Democrats, and now, insurance regulators.The Department of Financial Services does not conduct criminal investigations, nor does it have authority over Mr. Trump or the Trump Organization, but it can refer any possible illegal activity to prosecutors.The federal prosecutors in Manhattan have been investigating the Trump Organization’s role in hush money payments to women who claimed to have affairs with Mr. Trump. Mr. Cohen, who pleaded guilty to federal crimes in connection with those payments, has also told the prosecutors about irregularities in the company’s insurance practices, The New York Times reported last month.While the prosecutors are largely viewed as independent, the president and his allies have dismissed much of the other scrutiny as politically motivated.The subpoena from the state agency that regulates insurance, which is part of the administration of Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, a Democrat and vocal critic of Mr. Trump, landed on the same day that even broader scrutiny came to bear on the president, his administration and his business from House Democrats.The House Judiciary Committee on Monday unleashed a blizzard of 81 letters demanding documents from people and businesses, including President Trump’s company and several of his family members, kicking off the committee’s sweeping investigation into possible obstruction of justice, corruption and abuse of power by Mr. Trump.The subpoena that was served on Aon contains no indication that the company or any of its employees engaged in misconduct, the person said. Nor does it specify any possible wrongdoing that is the focus of the inquiry by state regulators.Insurance brokers such as Aon help companies evaluate their risk and connect them with underwriters, the companies that offer the actual coverage. For this service, the brokers receive a fee or commission, usually paid by the client.The nine-page subpoena demands a broad range of materials regarding Aon’s business with Mr. Trump and the Trump Organization dating back to 2009, according to the person briefed on the matter, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss it publicly.Among other things, it seeks copies of all communications between Aon and Mr. Trump and the Trump Organization, as well as all internal Aon documents relating to Mr. Trump and the company, the person said.The regulators are also looking at compensation for the current and former Aon employees who handled the Trump Organization account, seeking information about their incentives, bonus payments or commissions. They are seeking similar contracts and agreements between Aon and Mr. Trump.A spokeswoman for Aon, Donna Mirandola, said the company intended to cooperate, adding: “We do not comment on specific client matters.” The White House referred a request for comment to the Trump Organization, which did not respond to requests for comment. A spokesman for the Department of Financial Services declined to comment.The Department of Financial Services is a powerful agency that regulates and supervises the insurance industry — including brokers, brokerage firms and underwriters in New York — as well as banking and other financial institutions.The agency’s authority is limited to civil regulatory actions, although it can refer possible criminal conduct to the office of a local district attorney or the State Attorney General.However, under the New York State insurance law, the department, headed by Acting Superintendent Linda A. Lacewell, can take action against the companies and individuals it regulates, including brokers and underwriters. It can issue fines or a range of other penalties, including revoking their licenses to do business in New York.This is not the first time that the agency has examined the business practices involving the Trump Organization. In 2017, the agency scrutinized the company’s long relationship with Deutsche Bank, which the agency regulates and which is one of the president’s few lenders on Wall Street. The examination concluded without the agency taking any action against the bank.Mr. Cohen’s testimony, however, provides additional fuel to advance the insurance inquiry.At a hearing in front of the House Oversight Committee last week, when asked by Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a New York Democrat, whether the president ever inflated his assets to an insurance company, Mr. Cohen simply replied, “Yes.”The New York regulators are requesting copies of the insurance policies ultimately issued to Mr. Trump and the Trump Organization, as well as applications and financial statements used to secure the policies, the person said.The subpoena requests that the materials — undoubtedly a vast swath of documents, data, emails, policies and other records — be turned over by March 19. The regulators will likely then issue additional subpoenas or requests to the underwriters and possibly other companies and individuals identified in response to this subpoena.It could take the agency’s investigators months to analyze all the information they collect.The gig economy’s work force is fighting back, and in some cases, it’s winning.On Wednesday, Instacart, the Silicon Valley upstart that delivers groceries and other household items to customers through an app, reversed a tipping policy that had outraged workers, who accused the $7 billion company of cheating them out of rightfully earned wages.“We heard loud and clear the frustration when your compensation didn’t match the effort you put forth,” Apoorva Mehta, Instacart’s chief executive, wrote in an open letter to Instacart’s contract workers, known as shoppers.Instacart’s workers had taken to Reddit forums and private Facebook groups to express their anger with the policy, which counted tips toward the guaranteed minimum payments the company offered to shoppers. In some cases, the more customers tipped, the less Instacart paid them.“It’s offensive, it’s unethical, and in this climate it’s a very dumb thing to do,” Matthew Telles, an Instacart courier in Chicago, said this week before the reversal.In the letter to shoppers, Mr. Mehta apologized for the tipping policy, which he called “misguided.” He said that from now on, Instacart would calculate tips separately from base pay. He also said the company was putting new minimum payments into effect: at least $5 for orders that require only delivering an item, and $7 to $10 for orders that involve picking items off supermarket shelves.In addition, Instacart said it would retroactively compensate workers who had lost base pay as a result of the old tipping system.The victory at Instacart, which will ultimately affect thousands of workers, is just the latest in a string of successful pressure campaigns by workers for gig economy platforms. Drivers for Uber and Lyft in New York successfully agitated for a citywide minimum wage that went into effect this week. Postmates, another high-flying start-up, recently settled a class-action suit with thousands of delivery workers who contested the way the company classified them as contract workers.[Subscribe to “With Interest.” It’s a Sunday newsletter with essential business insights that’ll prep you for the week ahead.]It’s no secret that many modern gig workers exist in a state of permanent precarity, with few legal protections, unstable working conditions and pay that varies based on who’s flush with venture capital money that week. Most gig economy workers are still classified as contract workers, meaning that they aren’t covered by federal minimum wage laws and other labor protections.Still, by organizing en masse and expressing vocal opposition to exploitative policies, they have managed to wring some concessions out of the billion-dollar corporations whose labor they provide.For Instacart, the drama began late last year when it changed its method for paying its contract workers.Until then, Instacart’s shopper pay was determined by an algorithm that factored in a fixed base payment for each order, along with a per-item bonus and extra payments for certain tasks, such as delivering over long distances. After the change late last year, Instacart presented shoppers with a single, itemized “earnings estimate,” and guaranteed them a $10 minimum payment for each batch they accepted.But Instacart shoppers began to notice that for some orders, the tips that customers had added during checkout were being counted toward their $10 minimum, rather than being paid out on top of them.Angry shoppers collected shocking examples of low pay, like a receipt submitted by an Instacart shopper who appeared to have been paid a total of $10.80 after a $10 tip. (Instacart claimed that the payment was an “edge case,” and that it was putting new policies in place to prevent similar incidents.)In another example, two identical Instacart batches paid out $10 — the guaranteed minimum — even though one delivery earned a $2 tip and the other a $6 tip. In the case of the $2 tip, Instacart’s “batch payment” came to $8; in the case of the $6 tip, Instacart paid only $4.“We started to notice customers who said they tipped, but a lot of times we wouldn’t see the tips,” said Kaylania Chapman, a worker in Orlando, Fla., who delivers orders for both Instacart and DoorDash, a rival delivery app with a similar tipping policy.The workers’ complaints started to be picked up by news outlets including Fast Company and NBC. And they caught the attention of Working Washington, a union-backed labor group in Seattle, which collected more than 1,500 signatures of Instacart shoppers who objected to the company’s pay practices. Some began asking for cash tips outside the app, while others encouraged customers to leave 22-cent tips — a nominal amount meant to show solidarity with workers — through the app and then adjust the tips higher after a delivery was made.On Wednesday, after the announcement that Instacart was changing its policies, a representative from Working Washington, Sage Wilson, said, “In the space of two weeks, Instacart workers came together, sparked a national media sensation and transformed the entire pay model of a $7 billion corporation.”DoorDash, which is valued by investors at $4 billion, has not announced plans to change its tipping policy, which dates to 2017.“DoorDash’s pay model provides transparency, consistency and predictability,” a company spokeswoman said on Tuesday. “Since implementing this pay model more than a year ago, we’ve seen a significant increase in dasher retention, percentage of on-time orders and dasher satisfaction.”After Instacart’s announcement on Wednesday, the DoorDash spokeswoman declined to comment.Many Instacart shoppers were thrilled by the company’s about-face. In a private Facebook group, some celebrated their successful campaign to get the company to change its tipping policy and make them whole on previous payments.“I can’t believe it! Back pay!” one shopper wrote.“THIS is why you stand up for yourself against corruption,” wrote another.“I’m very excited that we got Instacart to listen to our complaints,” said Ashley Knudson, an Instacart shopper in Seattle. “I feel like we have some work to do, and we’re not going to back down until we get the consistency that we need in our batch payments. We consider this a small victory, for acknowledging their mistreatment, but we look forward to pushing onward and having our voices be heard.”Many gig economy workers still face economic insecurity and exploitative platform policies, of course, and lawmakers may ultimately need to come to their rescue. (On Tuesday, Representative Ro Khanna, a Democrat who represents parts of Silicon Valley, told BuzzFeed News that Instacart’s now-defunct tipping policy was a “deceptive business practice that should end.”)But ultimately, it may be up to customers to demand more accountability and worker-friendly policies.Elizabeth Haslam, a DoorDash customer in California who has spent more than three years placing orders from the delivery service, said on Tuesday that she was “shocked” to learn about the company’s tipping policies.“It made me really angry that I was contributing to a company that would do that,” she said. “And it makes me wonder how many other services are doing the same thing.”Susan Covell Alpert was crushed by grief when her 71-year-old husband, Larry, died of leukemia in 2008. Adding to her misery, a tidal wave of financial decisions and tasks demanded the new widow’s attention at a time when she could barely think straight.Like many couples, Susan and Larry, who were married for 46 years, had divided the financial chores. Larry handled the investments, and Susan paid some bills. Though Ms. Alpert owned a business arranging travel incentives for large corporations, she was not prepared to manage the household’s financial affairs.“I knew every stock, and I knew where everything was,” said Ms. Alpert, 78. “But I didn’t know what to do with it all.”Nor did she know what the investments were worth. Rather than holding securities in a brokerage account, Mr. Alpert had opted for paper certificates, which he kept in his desk in their home in Newport Beach, Calif. Ms. Alpert hired a bookkeeper and a financial adviser, and it took them a year to determine the value of the more than 120 certificates, she said.That was just one of numerous issues that Ms. Alpert confronted. Besides the settlement of the estate, there were insurance companies to call, banks to visit, credit cards to cancel, documents to collect and her husband’s business partnership to unwind.“I was in the most fragile part of my life, and there was no time to breathe,” she said.Ms. Alpert decided to approach the “chaos” as she would a business. She spent six to eight hours a day for many months tackling the paperwork — color-coded file folders and all. A grief therapist advised her to get dressed every day and to eat regularly.“She also made me promise not to go into my home office one day a week,” Ms. Alpert said.In 2013, Ms. Alpert opened a consulting business to advise other widows on handling the practical aspects of settling an estate. She also wrote a book, “Driving Solo: Dealing With Grief and the Business of Financial Survival.”A spouse’s death is one of the most emotionally wrenching events in a person’s life. Because they live longer, women are more likely than men to lose a spouse. Roughly 34 percent of women 65 and older were widows in 2016, compared with about 12 percent of men, according to the Census Bureau.The financial challenges can be especially daunting for women. Husbands tend to earn more than their wives, and the end of that income can be a big blow. And in more cases than not, husbands oversee the household finances, often leaving their widows scrambling to sort everything out. If that’s not enough, many widows are immediately deluged by tasks that come with settling an estate.“I was buried in boxes filled with legal paperwork, tax paperwork, trust paperwork, and I didn’t know what I was doing,” said Ellen Speyer, whose husband died in 2003.As tempting as it may be to charge ahead, however, new widows should postpone making major — and irreversible — financial decisions for six months to a year, said Alexandra Armstrong, a certified financial planner in Washington. Those decisions include selling a house, lending money to relatives or paying off a mortgage. It also means resisting sales pitches to plow insurance proceeds into annuities or other investments that tie up funds perhaps forever.“Widows may not recognize that they are in a state of shock, and they will not make wise decisions,” said Ms. Armstrong, author of “On Your Own: A Widow’s Passage to Emotional and Financial Well-Being.” “They should not jump into anything until they have a grip on their financial situation.”The To-Do ListSurviving spouses can alleviate some stress by attacking the to-do list in stages, Ms. Armstrong said. At the top: Notify the Social Security Administration, call the life insurance company and pay important bills, such as those for utilities and property insurance premiums. If a husband was still working when he died, his widow should check with his employer for any unpaid salary, accrued vacation days and retirement plans. She also may be eligible for veterans’ benefits.One of Ms. Alpert’s first moves was to name her two adult daughters as her agents for her financial and health care powers of attorney.When it comes to insurance proceeds, Ms. Armstrong said, widows typically can choose between a lump sum and monthly payouts. The decision, she said, will depend on the widow’s immediate cash needs and whether she could earn more than the payout by investing the lump sum. She said a widow should ask an objective adviser to review her overall financial picture before she decided.By choosing the right Social Security claiming strategy based on her age and income, a surviving spouse can increase her benefit. “This is as close to free money as you can get,” said Jeffrey Levine, chief executive of BluePrint Wealth Alliance in Garden City, N.Y.A widow who waits until her full retirement age of 66 (for those born between 1945 and 1956) can claim the full survivor benefit, which is 100 percent of her husband’s benefit. She is eligible for a survivor benefit at 60, but it will be reduced for each month she claims before 66. If both spouses are at least 70 when the husband dies, a wife should switch to a survivor benefit if her benefit is smaller than his.Younger spouses have more options to maximize benefits, Mr. Levine said. For example, a surviving spouse who is the lower earner can create an income stream by collecting her own retirement benefit when she is eligible at 62 and switch to the higher survivor benefit when she turns 66. Taking her retirement benefit early will not reduce the survivor benefit.A wife who is eligible for a higher retirement benefit should take the opposite tack: She can collect a reduced survivor benefit early and switch at 70 to her own retirement benefit.Meanwhile, a spouse who inherits an individual retirement account has several choices. If she is younger than 70½ and does not need the money, she could, with the help of a brokerage firm, transfer her husband’s account directly into her own I.R.A. and then update the beneficiaries. She will not be required to take annual distributions until she is 70½, thus extending the time the funds can grow tax free.If a widow is younger than 59½ and may need the money, she can transfer the assets into a new inherited I.R.A. She can take taxable distributions without having to pay the 10 percent penalty imposed on early withdrawers, Mr. Levine said.Making Financial DecisionsFor a preliminary assessment of cash flow, a widow can tote up sources of income and fixed expenses. But for a deeper dive, Ms. Alpert recommends adding a financial adviser to a team of professionals. While she and her husband already had an estate lawyer and an accountant, a friend helped her find a financial services firm. When she met with two young men from the firm, “I told them, ‘Take care of me like you would take care of your mother,’” she said.The financial adviser may reposition investments to provide additional income, Ms. Armstrong said. Though each case is different, she said, “I believe in buying good-quality stocks where there is a good potential for rising dividends.” If Ms. Armstrong decides an annuity is a nice fit, she will analyze the oft-hidden costs of an array of complex products.Kathleen M. Rehl, an author and a speaker who helps financial planners address the needs of widows, cautioned that widows often changed advisers because many do not understand a widow’s grief.“A widow should find an adviser who listens to her and does not try to rush her,” said Ms. Rehl, of St. Petersburg, Fla.Ms. Speyer and her husband, Ronald, had been seeing a financial adviser at a large brokerage firm who, she said, “did not take my questions seriously.” Shortly before Mr. Speyer died of Hodgkin’s lymphoma at age 57, they switched to an adviser at a small firm.“She was very kind and very thoughtful,” said Ms. Speyer, 71, a therapist in Irvine, Calif.For years, Mr. Speyer had monitored the overall finances and transferred what his wife needed to pay household bills. “I didn’t have to worry when I turned up the heat or went to the market,” Ms. Speyer said. “But I didn’t know the total cost of everything against our savings and income.”After her husband died, Ms. Speyer lost the income from a consulting firm he owned. Though moving to a smaller house would have freed up cash, she wanted to reduce the disruption for her 10-year-old daughter, she said.The adviser, whom Ms. Speyer still sees, diversified her portfolio and invested the proceeds from a life insurance policy. The adviser also created a budget and a long-term investment plan.To help make ends meet, Ms. Speyer received help from her parents, dipped into savings and “went into overdrive” at work, she said. Using personal-finance software that her brother installed, Ms. Speyer monitored her spending and reduced her discretionary expenses, such as new clothes, travel and entertainment.Sixteen years later, Ms. Speyer said she hoped to keep her finances on a firm footing by postponing retirement indefinitely.“It took a long time to get back the feeling of security,” she said. “I feel very proud about what I have accomplished.”WASHINGTON — The chairman of the House Oversight and Reform Committee revealed information on Thursday that he said showed Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner used private messaging services for official White House business in a way that may have violated federal records laws.The chairman, Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, said that a lawyer for Ms. Trump, President Trump’s daughter, and Mr. Kushner, the president’s son-in-law and senior adviser, told the committee late last year that in addition to a private email account, Mr. Kushner uses an unofficial encrypted messaging service, WhatsApp, for official White House business, including with foreign contacts.Mr. Cummings said the lawyer, Abbe Lowell, also told lawmakers that Ms. Trump did not preserve some emails sent to her private account if she did not reply to them.Democrats have barely been able to contain their frustration at what they see as a dark irony in the findings — and in earlier news reports about the couple’s use of private email accounts. Mr. Trump made Hillary Clinton’s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state a central line of attack in his 2016 campaign for president. Even after the F.B.I. declined to charge Mrs. Clinton for her practices and handling of classified information, Republicans in Congress have continued to pick away at the case.[Update: The use of private email and chats, this time by Trump’s family, comes under fire.]Mr. Lowell could not say if Mr. Kushner had communicated classified information on the messaging service, WhatsApp, telling lawmakers that was “above my pay grade.” He asserted that because Mr. Kushner took screenshots of the communications and sent them to his official White House account or the National Security Council, his client was not in violation of federal records laws.In a letter on Thursday disclosing the new information, Mr. Cummings said the findings added urgency to his investigation of possible violations of the Presidential Records Act by members of the Trump administration, including Mr. Kushner and Ms. Trump. He accused the White House of stonewalling his committee on information that it had requested months ago, when Republicans still controlled the House.“The White House’s failure to provide documents and information is obstructing the committee’s investigation into allegations of violations of federal records laws by White House officials,” Mr. Cummings wrote. He said he would “be forced to consider alternative means to obtain compliance” if documents he requested about White House communications and record keeping were not shared with the committee, an indication he could subpoena them.Steven Groves, a White House lawyer, said the White House would review Mr. Cummings’s letter and “provide a reasonable response in due course.”Mr. Lowell, in a letter of his own, accused Mr. Cummings of misrepresenting parts of what he told lawmakers last year and disputed suggestions that either of his clients had broken the law.The oversight committee first began scrutinizing the use of private communications services at the White House in 2017 amid news reports that Mr. Kushner had used a private email account for government business and then that Ms. Trump had done the same.Mr. Kushner’s use of WhatsApp was also reported earlier in at least one instance, but its scope was not previously known. CNN reported in October that Mr. Kushner had communicated with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, the de facto leader of Saudi Arabia, using WhatsApp.Mr. Lowell confirmed details of Mr. Kushner’s private messaging use — though not his communications with Prince Mohammed — during a meeting in December with Mr. Cummings and the committee’s chairman at the time, Representative Trey Gowdy, Republican of South Carolina. Asked if Mr. Kushner had been cleared to use the messaging app to communicate with foreign leaders, Mr. Lowell recommended that the lawmakers ask the National Security Council and the White House, Mr. Cummings said.On Thursday, Mr. Lowell said that contrary to what Mr. Cummings’s letter asserted, he had not confirmed that the president’s son-in-law was communicating on WhatsApp with foreign “leaders,” merely that he messaged with “some people.” More broadly, Mr. Lowell said he had told lawmakers that he was not privy to many details of Mr. Kushner’s use of WhatsApp, instructing them, “that is a question for the White House counsel, not me.”Mr. Lowell also took issue with Mr. Cummings’s account of what he said about Ms. Trump.In his letter, Mr. Cummings said that after speaking to Mr. Lowell, he believed Ms. Trump could also potentially be in violation of the Presidential Records Act because of her use of a private email account. Specifically, he said Mr. Lowell had told the committee that although Ms. Trump forwards work-related emails received on her personal account to an official government account, she only does so if she responds to the message.Mr. Lowell, though, said that was oversimplifying his response. In the exchange highlighted by the chairman, he had been referring to Ms. Trump’s practices before September 2017, he said. Since then, he said, “she always forwards official business to her White House account.”Mr. Cummings’s committee is separately investigating the circumstances under which Mr. Kushner and Ms. Trump, and other administration officials, received security clearances. The New York Times reported last month that Mr. Trump had personally intervened to secure a top-secret clearance for Mr. Kushner despite legal and national security concerns raised by his advisers.Mr. Kushner and Ms. Trump do not appear to be the only current or former White House officials in Mr. Cummings’s sights for their personal email use. He wrote on Thursday that he had also obtained documents apparently showing that K. T. McFarland had used a personal AOL account for official business while she served as deputy national security adviser and that Stephen K. Bannon had done the same while a White House adviser.Mr. Cummings set an April 4 deadline for the White House to comply with his latest requests. To what extent it will do so, though, remains to be seen.The White House has generally been resistant so far to satisfy requests from House Democrats.On Thursday, the White House counsel, Pat Cipollone, rejected another request from Mr. Cummings and the chairmen of the Intelligence and Foreign Affairs committees  for information about Mr. Trump’s private communications with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. In a letter, he said that the Constitution and the courts had granted the president broad authority to conduct foreign policy and that presidents of both parties had rightly fought to protect their communications with foreign leaders.“While we respectfully seek to accommodate appropriate oversight requests, we are unaware of any precedent supporting such sweeping requests,” Mr. Cipollone wrote.Three people who operated multimillion-dollar birth-tourism businesses in Southern California were arrested Thursday in the biggest federal criminal probe ever to target the thriving industry, in which pregnant women come to the United States to give birth so their children will become American citizens.The businesses coached their clients to deceive United States immigration officials and pay indigent rates at hospitals to deliver their babies, even though many of the clients were wealthy, investigators said. Some Chinese couples were charged as much as $100,000 for a birth-tourism package that included housing, nannies and shopping excursions to Gucci.A tip sheet for customers, entitled “Strategies to Maximize the Chance of Entry,” recommended stating on a visa application that pregnant mothers intended to stay at the “5-star” hotel, “Trump International Waikiki Beach,” to convince immigration officials that they were well-to-do vacationers, not mothers traveling with the intention of giving birth on American soil, investigators said.Grand jury indictments unsealed Thursday in Federal District Court in Los Angeles brought the total number of people charged in the schemes to 19, including both business operators and clients. But some of those targeted in the indictments were not presently in the United States, investigators said.The appeal of bearing an American child, long associated with immigrants who enter the country illegally, has spurred a birth-tourism industry that now caters to people from all over the world.[Birth tourism is legal in Canada. A lawmaker calls it unscrupulous.]The industry is growing at a galloping pace, especially among Chinese nationals experiencing uncertainty over their country’s long-term economic prospects, investigators said. The number of businesses in operation is undoubtedly much larger than the three agencies targeted in the latest indictments in the Los Angeles area, said Mark Zito, assistant special agent in charge of Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Homeland Security Investigations in Los Angeles.“We are talking about three takedowns in L.A., when there are probably 300,” Mr. Zito said. “We have seen more businesses pop up. It is probably going stronger now than it was in 2015.”While the agencies charged in the current investigation cater mainly to Chinese parents, Mr. Zito said investigators have also found evidence of Russians heading to the Northeast and Nigerians traveling to Texas for the sole purpose of having American children. The Middle East is also a growing generator of birth tourism, investigators said.“We are trying to quell this, but it is increasing. Other nations will start taking advantage of this,” Mr. Zito said.The phenomenon of so-called anchor babies has fueled criticism from advocates of tougher immigration laws who are concerned that foreign adults are using their children to secure permanent residency in the United States and from there, access to public benefits.The indictments include an array of charges, including visa fraud, wire fraud and identity theft, against owners of the birth-tourism agencies that are accused of enabling thousands of Chinese women to come explicitly to give birth to American children.“Statements by the operators of these birthing houses show contempt for the United States, while they were luring clients with the power and prestige of U.S. citizenship for their children,” Nick Hanna, United States attorney in Los Angeles, said in a statement. “Some of the wealthy clients of these businesses also showed blatant contempt for the U.S. by ignoring court orders directing them to stay in the country to assist with the investigation, and by skipping out on their unpaid hospital bills.”There are no official figures for how many babies are delivered to tourists on American soil. The Center for Immigration Studies, a group that supports restricting immigration, puts the number at about 36,000 annually in a 2015 report.“The fact that we have no idea of the scale of birth tourism is a problem in and of itself,” said Jessica Vaughan, director of policy studies at the center in Washington. “We should not tolerate an entire industry that encourages people to come here for the sole purpose of having a child who leaves with a U.S. passport.”In recent years, the practice has prompted some lawmakers, who have opposed children of undocumented immigrants automatically becoming citizens, to propose repealing birthright citizenship, which is enshrined in the 14th Amendment of the Constitution.President Trump last year claimed erroneously that the United States is the “only country in the world” that automatically confers citizenship to anyone born in the country. In fact, it is one of at least 30 countries that do so.Still, the United States has struggled to rein in birth tourism because it is not unlawful for foreigners who are pregnant to travel to the United States or to have babies in the country.“Birth tourism is a gray area of the law,” said Ms. Vaughan, who called “at the very least” for a revision of citizenship rights to prevent those who are in the country for only the first few weeks of their lives from retaining citizenship for life.China, home to a burgeoning moneyed class that includes many who are eager for a foothold in the United States, is the biggest market for the birth-tourism industry. The United States offers educational opportunities for their children and a safe haven down the road in the event of political and economic instability in their home country.The indictments allege that government officials, doctors and lawyers are among those traveling from China to the United States to have children.The businesses were dismantled following raids in 2015 by the special agents on several sites where the businesses housed pregnant women, in Los Angeles, San Bernardino and Orange Counties. But it is not clear how long the three birth-tourism agencies had been operating.Dongyuan Li, a resident of Irvine, Calif., who ran a business called “You Win USA,” is accused in the indictment of renting about 20 units in a luxury apartment complex in Irvine under the names of people who did not occupy them as part of an “illegal international birth tourism scheme.” Clients spent a couple of months there before giving birth and were then replaced with newly arrived pregnant women, the charging document said.On its website, Ms. Li’s company touted the benefits of having an American child, including a “most attractive nationality;” “priority for jobs in U.S. government, public companies and large corporations;” and the opportunity to immigrate to the United States once that child became an adult and could sponsor a parent for a green card.The business, which advertised on its website that it had handled 500 births, charged each client $40,000 to $80,000 for a range of services that included coaching on how to respond to questions at a visa interview, fill out forms and disguise the true motive for travel from Customs officers at the airport on arrival, according to the indictment.One customer is alleged to have falsely stated on a visa application that she would be spending 12 days at the “Trump International Hotel” in Hawaii.You Win USA recommended that clients flew from China to Hawaii and then connected on a domestic flight to Los Angeles, their final destination, to clear passport control in Honolulu and avoid tougher scrutiny expected from officers in California.It promised a refund to any customer who was not admitted into the country on arrival, according to the indictment.The business arranged accommodation, prenatal care and shopping trips for the women. In some cases, the indictment said, it instructed clients to fabricate financial documents to enable them to obtain visa extensions, and it deposited money temporarily in their bank accounts.Mr. Zito, the special agent, said clients were advised to claim they lacked insurance, which entitled them to pay the indigent rate at whichever hospital they used to deliver their babies.In some cases, he said, the women returned to China and canceled their credit card to avoid paying even that rate, about $4,000, which is a fraction of what it costs most women in the United States to deliver a baby.At the same time, he noted, “they would have nannies and buy things at Gucci and Hermes at South Coast Plaza,” a high-end mall in Costa Mesa, Calif., where many shops have Mandarin-speaking attendants to help the numerous Chinese customers.Ms. Li was arrested on Thursday, along with the operators of USA Happy Baby, another agency associated with birth tourism, according to the indictment: Michael Wei Yueh Liu, of Rancho Cucamonga, Calif., and Jing Dong, of Fontana, Calif.Another indictment charges Wen Rui Deng, operator of a business based in Los Angeles called Star Baby Care, believed to be the largest birth-tourism operation in the country. There was no arrest in that case because Ms. Deng is believed to be in China, investigators said.DUBAI — Saudi Aramco will offer 140 contracts worth 60 billion riyals ($16 billion) to small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the kingdom, the Al Arabiya TV website reported on Saturday.Aramco is working with the government to boost cooperation with SMEs as it spends 170 billion riyals on different services a year, Mohammed bin Ayed al-Shamri, deputy director of procurement and supply, was quoted as saying. (Reporting by Aziz El Yaakoubi; Editing by Mark Potter)SEATTLE — Amazon held off stiffer competition for online shoppers during the holiday season, once again increasing its sales. But the company said on Thursday that growth slowed from its usual breakneck pace — and it came at a cost, with the company spending far more on shipping to win customers.While strong, the latest quarterly results suggested that Amazon’s retail business not only faces more competition, it is also maturing. The company reported that its revenue from retail sales and services grew 17 percent to almost $65 billion globally, while its shipping costs rose 23 percent, to $9 billion, compared with the same quarter a year ago.The company is compensating for slowing growth in e-commerce by expanding its fast-moving, highly profitable cloud and advertising businesses. Over all, the company produced a profit of $3 billion in the quarter, up more than 60 percent from the same period a year earlier.Competition for shoppers over the holidays was intense and expensive, as other big retailers stepped up their promotions. Target offered free two-day shipping, no matter how small an order, and Walmart and others tried to maximize use of their physical stores, an advantage they have over Amazon. On Christmas Eve, Best Buy customers could order products online from store inventory as late as 5 p.m. and pick them up just an hour later.Amazon pushed back with expanded free shipping to all customers until about a week before Christmas, and made more products eligible for free one-day shipping for Prime members.But revenue from online shopping slowed, in part because now most of Amazon’s retail sales come from third-party merchants selling on its marketplace rather than from Amazon’s own inventory. Amazon gets only a slice of this revenue.In addition, the growth of Prime membership, which costs $119 a year, is approaching a plateau. About 56 percent of American households will be Prime members this year, up only slightly from 53 percent in 2018, Morgan Stanley estimated. Prime members spend far more on the site, making them crucial to increasing sales.Another risk awaits the company: India. The country, which Amazon has made its most important emerging market, imposed new regulations that prohibit foreign e-commerce companies from owning a stake in sellers that offer items on their sites. That has limited the selection available on Amazon by almost a third virtually overnight. Brian Olsavsky, Amazon’s finance chief, cited “uncertainty” in India as a reason Amazon predicted lower revenue for the next quarter than analysts had expected.Even as sales growth has slowed, though, Amazon has increased profit margins.The third-party merchant business, for example, is generally more profitable than when Amazon sells products it buys directly because the costs are lower.It has also tried to squeeze costs from its operations. Mr. Olsavsky pointed to how the number of employees grew 38 percent in 2017, excluding acquisitions, but just 14 percent in 2018. There were similar trends in the construction of data centers and warehouses. “We had a banking, if you will, of some large expansions in the prior two years,” Mr. Olsavsky said on a call with analysts.“The theme has been Amazon shifting from a product seller to a fee collector,” said Simeon Siegel, an analyst at Instinet. The shift from growth to profit is common as companies mature, he said: “We are going through growing pains.”Shares in the company fell nearly 5 percent in after-hours trading, after the quarterly results were released.Amazon’s two great profit engines are not in the core business of selling and fulfilling items, however — they are in cloud computing and advertising.Amazon Web Services, the leading provider of cloud computing, grew 45 percent, with $7.4 billion in sales and almost $2.2 billion in operating income.After several years of dominating the market, which it essentially helped create, Amazon now faces robust competition, including from Microsoft. At its annual cloud conference in November, Amazon announced a number of new products, including AWS Outposts, which lets companies use a single set of tools to manage data across cloud and local servers, an area known as “hybrid cloud” where Microsoft has had success.Mr. Olsavsky said the company had been hiring aggressively to bring in more engineers and sales staff for the cloud offerings, saying “AWS maintained a very strong growth rate and continued to deliver for customers.”Investors have increasingly looked to Amazon’s ad business, which displays ads on its own site as well as across the web based on consumer shopping habits, as a major driver of profit. The “Other” business unit, which analysts say is almost entirely advertising, had almost $3.4 billion in revenue during the quarter, and more than $10 billion over the last year.“They have long been a sleeping giant and had capacity to build a big advertising business,” said Brian Wieser, an analyst with Pivotal Research Group.SEATTLE — When a chain of physical therapy centers wanted new patients, it aimed online ads at people near its offices who had bought knee braces recently on Amazon.When a financial services provider wanted to promote its retirement advisory business, it directed ads to people in their 40s and 50s who had recently ordered a personal finance book from Amazon.And when a major credit card company wanted new customers, it targeted people who used cards from other banks on the retail site.The advertisers found those people by using Amazon’s advertising services, which leverage what the company knows better than anyone: consumers’ online buying habits.“Amazon has really straightforward database — they know what I buy,” said Daniel Knijnik, co-founder of Quartile Digital, an Amazon-focused ad agency that oversaw the ads for the clinics and retirement services. “For an advertiser, that’s a dream.”Ads sold by Amazon, once a limited offering at the company, can now be considered a third major pillar of its business, along with e-commerce and cloud computing. Amazon’s advertising business is worth about $125 billion, more than Nike or IBM, Morgan Stanley estimates. At its core are ads placed on Amazon.com by makers of toilet paper or soap that want to appear near product search results on the site.But many ad agencies are particularly excited by another area of advertising that is less obvious to many consumers. The company has been steadily expanding its business of selling video or display ads — the square and rectangular ads on sites across the web — and gaining ground on the industry leaders, Google and Facebook.In addition to knowing what people buy, Amazon also knows where people live, because they provide delivery addresses, and which credit cards they use. It knows how old their children are from their baby registries, and who has a cold, right now, from cough syrup ordered for two-hour delivery. And the company has been expanding a self-service option for ad agencies and brands to take advantage of its data on shoppers.“That is where the insane scale can happen for the business,” said John Denny, a vice president at CAVU Venture Partners, which invests in consumer brands like Bulletproof coffee and Hippeas chickpea puffs.Major online ad networks offer different ways to target customers. A brand that sells running shirts for women might turn to Google to find people who the company believes are female and interested in running based on their search and browsing history. The company may turn to Facebook for people in a women’s running group.Many of Amazon’s features are similar to those of Google or Facebook, like offering ways to target users based on their interests, searches and demographics. But Amazon’s ad system can also remove a lot of the guesswork by showing ads to people who have bought the shirts on Amazon.com.Advertisers have long run some targeted campaigns through Amazon’s ad network. Many have done that by working directly with Amazon’s staff, who would place their orders on their behalf. That option has historically been focused on larger brands because it requires a minimum advertising commitment. Over time, Amazon has given more advertisers and their agencies access to the self-service system to run their own targeting campaigns on and off Amazon’s websites, and at a variety of spending levels.Users of the self-service system can choose from hundreds of automated audience segments. Some of Amazon’s targeting capabilities are dependent on shopping behaviors, such as “International Market Grocery Shopper” and people who have bought “Acne Treatments” in the past month, or household demographics, such as “Presence of children aged 4-6.” Others are based on the media people consume on Amazon, such as “Denzel Washington Fans” or people who have recently streamed fitness and exercise videos on Amazon. The company declined to comment.Just the Cheese, a brand run by Specialty Cheese Company in Reeseville, Wis., makes crunchy dried cheese bars that have taken off as a low-carb snack. By using algorithms to analyze how Just the Cheese’s search ads performed on Amazon’s site, the ad agency Quartile Digital noticed that people who searched for keto snacks and cauliflower pizza crust, both low-carb diet trends, also bought a lot of cheese bars. So Quartile ran display ads across the web targeting Amazon customers who had bought those two specific product categories. Over three months, Amazon showed the ads on websites more than six million times, which resulted in almost 22,000 clicks and more than 4,000 orders.That 20 percent conversion rate — a sale to one out of five people who clicked on the ads — was “amazing,” Mr. Knijnik said. “That is the kind of powerful granularity for building the target audiences that just Amazon can give you.”Like other ad networks, Amazon uses cookies and other technical tools to track customers from its site onto other websites. They let the company know that a person who recently bought a diet book is now reading news on CNN and could be targeted on that site with an ad for a protein bar. Amazon does not tell the advertisers who that user is, but it does serve her ads on the brand’s behalf.Last year, Amazon released a tool similar to those used by some other ad networks. That tool embeds a piece of computer code known as a pixel in ads shown on other sites, and tracks how that particular ad placement leads to customers viewing a product on Amazon or buying it outright.“They want more branding dollars, those TV dollars; that is really part of the reason they launched that advertising attribution data,” said Melissa Burdick, who worked on Amazon’s ad teams before leaving to found Pacvue, which provides tools for brands to optimize Amazon ads.Aside from shopping habits, consumers give Amazon other information that it uses to aim ads. For example, Amazon’s website has a section called “Garage,” where customers can submit their car’s make and model information to make sure they buy parts that fit. In 2015, Amazon used Garage data to help an auto insurer target specific customers, according to a case study on its site. Now, on their own, brands can choose to show ads to drivers who have an Acura MDX as opposed to people who have an Acura TL via Amazon’s ad portal.Amazon has slowly been developing ways for brands to target their own customers and shoppers, like other ad networks have offered for a while. Advertisers can upload their own customer lists, which Amazon matches with its database, and then show ads to those customers, or other people Amazon’s algorithms determine are similar.Mr. Denny of CAVU Venture Partners pointed to one of his firm’s investments, One Brands, which sells protein bars on Amazon. The company can retarget customers who looked at the product page for its birthday cake-flavored bars, as well as so-called look-alike audiences that lets One Brands find consumers whose shopping behavior Amazon has determined is similar to people who have bought the bars before.It not only finds those customers, but Amazon automatically shows different ads to different people based on their shopping behavior. People who do a lot of research on products may see an ad that features positive product reviews, whereas those who have signed up for regular deliveries of other products in the past might see an ad offering a discount for those who “Subscribe & Save.”“Early tests are showing this is insanely powerful,” Mr. Denny said. “They can do this and nobody else can come close.”SAN FRANCISCO — In October, the Chinese province of Guangdong — the manufacturing center on the southern coast that drives 12 percent of the country’s economy — stopped publishing a monthly report on the health of its local factories.For five consecutive months, this key economic index had shown a drop in factory production as the United States applied billions of dollars in tariffs on Chinese exports. Then, amid an increasingly bitter trade war between the United States and China, the government authorities in Beijing shut the index down.A small start-up in San Francisco began rebuilding the index, lifting information from photos and infrared images of Guangdong’s factories captured by satellites orbiting overhead. The company, SpaceKnow, is now selling this information to hedge funds, banks and other market traders looking for an edge.High-altitude surveillance was once the domain of global superpowers. Now, a growing number of start-ups are turning it into a business, aiming to sell insights gleaned from cameras and other sensors installed on small and inexpensive “cube satellites.”The companies and governments that spent decades using internet services, cameras and other devices to collect data on regular people may soon get a taste of their own information technology.“Businesses will not be able to hide from competitors or regulators or watchdogs,” said Mark Johnson, chief executive and co-founder of Descartes Labs, another satellite information start-up. “They need to realize that their traditional competitive advantage — information — will be available to everyone.”Nearly 730 Earth observation satellites were launched over the last decade, according to Euroconsult, a research firm that tracks the space market. In the next 10 years, 2,220 more will follow them into orbit, training an increasingly wide array of sensors on the planet.Orbital Insight, in Palo Alto, Calif., is one of the first companies to build a business around cube satellite data. Sitting in Orbital’s offices on a recent afternoon, James Crawford, the company’s founder and chief executive, who goes by Jimi, opened his laptop and pulled up a report on three big-name retailers: J. C. Penney, Macy’s and Sears.Based on the company’s satellite data, a color-coded line graph showed a steady drop in the number of cars parked outside the thousands of stores operated by the three retailers. The drop was particularly steep for Sears, which had filed for bankruptcy just days earlier. “This is one of the reasons they’ve been under so much pressure,” Mr. Crawford said.You don’t need satellite photos to know that Sears is failing. Companies like Orbital Insight are typically tight-lipped when it comes to more important data — as are their customers — mainly because they see this information as a competitive advantage.But the line graph showed how Mr. Crawford and his start-up can target the performance of individual businesses. Orbital Insight tracks activity in more than 260,000 retail parking lots across the country, and it monitors the levels of more than 25,000 oil tanks around the world.Not surprisingly, Orbital Insight and SpaceKnow said, some of their customers use this satellite data to track the progress of their direct competitors, though those customers and their competitors are very reluctant to talk about it.Mr. Crawford believes the satellite analysis will ultimately lead to more efficient markets and a better understanding of the global economy. Fred Abrahams, a researcher with the advocacy group Human Rights Watch, sees it as a check on the world’s companies and governments.Mr. Abrahams and his team use satellite imagery to track everything from illegal mining and logging operations to large-scale home demolitions. “This is why we are so committed to these technologies,” he said. “They make it that much harder to hide large-scale abuses.”All of this is being driven by a drop in the cost of building, launching and operating satellites. Today, a $3 million satellite that weighs less than 10 pounds can capture significantly sharper images than a $300 million, 900-pound satellite built in the late 1990s. That allows companies to put up dozens of devices, each of which can focus on a particular area of the globe or on a particular kind of data collection. As a result, more companies are sending more satellites into orbit, and these satellites are generating more data.And recent advances in artificial intelligence allow machines to analyze this data with greater speed and accuracy. “The future is automation, with humans only looking at the very interesting stuff,” Mr. Crawford said.Orbital Insight does not operate its own satellites. Nor does SpaceKnow or Descartes Labs. The start-ups buy their data from a growing number of satellite operators, and they build the automated systems that analyze the data, pinpointing objects like cars, buildings, mines and oil tankers in high-resolution photos and other images.Now, satellite operators are building similar systems, selling analysis as well as the raw data. The market topped $4.6 billion in 2017. By 2027, it will reach $11.4 billion, according to Euroconsult.What began with satellite cameras is rapidly expanding to infrared sensors that detect heat; “hyperspectral” sensors that identify minerals, vegetation and other materials; and radar scanners that can build three-dimensional images of the landscape below. As it reconstructs the Guangdong economic index, SpaceKnow uses infrared imagery, which can help show activity around roughly 600 factories and other industrial sites in the province.After a new satellite went up in December, a Virginia start-up called HawkEye 360 will soon track wireless signals — a way of understanding the behavior of everything from cellphone networks to cargo ships. This could provide new insight in the progress of cellular companies like AT&T and Verizon, including how many cellular towers are in operation, how active they are, and what technologies and wireless bands are being used.But as technology improves and costs drop, some still warn satellite intelligence gathering has its limits. Finding useful information in satellite imagery can be expensive, said Shawana Johnson, a veteran of satellite intelligence work who is now the president of Global Marketing Insights, a consulting firm dedicated to this area.“You have to want to look at a variety of activities across the Earth and look at them daily — or weekly — for the cost to makes sense,” she said.Others question how useful this data is, particularly for market traders. John Alberg, a data and machine learning specialist who co-founded the investment firm Euclidean Technologies, said traders could find more important and detailed information about companies here on Earth.“Satellite imagery is a narrow niche,” he said.Mr. Johnson, of Descartes Labs, acknowledged that satellite data is not always as useful as it seems to be. Descartes and other companies are still searching for the best ways to use this new trove of information.The data collected by SpaceKnow provides a rough guide to factory production in Guangdong, said Jeremy Fand, the SpaceKnow chief executive. “We can see when activity is growing — and slowing,” he said. But it is by no means as detailed or as reliable as the information Guangdong officials were collecting for their original index.In January, one satellite also provided a reminder that this is far more complicated technology than smartphones and street cameras. The WorldView-4 satellite operated by Digital Globe suddenly went dark.“Space is cool, but it takes a long time to get things right,” Mr. Johnson said. “You can’t just send a technician into space.”Each week, technology reporters and columnists from The New York Times review the week’s news, offering analysis and maybe a joke or two about the most important developments in the tech industry. Want this newsletter in your inbox? Sign up here.Hello, friends. I’m Kate Conger, a tech reporter in The Times’s San Francisco bureau. It has been another earnings news week, which means we’re learning exactly how much money the local tech companies earned in 2018.The news might not surprise you: Everyone in Silicon Valley is still raking in cash. Apple is the country’s most valuable public company again, after briefly losing the title to Amazon. Facebook has shattered its own considerable records for profit and revenue, despite increasing scrutiny of its business practices.And a flock of companies is set to join the tech giants in the public market. Slack, the workplace chat app that I compulsively check throughout my day, has filed for its initial public offering. It’s now in line behind Uber and Lyft for a 2019 debut on Wall Street. Airbnb and Pinterest are likely to follow, bringing a fresh wave of money to one of the most expensive regions in the United States.New wealth and tech is nothing new, of course. But it is notable that tech companies have done so well in a difficult year for the industry.Executives from Google, Facebook and Twitter were called to Washington to answer lawmakers’ concerns about political bias, privacy violations and excessive market power.In Europe, antitrust worries are on the rise. In 2017, Google paid what was a record fine of $2.7 billion. Last year, Google was fined again, this time for $5.1 billion.Just this past week, Germany announced that it would crack down on the way Facebook collects and combines data on its users as they browse the web. British doctors recommended that parents limit their children’s exposure to screens and social media, while my co-worker Brian X. Chen wrote about “bait apps” that trick kids into spending money online.The tech industry’s honeymoon with the rest of the world seems to be over. Except when it comes to making money.Snapchat and Twitter, two social media services that seemed to be struggling just months ago, posted better-than-anticipated earnings this past week. Google, which is facing down employee protests and regulatory scrutiny in the United States and Europe, posted a 22 percent increase in revenue.Our Google beat reporter, Daisuke Wakabayashi, wrote why it’s possible for tech firms to continue earning record profits even as the public’s perception of them sours. Google, he said, is the “internet’s ultimate beachfront property.” If you want to swim in the ocean, you need to walk across Google’s private beach first.Even if you don’t like the way a tech company behaves, boycotting may be an impossible challenge.I’ve been fascinated by Kashmir Hill’s series at Gizmodo about her struggles to extricate herself from the so-called Big Five: Google, Amazon, Microsoft, Apple and Facebook. She recounted all the missed texts and wrong turns she made as she tried to get through her day without the technology that I take for granted. The series is a warning about the uphill battle we’d all face if we decided to limit our collective tech addiction.And as long as it remains difficult to quit, tech’s profits will continue to soar.In other news:■ Newsrooms are increasingly relying on artificial intelligence to churn out quick news pieces about earthquakes, sports scores and — of course — earnings. “Robot reporters” are on the rise at Bloomberg, The Washington Post and other publications. Here at The Times, our A.I. experimentation has been limited to newsletter personalization, Jaclyn Peiser reports. Maybe someday soon, a robot reporter will be picking these stories to share with you.■ Did you know the North Pole could move? I learned that the magnetic north pole is heading toward Siberia at a surprising pace, thanks to a fascinating report from Shannon Hall. The pole, which I’d always assumed was a fixed point, is on the move thanks to the “sloshing” of liquid iron in the outer core of the Earth, and we have to continually track it so that navigation systems remain reliable. But we’re a bit behind because of the government shutdown.■ Instacart revised its tipping policy this past week after backlash from the delivery people who pick up items for shoppers and deliver them to their doorsteps. Late last year, Instacart started counting tips against payments to its delivery people, essentially stripping them of their tips.“It’s offensive, it’s unethical, and in this climate it’s a very dumb thing to do,” one Instacart courier told Kevin Roose. Now, Instacart has reversed course and will include tips on top of the delivery fee it pays its shoppers.■ Even though Facebook is banned in China, the company found a way to generate an estimated $5 billion from the country, Paul Mozur and Lin Qiqing report. To tap the market, Facebook has created what sounds like an Ikea floor model that allows interested advertisers to familiarize themselves with the platform while it remains hidden behind China’s Great Firewall.Kate Conger is based in San Francisco and writes about the technology industry. Follow her on Twitter: @kateconger.SAN FRANCISCO — Google’s parent company, Alphabet, had a tumultuous 2018, with employee revolts, antitrust fines, tough privacy regulation in Europe and heightened political scrutiny in Washington.Through it all, the company managed to produce strong financial results with the numbing consistency of the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl.On Monday, Alphabet said revenue rose 22 percent to $39.27 billion in its most recent quarter, while profits swung to $8.95 billion. Last year, Alphabet reported a loss after it took a $9.9 billion charge for the repatriation of foreign earnings after changes in the tax code.Alphabet’s financial consistency is easily explained. Google owns the internet’s ultimate beachfront property, the starting point for a lot of internet activity, whether it’s someone looking for entertainment on YouTube or hunting for product information on the Google search engine.While Facebook and Amazon are formidable competitors, Google is the top destination for marketers looking to reach consumers online. It accounted for 31 percent of digital advertising around the world last year, according to the research firm eMarketer.Google said advertising revenue from “Google properties” like search and YouTube was $27.02 billion in the fourth quarter, up 22 percent from a year earlier.The company’s ad business is shifting as more consumers use mobile devices for access to the internet. Alphabet reported a 66 percent increase in clicks on its ads, although the revenue per click fell 29 percent during the quarter. In other words, people are looking at Google’s ads more often, though the price of those ads is dropping.Mobile ads cost less than ads viewed on desktop devices. But the company has offset that decline because search ads take up more screen space on mobile phones — making it more likely users will click on them.Alphabet’s quarterly results beat Wall Street’s estimates, but the company’s share price was down about 2.6 percent in after-hours trading on Monday.If there is a cause for concern, it is Google’s rising costs. In order to maintain a foothold on smartphones, Google pays smartphone manufacturers like Apple billions of dollars to be the default search engine on their devices.Alphabet is also spending more to acquire content for YouTube, market new hardware products and build new data centers and other sorts of technology infrastructure.On a conference call with analysts on Monday, Sundar Pichai, Google’s chief executive, said investments in building and expanding data centers were “an important long-term investment” for future computing needs as the company rolled out new technologies like artificial intelligence.In 2018, Google’s costs and expenses grew 30 percent, outpacing the 23 percent increase in revenue. The company’s capital expenditures nearly doubled in the past year to $25.14 billion.Alphabet has continued to hire aggressively. It had 98,771 employees as of Dec. 31, compared with 80,110 workers a year earlier.Ruth Porat, Alphabet’s chief financial officer, has pushed the company to be more mindful of its costs — calling for more fiscal discipline at units like X, Google’s research and development arm. But her cost-cutting push has raised concerns among Google’s vocal employees.Last week, Google had to address a spreadsheet created by its human resources department in 2016 — the year after Ms. Porat joined the company — that raised the possibility of cost-cutting measures like promoting fewer employees and scaling back some of the company’s famous workplace perks.At a weekly employee meeting, Google management responded to sharp criticism from employees about the spreadsheet, saying that it was a brainstorming exercise and that most of the proposals were never considered.On the internet, conspiracy theories, propaganda and plain old inaccuracies can stump even the most thoughtful readers, spreading faster than you can say “fake news.”A small start-up, NewsGuard, says it may have a solution. The effort is led by a pair of veteran news executives — Steven Brill, an author and the founder of the magazine The American Lawyer, and Gordon Crovitz, a former publisher of The Wall Street Journal. On Wednesday the company announced that it had signed Microsoft as its first major client.NewsGuard has created the equivalent of nutrition labels for news organizations, rating more than 2,000 news and information sites with tags: red for unreliable, green for trustworthy. A team of roughly 50 journalists and analysts is making the evaluations.NewsGuard has given its stamp of approval to established publications like The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal, as well as later entrants like BuzzFeed and Newsmax. FoxNews.com, The Hill, The Daily Beast and HuffPost have also gotten green lights.Sites to watch out for, according to NewsGuard, include Infowars and Breitbart on the right, and Daily Kos on the left. Media Matters, a left-leaning advocacy organization with a prolific media-watchdog blog, has received a green rating, but scores negatively on four of the nine criteria used by NewsGuard.The start-up hopes to become a regular part of the reading experience on the web. Its premise is that it is more efficient to rate news organizations than the endless stream of articles rolled out each hour.The service, free to readers, offers a browser extension that shows a news operation’s rating when a reader lands on its site. The NewsGuard tag also appears in search results next to article links for those who have the extension.“The point is to make this ubiquitous,” Mr. Brill said in an interview.To make money, the company has pitched major technology companies to license its software and incorporate its ratings into their services. The first major tech player to sign on is Microsoft, which has agreed to install the system onto its mobile browser, NewsGuard said.The venture is not Mr. Brill’s first go-round on the media beat. In 1998, he founded the monthly magazine Brill’s Content, which chronicled how the journalism sausage got made until it closed in 2001.He acknowledged that, for now, NewsGuard’s analysis lacked the distribution to have a major effect, but a Gallup survey funded by the Knight Foundation suggested that independent ratings can change how people consume news. Readers who participated in the poll were less likely to share headlines that were flagged as potentially misleading. (The Knight Foundation is also an investor in NewsGuard.)NewsGuard has raised about $6 million at a valuation of around $20 million. Its biggest corporate backer is Publicis, an advertising holding company.Both founders said they were surprised, at first, by the advertising industry’s interest in their project. “For them, it’s the whole problem of fake news being an issue for ‘brand safety,’” Mr. Brill said. “I hadn’t even heard that term until we looked out for investors.”Last year, some advertisers fled YouTube after they noticed their messages were appearing alongside videos promoting terrorists. And while they haven’t abandoned Facebook, marketers are requesting more data to make sure their brands aren’t being associated with questionable content.Facebook has become a flash point for the spread of false reports. To combat media pollution, the company has worked with fact checkers and has enlisted third-party groups, including The Associated Press, Snopes and PolitiFact, to make evaluations. Still, it can take up to three days for Facebook to verify content — which has little or no effect, in most cases, since articles go viral in minutes.Facebook and other social networks have not signed on with NewsGuard, but Mr. Brill and Mr. Crovitz anticipate that some kind of ratings service will eventually be adopted across the web. And despite their positioning as a nutrition label for news, they said no one should interpret their work as an endorsement for some kind of media equivalent to the Food and Drug Administration.“We’d be very uncomfortable if the government were mandating anything with regard to news,” Mr. Crovitz said. “That would violate free speech values. You have the First Amendment.”In a significant escalation of the criminal case against Michael Avenatti, the brash lawyer known for representing Stormy Daniels in lawsuits against President Trump, federal prosecutors in California announced on Thursday that he had been indicted on three dozen counts.The authorities accused Mr. Avenatti of stealing millions of dollars from five clients and of lying repeatedly about his business and income — not just to clients but also to an I.R.S. collection agent, creditors, a bankruptcy court and a bankruptcy trustee.Mr. Avenatti was indicted by a federal grand jury in Santa Ana, Calif., on the new charges, which included tax fraud and bankruptcy fraud, adding to charges of wire fraud, bank fraud and extortion that were filed against him last month in California and New York. If convicted of all the crimes of which he has been accused in California alone, prosecutors said, he would face a maximum of 333 years in prison, and an additional two-year mandatory sentence on an identity theft charge.“It is lawyer 101: You do not steal your client’s money,” Nicola T. Hanna, the United States attorney in Los Angeles, said at a news conference Thursday, describing Mr. Avenatti’s business as a Ponzi scheme of sorts. “Money generated from one set of crimes was used to further other crimes, typically in the form of payments used to string along victims so as to prevent Mr. Avenatti’s financial house of cards from collapsing.”Mr. Avenatti denied all of the allegations on Thursday. He has suggested that the case against him is politically motivated, following his aggressive representation of Ms. Daniels, the pornographic film actress who said she had a sexual relationship with President Trump and received a hush-money payment in October 2016. (Two suits that Mr. Avenatti brought on behalf of Ms. Daniels against Mr. Trump have been dismissed.)“This case is based on the facts and the documents,” Mr. Hanna said Thursday, noting that the charges stemmed from an inquiry by the I.R.S.’s criminal investigation division that dated to September 2016, before Mr. Trump was elected and well before Mr. Avenatti began representing Ms. Daniels.Among the five clients Mr. Avenatti is accused of defrauding across four matters, prosecutors said, one was a paraplegic man, Geoffrey Ernest Johnson, who won a $4 million settlement from Los Angeles County four years ago but had received only “a fraction of the money” through periodic payments that never exceeded $1,900.“Mr. Avenatti stole millions of dollars that were meant to compensate Mr. Johnson for a devastating injury, spent it on his own lavish lifestyle, then lied about it to Mr. Johnson for years to cover his tracks,” Josh Robbins, a lawyer for Mr. Johnson, said Thursday. “His actions have left Mr. Johnson destitute.”Mr. Avenatti lied to clients about having received a total of more than $12 million in settlement payments, a share of which he would have been entitled to keep for his work, prosecutors said. He told clients the money had not yet arrived or, in one case, that he had already forwarded the funds to the client. He paid out small portions of what was owed to the clients, calling those payments “advances on the settlement,” prosecutors said.Mr. Avenatti put most of the client money toward his own expenses, the authorities said, including a $5 million private jet that he co-owned, which prosecutors said they had seized on Wednesday. In the purchase of that aircraft, according to the charging documents unsealed Thursday, Mr. Avenatti used $2.5 million of a client’s $3 million settlement, paid in 2017, while he told the client that the settlement would be paid in installments over eight years.In other instances, the indictment said, he put client money toward paying personal legal expenses, paying creditors after his firm had filed for bankruptcy, and paying costs associated with a coffee company he owned.He also dodged taxes, some that he owed himself and others that were owed by his firm, prosecutors said. They alleged that Mr. Avenatti had lied to an I.R.S. revenue officer and had taken steps to prevent the government from collecting on tax liens and levies since 2013.Though from 2015 to 2017 he withheld taxes from the paychecks of employees at the coffee company he owned — Global Baristas, which ran Tully’s coffee stores — Mr. Avenatti failed to pay more than $3 million in payroll taxes to the government, prosecutors said. They accused him of trying to obstruct the government’s efforts to collect nearly $5 million in unpaid payroll taxes and penalties by routing coffee-company money to different bank accounts, including one associated with a car-racing company he owned.“As the tax filing season comes to an end, the indictment filed today sends a clear message,” Ryan Korner, the acting special agent in charge of the I.R.S.’s Criminal Investigation division in Los Angeles, said Thursday. “We will investigate all individuals, including high-profile attorneys who violate the tax laws.”At the time of Thursday’s announcement, Mr. Avenatti was out on $300,000 bail after having been arrested late last month in New York, where he was accused of demanding millions from Nike’s lawyers while threatening to reveal what he has described as improper payments to college basketball recruits by the sportswear giant. He is due to answer to the new charges against him on April 29 in federal court in Santa Ana.“I intend to fully fight all charges and plead not guilty,” Mr. Avenatti said on Twitter after the new charges in California were announced. “I look forward to the entire truth being known as opposed to a one-sided version meant to sideline me.”“For 20 years, I have represented Davids vs. Goliaths and relied on due process and our system of justice,” he said. “Along the way, I have made many powerful enemies. I am entitled to a full presumption of innocence and am confident that justice will be done once all of the facts are known.”Mr. Avenatti, 48, was a fixture on cable news as an antagonist to Mr. Trump as Ms. Daniels’s case played out. He and Ms. Daniels parted ways this year, and his firm again filed for bankruptcy last month. Even since he was first charged last month, he has turned to the news media to mount his defense.“I can take a tremendous amount of punishment and keep going,” he told The New York Times days after he was arrested. “Anytime you’re charged with any felony you have to take it seriously, and I’m concerned about it,” he said, quickly adding: “The government has me in their cross-hairs, and there are reasons for that.”He declined to explain what exactly he meant by that.A teenage girl who did not play soccer magically became a star soccer recruit at Yale. Cost to her parents: $1.2 million.A high school boy eager to enroll at the University of Southern California was falsely deemed to have a learning disability so he could take his standardized test with a complicit proctor who would make sure he got the right score. Cost to his parents: at least $50,000.A student with no experience rowing won a spot on the U.S.C. crew team after a photograph of another person in a boat was submitted as evidence of her prowess. Her parents wired $200,000 into a special account.In a major college admissions scandal that laid bare the elaborate lengths some wealthy parents will go to get their children into competitive American universities, federal prosecutors charged 50 people on Tuesday in a brazen scheme to buy spots in the freshman classes at Yale, Stanford and other big-name schools.[The college admissions scandal has raised a lot of questions. We’ve answered them here.]Thirty-three well-heeled parents were charged in the case, including Hollywood celebrities and prominent business leaders, and prosecutors said there could be additional indictments to come.Also implicated were top college athletic coaches, who were accused of accepting millions of dollars to help admit undeserving students to a wide variety of colleges, from the University of Texas at Austin to Wake Forest and Georgetown, by suggesting they were top athletes.The parents included the television star Lori Loughlin and her husband, the fashion designer Mossimo Giannulli; the actress Felicity Huffman; and William E. McGlashan Jr., a partner at the private equity firm TPG, officials said.[Read more here about the scheme worked, from bribes to doctored photos.]The scheme unveiled Tuesday was stunning in its breadth and audacity. It was the Justice Department’s largest-ever college admissions prosecution, a sprawling investigation that involved 200 agents nationwide and resulted in charges against 50 people in six states.The charges also underscored how college admissions have become so cutthroat and competitive that some have sought to break the rules. The authorities say the parents of some of the nation’s wealthiest and most privileged students sought to buy spots for their children at top universities, not only cheating the system, but potentially cheating other hard-working students out of a chance at a college education.In many of the cases, prosecutors said, the students were not aware that their parents were doctoring their test scores and lying to get them into school. Federal prosecutors did not charge any students or universities with wrongdoing.“The parents are the prime movers of this fraud,” Andrew E. Lelling, the United States attorney for the District of Massachusetts, said Tuesday during a news conference. Mr. Lelling said that those parents used their wealth to create a separate and unfair admissions process for their children.“The real victims in this case are the hardworking students” who were displaced in the admissions process by “far less qualified students and their families who simply bought their way in,” Mr. Lelling said.At the center of the sweeping financial crime and fraud case was William Singer, the founder of a college preparatory business called the Edge College & Career Network, also known as The Key.The authorities said Mr. Singer used The Key and its nonprofit arm, Key Worldwide Foundation, which is based in Newport Beach, Calif., to help students cheat on their standardized tests, and to pay bribes to the coaches who could get them into college with fake athletic credentials.[Read more about William Singer, the founder of a college preparatory business, who’s at the center of the case.]Mr. Singer used The Key as a front, allowing parents to funnel money into an account without having to pay any federal taxes.Parents paid Mr. Singer about $25 million from 2011 until February 2019 to bribe coaches and university administrators to designate their children as recruited athletes, which effectively ensured their admission, according to the indictment.Mr. Singer appeared in federal court in Boston on Tuesday afternoon and pleaded guilty to counts of racketeering conspiracy, money laundering conspiracy, conspiracy to defraud the United States, and obstruction of justice.Sitting very still and wearing a dark suit, he described how he arranged for students’ SAT and ACT results to be falsified by sending them to take the exams in Houston or Los Angeles, where he had bribed test administrators. He described the students as believing they were taking the tests legitimately, but said that his test proctor would correct their answers afterward. Mr. Singer said he would tell the proctor the score he wanted the student to get, and he would achieve that score exactly.In his testimony, he referred to his bribery and money laundering schemes as “a side door” method of admission.“If I can make the comparison, there is a front door of getting in where a student just does it on their own, and then there’s a back door where people go to institutional advancement and make large donations, but they’re not guaranteed in,” Mr. Singer said. “And then I created a side door that guaranteed families to get in. So that was what made it very attractive to so many families, is I created a guarantee.”One of the prosecutors, Eric S. Rosen, said that Mr. Singer had in some cases falsified students’ ethnicities and other biographical details to take advantage of affirmative action.Mr. Singer also described how, after he became a cooperating witness and was told by the prosecutors and the F.B.I. that he could not talk to anyone about the case, he tipped off several families that he was wired and warned them not to incriminate themselves in conversations with him.The judge set sentencing for June 19, and Mr. Singer was released on a $500,000 bond.[Read about how the scandal ensnared the stars Felicity Huffman and Lori Loughlin.]Most elite universities recruit student athletes and use different criteria to admit them, often with lower grades and standardized test scores than other students.Mr. Singer helped parents go to great lengths to falsely present their children as the sort of top-flight athletes that coaches would want to recruit.Mr. Singer fabricated athletic “profiles” of students to submit with their applications, which contained teams the students had not played on and honors they had not won. Some parents supplied “staged photographs of their children engaged in athletic activity,” according to the authorities; Mr. Singer’s associates also photoshopped the faces of the applicants onto images of athletes found on the internet.“This is an extreme, unsubtle and illegal example of the increasingly common practice of using money to get an edge in the race for a place in an elite university,” said Christopher Hunt, who runs College Essay Mentor, a consulting service for applicants.In one example detailed in an indictment, the parents of a student applying to Yale paid Mr. Singer $1.2 million to help her get admitted. The student, who did not play soccer, was described as the co-captain of a prominent club soccer team in Southern California in order to be recruited for the Yale women’s soccer team. The head coach of the Yale team, Rudolph Meredith, was bribed at least $400,000 to recruit the student.After the profile was created, Mr. Singer sent the fake profile to Mr. Meredith, who then designated her as a recruit, even though he knew the student did not play competitive soccer, according to the complaint.[Read the full list of who has been charged here.]In its investigation, known internally as Operation Varsity Blues, the government focused on the 33 indicted parents. Those parents were willing to pay between $15,000 and $75,000 per test, which went to college entrance exam administrators who helped their children cheat on them by giving them answers, correcting their work or even letting third parties falsely pose as their children and take the tests in their stead, according to the indictment.Mr. Singer instructed at least one parent, Mr. McGlashan, to claim that his son had learning disabilities in order to gain extended time for him to take his college entrance exam alone, over two days instead of one, according to court documents.The government said that Mr. McGlashan’s son was told to take the exam at one of two test centers where Mr. Singer worked with test administrators who had been bribed to allow students to cheat. And Mr. Singer told Mr. McGlashan to fabricate a reason, such as a wedding, for why their children would need to take the test in one of those locations.Mr. McGlashan’s son was unaware of the scheme, according to court documents.Mr. McGlashan did not respond to an email seeking comment. TPG said that it had placed Mr. McGlashan on indefinite administrative leave effective immediately as a result of the charges.When Mr. Singer explained the scheme last June to Gordon R. Caplan, co-chairman of the global law firm Willkie Farr & Gallagher, Mr. Caplan laughed and said, “And it works?” according to a transcript of a recorded phone conversation between the two men captured in a court-authorized wiretap.Mr. Singer told Mr. Caplan that his daughter would not know that her standardized test scores had been faked.“Nobody knows what happens,” Mr. Singer said, according to the transcript of the call. “She feels great about herself. She got a test score, and now you’re actually capable for help getting into a school. Because the test score’s no longer an issue. Does that make sense?”“That does,” Mr. Caplan said. According to prosecutors, Mr. Caplan paid $75,000 for the service.A spokeswoman for Mr. Caplan and Willkie Farr did not respond to an email seeking comment.Universities were quick to respond to the charges on Tuesday. According to the indictment, Stanford University’s head sailing coach, John Vandemoer, took financial contributions to the sailing program from an intermediary in exchange for agreeing to recommend two prospective students for admission.Stanford said Tuesday that Mr. Vandemoer had been fired. The University of Texas at Austin released a statement Tuesday saying that its men’s tennis coach, Michael Center, has been placed on leave. And at U.S.C., Donna Heinel, a top athletic director, and Jovan Vavic, the men’s and women’s water polo coach, were terminated. Ms. Heinel received more than $1.3 million in bribes and Mr. Vavic about $250,000 according to federal prosecutors.In a letter to the college community, Wanda M. Austin, the interim president of the University of Southern California, said, “It is immensely disappointing that individuals would abuse their position at the university this way.”Like other college administrators, Dr. Austin said she did not believe that admissions officers were aware of the scheme or took part in it, and she described the university as a victim.Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together.WASHINGTON — I had a flight to Palm Beach booked for the day after Christmas. President Trump was scheduled to spend 16 days at his Florida club, Mar-a-Lago, over the holidays, and our White House team had divided up the hardship assignment, with most of us taking three-day shifts in the sun. (Last year on the gig, Michael S. Schmidt scored an unplanned interview with the President.)Destination Mar-a-Lago was a big reason many people close to the president predicted, at first, that the shutdown might be short-lived. Unaccustomed to spending winter weekends in Washington, the president would be eager to resume his more familiar, golf-all-afternoon routine, his friends and allies said. He wouldn’t let the fight with Congress over a border wall ruin that.But my flight came and went, and I was not on it. New Year’s Eve came and went, and no one on our team ever had to travel to Florida, because the president didn’t.One of the biggest changes of covering Mr. Trump’s West Wing during the shutdown, now on its 34th day, is that he is here, almost all of the time. It’s become a point of pride for Mr. Trump: that he is waiting patiently in the White House — “I am all alone (poor me) in the White House,” he wrote on Twitter over the holidays — for Democrats to come back to the table and make him a deal, i.e., fund his border wall.But aside from Mr. Trump’s physical presence in Washington, there are fewer changes than one might think on the White House beat.Mr. Trump’s days are filled, sort of, with meetings with his vice president or a cabinet secretary, maybe an afternoon briefing on border security, or a meeting with lawmakers from the Hill. (Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, however, haven’t come over since Jan. 9, when they said that Mr. Trump stormed out after declaring their meeting a “total waste of time.”)But the schedule is always light. Mr. Trump’s day, almost every day, starts with three hours of unstructured and unexplained “executive time,” which in the mornings often means he hasn’t left the residence. If you track his morning tweets with the cable chyrons (the text at the bottom of the screen during broadcasts), what it often means is that he is taking in the morning shows. The first meeting on his private schedule rarely occurs before 11 a.m.There have been no briefings from the press secretary during the shutdown, but that’s not new either — those have been quietly phased out since last September.The White House had no clear domestic policy agenda before the shutdown. There is little other work going on inside the building these days, but it’s not clear what short-term projects senior staff members have been diverted from.The whole city is quieter. You can always get a seat on the Metro. Traffic is light. The Eisenhower Executive Office Building, where overflow staff and other departments work from, has become a ghost town of empty offices. But the West Wing is still buzzing with its typical antagonistic energy.All of the senior White House officials who have become household names are still working. Many of them want the shutdown to end. Some of them are bored. When you visit their offices, they’ll tell you they’re not worried about their own missed paychecks, but many of them will admit they are annoyed that there are empty chairs where their assistants usually sit.Twitter also still works during the shutdown. And Mr. Trump’s thumbs have been as quick as ever when he sees an opportunity to belittle the press or amplify what looks like a brewing culture war. He relished a statement from the special counsel’s office that disputed a report that he had directed Michael D. Cohen, his longtime lawyer and fixer, to lie to Congress about his role in negotiations to build a Trump skyscraper in Moscow. And he was quick to take sides in a race-driven controversy, declaring that the white, male students from Covington Catholic High School had become “symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be” after a viral video captured them in a standoff with a Native American man at the March for Life in Washington, D.C.Some parts of my job have become more frustrating. “Communications with the media will be limited to events and issues involving the safety of human life or the protection of property, or those determined to be essential to national security,” was an automatic email response I got recently from a spokeswoman at the State Department. I had contacted her to obtain public information that was supposed to have been published online but that has not been, because of the shutdown. The White House has also stopped distributing guidance for the week ahead. Now, we find out the night before what’s on the president’s agenda for the next day.On Tuesday, I spoke with someone intimately involved in the shutdown discussions. The person assured me that Mr. Trump was never, ever going to cave on the wall, and that there has been a silver lining to the shutdown, even as 800,000 federal workers are missing their second paycheck. This person said the shutdown has been an opportunity to make a national case about border security.It sounds like pure spin, but there’s something to that. In a White House where every major development is supplanted before its significance can be fully digested, the shutdown has overshadowed many things. James Mattis, the defense secretary, resigned over what he considered a rash decision to pull troops out of Syria. The Trump Foundation was forced to close amid allegations that the family was using it for personal benefit. The stock market lost more in a month than it had since the Great Depression. Meanwhile, the shutdown has turned the White House into a one-issue building, and its reporters into a one-story crowd.Follow the @ReaderCenter on Twitter for more coverage highlighting your perspectives and experiences and for insight into how we work.Name: Kit Clementine KeenanAge: 19Hometown: New YorkNow Lives: She splits her time between a studio loft in Downtown Los Angeles and her parents’ townhouse in the West Village.Claim to Fame: Ms. Keenan is the daughter of Cynthia Rowley, the fashion designer. And although she is still in college (she is a second-year film student at the USC School of Cinematic Arts in Los Angeles), she is already following in her mother’s footsteps. Last year, Ms. Keenan started a youth-centric clothing brand called KIT. The line, which is sold exclusively through the company’s website, includes a mishmash of styles including graphic hoodies and white prairie dresses (prices range from $45 to $220). The randomness is by design. “What I want to do with the brand is have every drop be a complete reinvention, so it’s not like having to stick to one image of the brand,” Ms. Keenan said.Big Break: Ms. Keenan got the idea for her clothing label during her freshman year of college and used savings from modeling gigs to start the line. Having family connections certainly didn’t hurt. Her mother advised her on production and which factories to use. And when the site went live last June, it was covered by Elle and Women’s Wear Daily. KIT also had a pop-up shop last summer at the Surf Lodge in Montauk, where her parents have a home. “I didn’t have a business plan or fancy investors,” Ms. Keenan said. “I had a few thousand dollars and some good advice.”Latest Project: In July, Ms. Keenan released a second collection: six streetwear pieces that feature a Playboy bunny-like image created by Richard Prince, the contemporary artist, who also happens to be a close family friend. Mr. Prince had posted the image on his private Instagram account and invited followers to use his art. Ms. Keenan took him up on the offer. “I love this image, and I’ve had the print of it in my room growing up my entire life,” Ms. Keenan said.Next Thing: Ms. Keenan recently created her version of the little black dress, a body hugging black mock-neck dress, and is currently working on a small collection of basics for women with all kinds of bodies. “I have been working on perfecting one basic dress that is made to stretch to a wider range of sizes,” Ms. Keenan said. “I believe there is a gap in the industry for high quality basics that look good on a range of body types.”Bedtime Brainstorm: Borrowing an idea from her mother, Ms. Keenan keeps a notebook next to her bed so she can jot down ideas. “I was looking at my notes the other day, and one of them said, ‘Mongolian cashmere,’ and one of them said, ‘playing dress-up as a shoot idea,’” Ms. Keenan said. “When we’re in that trying-to-relax state, that’s when we’re most creative.”There is a lot of money to be made in beauty, and right now a lot of it is being made by male executives. Moj Mahdara wants to change that. The C.E.O. of Beautycon, which holds semiannual festival-like trade shows, recently raised $20 million in funding and has begun to open pop-up retail spaces in Los Angeles. She wants to see women achieve Warren Buffett-, Bill Gates- and Jeff Bezos-level wealth on their own terms. So she brought in a case study: Cardi B, the queen of “money moves.”Cardi talks about money without condescension. “Everything she’s telling you — about spending, saving, taxes — is transparent and through her lived experience,” said Ms. Mahdara. At Beautycon NYC, Cardi and Ms. Mahdara spoke about how the basics of financial literacy ignore some personal-finance realities. “You can save money when you can afford to save money,” Cardi said. “How you gonna save money and you have bills to pay?”Ms. Mahdara shared a common statistic on pay parity: A woman makes around 80 cents on a man’s dollar (a recent study found the gap is worse than that, 49 cents to every dollar). She asked Cardi for her insight on the matter. The rapper insisted she gets paid equally — now, at least. Back when Cardi was Insta-famous, but not yet “Bodak Yellow” famous, she hosted parties at clubs for a fee. It became clear that the rappers and other guys she co-hosted with were making more money than she was for the same job. “I said, ‘I’m going to stop taking bookings until y’all pay me more,’” she said. And “that bag doubled.” “Women are not comfortable talking about money,” Ms. Mahdara said, and men aren’t comfortable talking to them about it. She believes that her appearance and demeanor, as a butch, queer woman, intimidates the men she meets through business. “I think that’s half the reason I have issues with investors or people I work with,” she said. “I’m not a female they can put in a category and that’s uncomfortable for them.”Here, Cardi shares advice for leveling up, hustling and getting paid:Ask for what you wantCardi said she was always shy, and that it took getting used to asking for what she wanted. “That’s why men are sometimes good hustlers,” she said. “Women are so timid. A lot of girls ask me, ‘How do I get what I want?’ By asking.” Cardi was a stripper for a few years before she found fame online and on “Love & Hip Hop.” She hates bringing it up, she said, because she’s not suggesting that women should follow her path. But she learned a lot about money while dancing for tips. “When I started becoming popular, I used to say, ‘I want y’all to throw me money. Don’t even talk to me if y’all not throwing me some money,’” she said. “Then when they started seeing me, it was like, ‘Here I know you want some money so let me throw it at you.’ You just gotta ask.” (Last month video footage surfaced on Instagram in which Cardi said that she drugged and robbed men while working as a stripper. In a statement, the rapper said, “I'm a part of a hip-hop culture where you can talk about where you come from, talk about the wrong things you had to do to get where you are.”)Listen to your momAfter having a daughter, Kulture, last year with her husband, Offset, Cardi feels even more driven to make money. “I can never be comfortable,” she said. Motherhood brings up thoughts of her own mother, who always told her to have children only if she could afford to take care of them on her own. “I used to think my mom was paranoid. But as you get older you understand what your mom be talking to you about,” she said. “I always dated guys that had money. But I didn’t have the money. What happens if we separate? I don’t want to be asking you for stuff — no, that’s not my style.”Don’t get distracted by social mediaCardi would rather see you using influencers as inspiration for how to get money rather than distraction from making it. “These bloggers making mad money from y’all watching,” she said. “Watch their recipe.” Live within your meansCardi said the lavish lives rappers portray aren’t realistic. Flying private, for example, is at best an excess. But sometimes, to avoid the drama of airports now that she has Kulture, it’s unavoidable. “It’s a write-off sometimes, but you gotta prove all day that it’s a write-off,” she said. “And even if it is, that’s money you could've had.”Hustle for a future, but don’t be ashamed of your pastCardi said that people criticize her for her past work as a stripper. She should have gone to college, they say. She is candid though about the everyday expenses of higher education — like transportation, housing and food — that made community college unaffordable for her. “You cannot even get a room in New York City if you got a job that pays you $300 a week,” she said. She advises that if you’re working and hustling, do it with the future in mind. Know where your tax money is goingCardi B is passionate about taxes but understands why not everyone shares her opinion. If she makes $15 million, for example, she told Ms. Mahdara, $8 or 9 million is going to the government. “Then you be like, ‘Damn, I gave all this money to Uncle Sam, and there’s still potholes in my street.’” And besides, health care and college aren’t free, she said. It’s part of why she talks about politics so much to her fans. “I keep educating,” she said. “I try to elevate.”Pilots from several airlines met with Boeing executives in Renton, Wash., on Saturday to discuss proposed changes to 737 Max jets, two of which have crashed in recent months.The meeting on Saturday, with about a dozen pilots and trainers, was part of Boeing’s effort to manage the crisis set off by the crash of Lion Air Flight 610 in October and the crash of Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302 under similar circumstances this month. Boeing and people briefed on the meeting confirmed it.In addition to reviewing proposed modifications to new anti-stall software and cockpit displays, pilots from five airlines strapped into flight simulators to see how they would have handled the situation that is believed to have brought down Lion Air Flight 610 in Indonesia, according to two people briefed on the meeting.In each case, the pilots using the simulators were able to land the plane safely.Saturday’s session included representatives from American Airlines, Southwest Airlines and United Airlines — the three American carriers that fly the Max — as well as from two non-U.S. airlines, Copa Airlines and Fly Dubai. The group did not include representatives from Ethiopian Airlines, Lion Air or the large Chinese carriers that fly the 737 Max.On Wednesday in Renton, where the 737 Max is assembled, Boeing will host a group of 200 pilots and officials from almost all the carriers that currently fly the Max or have ordered the jets. As on Saturday, Boeing plans to describe the proposed changes to the software, and review what new training procedures may be needed before airlines can once again fly the Max, which is grounded worldwide.“This is part of our ongoing effort to share more details about our plan for supporting the safe return of the 737 Max to commercial service,” Boeing said in a statement. “We had a productive session this past Saturday and plan to reach all current and many future Max operators and their home regulators.”While Boeing continues to work on a software fix, American Airlines said it would extend its cancellations through April 24. American canceled nearly 90 of its roughly 6,700 flights a day because of the Max grounding.International authorities and domestic regulators including the Federal Aviation Administration will have to sign off before the Max can fly again.On Saturday, pilots from the five airlines simulated flights with the software as it was originally written, as well as with the proposed updates.A leading theory is that the Lion Air flight crashed because the anti-stall software received erroneous data, forcing the plane into a nose-dive. The Ethiopian Airlines flight also crashed after an erratic takeoff.In simulations using the current software, pilots were able to disable the anti-stall software using existing procedures, and land the airplane safely.The simulations using the updated software required less intervention by the pilots.The software, known as MCAS, is designed to push the nose of the plane down if it detects the plane pointing up at a dangerous angle that might induce a stall. To determine when it is needed, the software takes data from two so-called angle of attack sensors on the side of the plane, which measure whether the fuselage is pointing up or down.But when it was originally designed, the software only responded to data from one sensor at a time.Preliminary plans for a proposed update will change the software in several substantial ways, according to the people familiar with the meeting. It will take data from both angle of attack sensors, instead of just one.If the difference between the two sensors is more than 5 degrees, the software will be disabled.Instead of allowing the software to push the nose down multiple times, it will limit the number of instances it can attempt to push the nose down, and limit the duration of that intervention to 10 seconds.On Sunday, Boeing also issued a statement on the equipment used to measure and display the plane’s angle of attack.The New York Times reported on Thursday, that two of these indicators were sold as options.Boeing previously charged extra for two features in the cockpit: the angle of attack indicator, which showed pilots the readings from the angle of attack sensors; and the disagree light, which notified pilots if the readings from the two sensors were at odds with one another.Boeing will now make the disagree light standard in all new 737 Max planes, and will provide the indicator free of charge for customers who want it.“All primary flight information required to safely and efficiently operate the 737 Max is included on the baseline primary flight display,” Boeing said. “All 737 Max airplanes display this data in a way that is consistent with pilot training and the fundamental instrument scan pattern that pilots are trained to use.”The F.A.A. does not currently require pilots to to train on simulators that replicate all the features of the Max, and may not change that stance. But it is possible that even if the F.A.A. does not require simulator training, other international regulators may do so.“We’ve been working diligently and in close cooperation with the F.A.A. on the software update,” Boeing said in its statement. “We are taking a comprehensive and careful approach to design, develop and test the software that will ultimately lead to certification.”EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — Lisa Kerney once earned her living hosting “SportsCenter” on ESPN, making her a nightly fixture in the vast American conversation between sports fans and their favorite athletes, teams and leagues. Her latest endeavor, she believes, is just as all-American.Every Saturday, Kerney slips into the anchor’s chair of a very different kind of television program: a sports betting show from a makeshift studio at the Meadowlands Racetrack. Instead of reporting just scores and news, Kerney now also rattles off N.F.L. point spreads and money-line odds as easily as a CNBC host talks stock prices and P/E ratios.She will be on the air again this Sunday, serving up information on the New England Patriots and the Los Angeles Rams in the hours before Super Bowl LIII. The game will take its place in American gambling history because, for the first time, bettors will be allowed to wager on the N.F.L.’s championship game legally, not only in Nevada but also in seven other states.By next year, gambling may be legal in more than a dozen more states, a shift that is already moving betting on games into the mainstream of American culture and teaching fans to look at the sports contests they love as investment opportunities as well as entertainment.“Now fans are able to play the game within the game,” Kerney said. “It goes beyond the nuts and bolts of who’s going to win. It is a whole new way of experiencing sports.”Last May, when the Supreme Court struck down a federal law that prohibited expanded sports gambling, it created — almost overnight — a billion-dollar market that bookmakers, media companies, tech entrepreneurs, touts and quants have rushed in to dominate.On the high end, that has meant sports shows that incorporate into their coverage market-moving information like injury reports and their effect on bettors. But it also means digital subscription services that make a tsunami of sports data available, and app makers eager to help bettors slice it.On the retail front, the innovations have been more basic: how-to-bet sports camps, cable shows that explain the difference between a proposition and parlay bets, and Nevada-based tout services — which for decades have picked winners for a price — that have suddenly refashioned themselves into media companies.“If you have a way to make betting more fun, or to otherwise increase consumer investment in betting, the market needs you,” said Chris Grove, a managing director at Eilers & Krejcik Gaming, an independent research firm. “If you have a way to salve any of the pain points for consumers in the regulated sports betting — the learning curve, hassles with payments, ensuring that you’re getting the price — then the market absolutely needs you.”As sports betting and bills are being shepherded through legislatures in at least 15 other states, the early returns show there is plenty of opportunity in what is a familiar but nascent industry. In New Jersey, for example, sportsbooks at Meadowlands Racetrack and their online counterparts have handled more than $1.2 billion in wagers since the market was born in mid-June, despite having only three brick-and-mortar outlets in the early going and no availability for online wagering until August. If retail and online wagering were to become accessible in all 50 states, Eilers & Krejcik predicted, sports betting in America could become a $16 billion industry.Figures from regulators in Mississippi and Rhode Island also show an upward trend. New Jersey is on pace to surpass Nevada in sports wagering. And though market oversaturation could eventually slow or halt the industry’s rapid growth, that is not a pressing concern.Legalized sports betting has already changed the way some fans consume sports. This month, NBC Sports Washington Plus, a regional sports network, offered an alternate telecast of several Washington Wizards games, starting with one against the Milwaukee Bucks, that looked like a cross between CNBC and ESPNews. Unlike most N.B.A. telecasts, the productions included statistics, odds and point spreads alongside the live action. It was a preview of what game telecasts may look like in a mature sports betting landscape.In two years, the Las Vegas-based Vegas Stats & Information Network (VSiN) has grown from a start-up streaming service with 1.4 million visitors to 12.6 million visitors a month — across video and audio streams like Sirius XM and fuboTV — seeking “actionable information” delivered by a roster of Las Vegas bookmakers and professional gamblers, including the longtime CBS broadcaster Brent Musburger.The Super Bowl, though, has been an integral part of America’s sporting fabric and a highlight of the betting year since long before the Supreme Court’s ruling last year made it legal in more jurisdictions.Last year, for example, $159 million was bet on the Super Bowl legally in Nevada, a respectable take for any business but one that paled in comparison to the estimates of the amount — as high as $4.6 billion — wagered on the game illegally. This year, with eight states now offering legal sports betting, projections for wagering on Sunday’s Super Bowl LIII have risen to more than $325 million, according to PlayUSA, which monitors the legal sports market. That haul is expected to soar as more states bring betting on games out of the realm of corner-bar bookies and offshore operators and onto their tax rolls.At the same time, the popularity of fantasy sports and the growing amounts of easily accessible data and analytics have not merely hastened the acceptance of sports betting: They have transformed the nature of fandom.“This is a generational thing, and what we’ve seen is a perfect storm develop over the last 20 years, with a boom in fantasy sports, the interest in ‘moneyball’ and the democracy of information through technology,” said Chad Millman, the chief content officer at The Action Network, a subscriber-based media company. “It’s meant that fans have become more opportunistic about their fandom. They think about winning individually, not about rooting for a team.”The Action Network runs a website and an app offering data, research and betting tools, as well as general coverage of sports and the nuances of cashing in on them. It also produces a betting show — called “I’ll Take That Bet” — for ESPN+, the sports broadcaster’s new streaming platform.Millman would not say how many subscribers the Action Network has in its first year, but since April, he said, users of the company’s app have logged 13 million bets, and the circulation of the Action Network’s email newsletter has grown nearly tenfold, to 240,000.“In general, sports fans want to be smarter than their friends,” Millman said. “As sports betting becomes more and more part of the conversation, people are trying to figure out what the language of it is.”For now at least, there is a difference between a general sports audience and sports betting audience, a gap Kerney, the former “SportsCenter” anchor, is trying to navigate on her show, created by the bookmaker FanDuel, from the Meadowlands.“Most sports bettors will notice every second on or off the clock, every yard, every pitch, every shot, because any of these can ultimately affect their bets,” said Kevin Grigsby, the show’s executive producer. “So your story, programming, messaging needs narrative that caters to both cohorts.”Kerney and Grigsby’s bosses at FanDuel are making a big bet that they can close that gap quickly. FanDuel is owned by the European bookmakers Paddy Power, as is TVG, the cable network that is home to Kerney’s show. TVG reaches 40 million homes and gives horseplayers wall-to-wall coverage of races that they can bet on through a proprietary website or app. As sports betting expands, TVG is poised to also expand programming like Kerney’s show. FanDuel already takes bets on all sports.With a more than half-century head start on legalized betting, European bookmakers handled more than $13 billion in wagers in 2018, according to Eilers & Krejcik. That is a number Paddy Power and other bookmakers expect the United States market to surpass in as few as five to seven years.“The biggest advantage we have right now is that the leagues, the networks, or me and you don’t have to pretend anymore that there are not hundreds of millions of dollars bet every day on the games we follow,” Kerney said. “We are here to educate and inform but also to become an authority in this space. If we do our jobs, we believe people who follow us will make money.”Last month, the YouTube star Shane Dawson uploaded his new project: a 104-minute documentary, “Conspiracy Theories With Shane Dawson.”In the video, set to a spooky instrumental soundtrack, Mr. Dawson unspooled a series of far-fetched hypotheses. Among them: that iPhones secretly record their owners’ every utterance; that popular children’s TV shows contain subliminal messages urging children to commit suicide; that the recent string of deadly wildfires in California was set on purpose, either by homeowners looking to collect insurance money or by the military using a type of high-powered laser called a “directed energy weapon.”None of this was fact-based, of course, and some of the theories seemed more like jokey urban legends than serious accusations. Still, his fans ate it up. The video has gotten more than 30 million views, a hit even by Mr. Dawson’s standards. A follow-up has drawn more than 20 million views and started a public feud with Chuck E. Cheese’s, the restaurant chain, which was forced to deny claims that it recycles customers’ uneaten pizza slices into new pizzas.Mr. Dawson’s conspiracy series arrived at a particularly awkward moment for YouTube, which has been reckoning with the vast troves of misinformation and extreme content on its platform.In late January, the company announced that it was changing its recommendations algorithm to reduce the spread of “borderline content and content that could misinform users in harmful ways.” It cited, as examples, “videos promoting a phony miracle cure for a serious illness, claiming the earth is flat or making blatantly false claims about historic events like 9/11.”Mr. Dawson, whose real name is Shane Lee Yaw, has more than 20 million subscribers and a devoted teenage fan base. He has built his lucrative career by, among other talents, understanding what kinds of content plays well on YouTube.For years, that meant conspiracy theories — lots and lots of them, all delivered with the same wide-eyed credulity. In a 2016 video, he wondered aloud if the first Apollo moon landing was staged by NASA. (“It’s a theory,” he said, “but, I mean, all the evidence is not looking good.”) In 2017, he discussed the false theory that the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, were a hoax. (“I know it’s crazy,” he said, “but just look at some of these videos.”) And last year, he devoted a segment of a video to flat-earth theory, which he concluded “kind of makes sense.”In fairness, Mr. Dawson is a far cry from partisan cranks like Alex Jones, the Infowars founder, who was barred by YouTube and other social networks last year for hate speech. Most of Mr. Dawson’s videos have nothing to do with conspiracies, and many are harmless entertainment.But the popularity of Mr. Dawson’s conspiracy theories illuminates the challenge YouTube faces in cleaning up misinformation. On Facebook, Twitter and other social platforms, the biggest influencers largely got famous somewhere else (politics, TV, sports) and have other vectors of accountability. But YouTube’s stars are primarily homegrown, and many feel — not entirely unreasonably — that after years of encouraging them to build their audiences with viral stunts and baseless rumor-mongering, the platform is now changing the rules on them.Innocent or not, Mr. Dawson’s videos contain precisely the type of viral misinformation that YouTube now says it wants to limit. And its effort raises an uncomfortable question: What if stemming the tide of misinformation on YouTube means punishing some of the platform’s biggest stars?A representative for Mr. Dawson did not respond to a request for comment. A YouTube spokeswoman, Andrea Faville, said: “We recently announced that we’ve started reducing recommendations of borderline content or videos that could misinform users in harmful ways. This is a gradual change and will get more and more accurate over time.”Part of the problem for platforms like YouTube and Facebook — which has also pledged to clean up misinformation that could lead to real-world harm — is that the definition of “harmful” misinformation is circular. There is no inherent reason that a video questioning the official 9/11 narrative is more dangerous than a video asserting the existence of U.F.O.s or Bigfoot. A conspiracy theory is harmful if it results in harm — at which point it’s often too late for platforms to act.Take, for example, Mr. Jones’s assertion that the mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in 2012 was a hoax perpetrated by gun control advocates. That theory, first dismissed as outrageous and loony, took on new gravity after Mr. Jones’s supporters began harassing the grieving parents of victims.Or take Pizzagate, a right-wing conspiracy theory that alleged that Hillary Clinton and other Democrats were secretly running a child-sex ring. The theory, which was spread in a variety of videos on YouTube and other platforms, might have remained an internet oddity. But it became a menace when a believer showed up at a pizza restaurant in Washington, D.C., with an assault rifle, vowing to save the children he believed were locked in the basement.To its credit, YouTube has taken some minor steps to curb misinformation. Last year, it began appending Wikipedia blurbs to videos espousing certain conspiracy theories, and changed the way it handles search results for breaking news stories so that reliable sources are given priority over opportunistic partisans. And last summer, it was among the many social networks to bar Mr. Jones and Infowars.In a multipart Twitter thread this month, Guillaume Chaslot, a former YouTube software engineer, called the company’s decision to change its recommendation algorithm a “historic victory.”Mr. Chaslot noted that this algorithm — which was once trained to maximize the amount of time users spend on the site — often targeted vulnerable users by steering them toward other conspiracy theory videos it predicts they will watch.The change “will save thousands from falling into such rabbit holes,” he wrote.In an interview last week, Mr. Chaslot was more circumspect, saying YouTube’s move may have amounted to a “P.R. stunt.” Because the change will affect only which videos YouTube recommends — conspiracy theories will still show up in search results, and they will still be freely available to people who subscribe to the channels of popular conspiracy theorists — he called it a positive but insufficient step.“It will address only a tiny fraction of conspiracy theories,” he said.Last year, Mr. Chaslot built a website, AlgoTransparency.org, to give outsiders a glimpse of YouTube’s recommendation algorithms at work. The site draws from a list of more than 1,000 popular YouTube channels, and calculates which videos are most often recommended to people who watch those channels’ videos.On many days, conspiracy theories and viral hoaxes top the list. One recent day, the most frequently recommended video was “This Man Saw Something at Area 51 That Left Him Totally Speechless!,” which was recommended to viewers of 138 channels. The second most recommended video, which linked a series of recent natural disasters to apocalyptic prophecies from the Book of Revelation, was recommended to viewers of 126 of those top channels.In our conversation, Mr. Chaslot suggested one possible solution to YouTube’s misinformation epidemic: new regulation.Lawmakers, he said, could amend Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act — the law that prevents platforms like YouTube, Facebook and Twitter from being held legally liable for content posted by their users. The law now shields internet platforms from liability for all user-generated content they host, as well as the algorithmic recommendations they make. A revised law could cover only the content and leave platforms on the hook for their recommendations.“Right now, they just don’t have incentive to do the right thing,” Mr. Chaslot said. “But if you pass legislation that says that after recommending something 1,000 times, the platform is liable for this content, I guarantee the problem will be solved very fast.”But even new laws governing algorithmic recommendations wouldn’t reverse the influence of YouTube celebrities like Mr. Dawson. After all, many of his millions of views come from his fans, who subscribe to his channel and seek out his videos proactively.YouTube’s first challenge will be defining which of these videos constitute “harmful” misinformation, and which are innocent entertainment meant for an audience that is largely in on the joke.But there is a thornier problem here. Many young people have absorbed a YouTube-centric worldview, including rejecting mainstream information sources in favor of platform-native creators bearing “secret histories” and faux-authoritative explanations.When those creators propagate hoaxes and conspiracy theories as part of a financially motivated growth strategy, it seeps in with some percentage of their audience. And sometimes — in ways no algorithm could predict — it leads viewers to a much darker place.It’s possible that YouTube can still beat back the flood of conspiracy theories coursing through its servers. But doing it will require acknowledging how deep these problems run and realizing that any successful effort may look less like a simple algorithm tweak, and more like deprogramming a generation.Alan B. Krueger, who advised two presidents and helped lead economics toward a more scientific approach to research and policymaking, was found dead on Saturday at his home in Princeton, N.J. He was 58.The cause was suicide, according to a statement by his family released by Princeton University, where Mr. Krueger taught for more than three decades. The Princeton police said they were called to the home on Saturday morning and found Mr. Krueger unresponsive.Mr. Krueger was an assistant secretary of the Treasury from 2009 to 2010, as President Barack Obama’s administration tried to lead the United States out of its worst recession since the Great Depression. Mr. Obama later named him chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, a post he held from 2011 to 2013. He was the Labor Department’s chief economist under President Bill Clinton from 1994 to 1995.A labor economist by training, Mr. Krueger was part of a new wave of economists who pushed the field toward a more empirical mind-set, with an emphasis on data rather than theory. He applied that approach broadly: to education, health care, labor markets and terrorism, and even to more lighthearted subjects like the rising price of concert tickets. His latest book, due out in June, is on the economics of the music industry.“He is certainly among the most — if not the most — significant labor economists and all-around empirical economists of the last three decades,” said Lawrence Katz, a Harvard economist and frequent collaborator. Mr. Krueger, he said, was one of a handful of researchers who “really changed the shape of economics and turned it into a more serious science.”Mr. Krueger was perhaps best known for his work in the early 1990s on the effects of the minimum wage, in collaboration with Mr. Katz and another economist, David Card. Standard economic thinking at the time held that raising the minimum wage would reduce employment for low-wage workers; Mr. Katz said that he and Mr. Krueger had expected to find the same. Instead, they discovered no impact on employment — a finding that has proved influential though it remains in dispute.“Even when people were saying you’re crazy as an economist, he was really willing to let the data lead where it went,” Mr. Katz said.Mr. Krueger was a young, newly tenured professor in 1994 when he was tapped by the secretary of labor, Robert B. Reich, to serve as chief economist for the department, succeeding Mr. Katz. After two years in the job, Mr. Krueger returned to Princeton and vowed never to return to government, according to a 2014 profile in a Princeton alumni magazine.But in late 2008, Mr. Krueger got a call from Timothy F. Geithner, Mr. Obama’s pick for Treasury secretary. As Mr. Krueger recalled, Mr. Geithner said: “The economy’s in a free fall. Why don’t you come to Treasury and work on big, consequential things?”“That was his line,” Mr. Krueger said. “And I couldn’t say no.”Mr. Krueger spent two years at Treasury as chief economist and assistant secretary for economic policy. Then, after a brief return to Princeton, he went back to Washington as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, where he pushed the administration to focus on issues of inequality and economic opportunity.At the White House, he developed and popularized the “Great Gatsby curve,” the notion that countries with greater inequality had lower economic mobility from generation to generation.In a statement on Monday, Mr. Obama praised Mr. Krueger as “someone who was deeper than numbers on a screen or charts on a page.”“He had a perpetual smile and a gentle spirit — even when he was correcting you,” Mr. Obama said.Alan Bennett Krueger was born on Sept. 17, 1960, and grew up in Livingston, N.J., less than 50 miles from the university where he would make his professional home. His father, Norman, was an accountant; his mother, Rhoda, taught first grade.Mr. Krueger attended Cornell University intending to become a lawyer. But while analyzing data for an undergraduate research paper, he found that he enjoyed empirical work. After graduating from Cornell in 1983, he pursued a degree in economics at Harvard University, where he earned a Ph.D. in 1987.Mr. Krueger arrived at Princeton in 1987 as an empirical revolution was dawning in the economics profession. He quickly made his own contribution, helping to found a survey research center there at a time when relatively few economists were conducting their own surveys. He pioneered the use of so-called natural experiments to study the effects of government policies.“It was the ability to be both interesting and credible — that was his great gift,” said Lawrence H. Summers, who taught Mr. Krueger at Harvard and later worked with him in the Obama administration. “That’s part of why there’ve been generations of people doing natural experiments.”Mr. Krueger’s more recent work focused on the structural reasons particular groups have struggled in the modern economy. He studied the effects of long-term unemployment in the wake of the recession, and how the opioid epidemic has pushed some workers, particularly men, out of the labor force.He also helped bring attention to companies’ use of noncompete agreements with employees as a means of holding down wages, and to occupational licensing rules as an obstacle to workers seeking better-paying careers. He proposed new rules to protect workers in the so-called gig economy, and just last week delivered a lecture at Stanford University on proposals for a universal basic income.“Economics is a social science, and Alan was someone who was really interested in the social part of it as well as the science part of it,” said Betsey Stevenson, a University of Michigan economist. “He wanted to understand how people were doing, how people were feeling.”Jason Furman, a Harvard economist who worked with Mr. Krueger on the Obama economic team and succeeded him as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, said Mr. Krueger had been the rare economist who was outstanding at both research and public policy. He sometimes combined the two, to persuasive effect.In the midst of the Great Recession, Mr. Obama was weighing whether to propose a tax credit for companies that hired new workers, though he was skeptical of the idea, Mr. Furman said, because several businesses had told him that it would not sway their hiring decisions.Mr. Krueger, instead of doing a survey of research on such tax credits, used Princeton’s survey group to poll small businesses on questions relating to job creation. He then used the results to argue that the credit would subsidize job creation in a cost-effective way — even if many businesses ignored it.“I don’t think Alan knew the answer before he did the survey,” Mr. Furman said. “He found out the answer from the survey. He didn’t content himself with what was out there in the literature already.”Mr. Obama wound up embracing the proposal but could not get it through Congress.Mr. Krueger served in Democratic administrations, and his research tended to support liberal causes. But Ms. Stevenson noted that his work on occupational licensing had been influential among conservatives as well. And he was willing to reach conclusions that did not align with his policy preferences; in one such instance, his research found that poverty did not cause terrorism.His survivors include his wife, Lisa Simon Krueger, and his children, Ben and Sydney. A complete list of survivors was not immediately available.Mr. Krueger was a contributor to the Economic Scene column and the Economix blog in The New York Times.Colleagues at Princeton recalled Mr. Krueger as having a nearly boundless curiosity. Mr. Card, a frequent collaborator early in their careers, said Mr. Krueger used to pore through code books of survey questions looking for potential research questions.“He had headlights that went a lot further in the dark than anybody else,” Mr. Card said.Donald J. Trump’s highly personal management style as a businessman — impetuous, impolitic, sometimes immature — worked. At the very least, it wasn’t publicly discredited very often.Mr. Trump ran his own private company. It was small and largely hidden from the prying eyes of shareholders and government regulators. He was surrounded by longtime loyalists and family members. His main public exposure unfolded in staged settings, on softball talk shows or his own reality-TV show.Now President Trump is running a much larger enterprise. Two years into the Trump administration, it’s increasingly apparent that while the management traits he developed in the private sector may have propelled him into the White House, they’re not serving him well now that he’s there.As Doris Kearns Goodwin, the presidential historian and author of the recent book “Leadership: In Turbulent Times,” told me this week, Mr. Trump manifestly lacks a long list of traits associated with effective leadership: “humility, acknowledging errors, shouldering blame and learning from mistakes, empathy, resilience, collaboration, connecting with people and controlling unproductive emotions.”The last of these was on display this week, when Mr. Trump stormed out of a negotiating session with Democratic leaders and denounced the meeting in a tweet as “a total waste of time.”The consequences are also becoming apparent: With the government shut down over Mr. Trump’s demand for funding a border wall, the loss of a Republican majority in the House of Representatives and scant legislative achievements beyond the 2017 tax cut, his presidency is emerging as a case study in how not to govern.“With a modicum of management skill he could have gotten his wall, and he would probably be on the path to re-election,” said Jeffrey Pfeffer, professor of organizational behavior at the Stanford Graduate School of Business. “But he has very few accomplishments to his credit.”That’s not to say Mr. Trump hasn’t displayed some effective management techniques, albeit ones that are rarely discussed in America’s business schools.As Mr. Pfeffer told me this week, Mr. Trump exhibits several qualities that are prevalent among many leaders, including narcissism and dishonesty.“We claim we want nice people, but we don’t,” Mr. Pfeffer said. “Studies show that people want to associate with people who win.”“I’ve always won, and I’m going to continue to win,” Mr. Trump reportedly said in 2016.And Mr. Pfeffer noted that the “reality distortion field” that Mr. Trump deploys — ignoring the truth and creating an alternate set of facts — was once associated with the Apple founder Steve Jobs and remains prevalent in Silicon Valley and among entrepreneurial start-ups.Paul Glatzhofer, director of talent solutions at the consulting firm PSI International, agreed that Mr. Trump displayed some positive qualities of effective leadership, such as decisiveness, setting ambitious goals and self-confidence. “You may not like the idea of a wall, but it’s an ambitious goal,” Mr. Glatzhofer said.Nonetheless, he cautioned that the president’s other, negative traits could far outweigh any positives. “When we assess senior leadership, it doesn’t matter how many strengths they have if they also have these flaws that can derail their careers,” he said.Mr. Trump also gets credit for being himself, especially from passionate members of his base. “A quality he seems to have is that he doesn’t care what other people think,” Mr. Pfeffer said. “Not many of us are like that. But there’s a certain power in violating conventional norms.”These qualities helped Mr. Trump win in 2016, but they haven’t translated into effective governance, at least not yet. “People often equate the success of an individual with the success of an organization, but they’re not highly correlated,” Mr. Pfeffer said.Mr. Trump was able to assemble a relatively stable and loyal team of people who worked for him for years when he ran his private business. His failure to do so at the White House — save for a couple of survivors including Kellyanne Conway and family members like Jared Kushner — may be his most perplexing and conspicuous management failure.In the first year of Mr. Trump’s presidency, one-third of his top White House appointees left — unprecedented for the country’s chief executive. For the top dozen appointees, the rate was 50 percent. This past year with still more churn, the total turnover rate hit 83 percent, according to the Brookings Institution, which is tracking personnel moves at the White House. No other president has come close in his first two years.The only survivors among the top 12 White House appointees are Bill McGinley, a low-profile adviser and the cabinet secretary, and Kevin Hassett, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers.“He’s an extreme case,” Mr. Pfeffer said. “He’s never really had to moderate his behavior or compromise or answer to a real boss. In the real world, you can’t just fire everybody.”Kathryn Dunn Tenpas, senior research fellow at Brookings and author of the staff turnover study, said, “The turmoil inhibits his ability to complete his campaign promises.”She added: “It creates an environment of anxiety and chaos. The stress and long hours are bad enough under normal circumstances.”And the unceremonious way in which Mr. Trump has pushed people out is likely to deter job candidates. Ms. Tenpas cited the failure to find a permanent successor to Mr. Kelly as chief of staff, a position “that in any other administration people would be jumping up and down for.”There are three things Marc Martel says he won’t do to impersonate Freddie Mercury. He won’t wear Mercury’s trademark yellow jacket. He won’t go onstage wielding Mercury’s favored half microphone stand. And he won’t grow a full mustache.Here’s the one thing Martel needs to do: open his mouth. Through genetics and musical aptitude, the 42-year-old singer is a vocal doppelgänger for the Queen frontman. That’s a gift that has led Martel, formerly the leader of a Christian band in Canada, to a lucrative second career in recent years — and a prominent but invisible role in “Bohemian Rhapsody,” the hit biopic nominated for five Academy Awards at the Oscars on Sunday. It’s not the life Martel planned, but it’s landed him on “American Idol” and in front of crowds of thousands worldwide. “I keep realizing how weird a situation I’m in,” Martel said in a phone interview. “I’m trying to keep a good head about it.”Rami Malek embodies Mercury onscreen, but as he told The New York Times last year, “No one wants to hear me sing.” During the performance sequences in “Bohemian Rhapsody,” the movie sometimes employs Mercury’s actual vocals from the Queen archives, but that wasn’t always practical — some scenes demanded a stunt vocal-cord performer.[Relive one of Freddie Mercury’s great moments: when Queen took “Bohemian Rhapsody” to Live Aid.]The film’s creators have conceded that the sung vocals in the movie are largely by Mercury and Martel, although they haven’t broken down the specifics of who contributed what; doing so might distract from Malek’s performance. Martel, who received a fleeting “additional vocals” billing, acknowledged that he worked on the movie, but citing his nondisclosure agreement, would not go into detail. That leaves him with a ghostly status much like that of Marni Nixon, who provided the singing voices both of Maria in the movie of “West Side Story” (for Natalie Wood) and Eliza in the movie of “My Fair Lady” (for Audrey Hepburn), without credit.Even though Martel doesn’t get the awards-show glamour that Malek is enjoying, he’s proud of his contributions to “Bohemian Rhapsody.” The first time he saw it wasn’t at a red-carpet event: He caught it in Cool Springs, Tenn., with his wife and manager, wearing “our comfy clothes.” He had wanted to enjoy the movie as a spectator, but “I couldn’t help waiting for the next scene where I was going to hear my own voice,” he said. So the Martels bought out a movie theater showing, invited 80 of their closest friends and treated it like a party.Martel grew up in Montreal listening to pop (George Michael was a favorite) and Christian music (his parents worked at a church as pastor and choir director). All he knew of Queen was the scene in the 1992 comedy “Wayne’s World” where the characters rock out to “Bohemian Rhapsody” in an AMC Pacer.He started a Christian rock band called Downhere with some friends in college; in 2001, they signed a record deal and moved to Nashville. He believes that the first person to tell him he sounded like Freddie Mercury was the Downhere bassist Glenn Lavender. It was a compliment, given how Mercury was one of the great singers in rock history, possessing a pellucid tone, a three-octave range and an operatic quality that could make even paeans to bicycle riding sound emotional. But Martel didn’t initially take it as praise.“That’s cool — I sound unoriginal,” he recalled thinking. But he checked out Queen’s greatest hits, hoping to learn something from Mercury (who died in 1991 of AIDS-related pneumonia): “I never thought it would amount to anything more than a fun karaoke trick.”In 2011, however, with Downhere having run its course after seven studio albums, Martel heard that the Queen drummer Roger Taylor was putting together an authorized tribute band called the Queen Extravaganza and won a spot on vocals with an audition video of “Somebody to Love” that went viral.Martel sounds close enough to Mercury that he can itemize the subtle differences: “I’m not British, so I don’t usually sing with an accent. I don’t have extra teeth like he did, so my Ss come out normally — his were very piercing,” he said. “But even if I don’t try to sing like Freddie Mercury, people still hear him in my voice, no matter what I do. I have this weird unique thing where I can sound like him, so why wouldn’t I?”Martel now steadily tours with his own Ultimate Queen Celebration and also does shows with the Black Jacket Symphony and Symphonic Queen. He said the Queen catalog has made him a better singer and inspired him to take better care of his voice — while he felt comfortable backing off a high note in one of his own songs when necessary, he doesn’t like to disappoint Queen fans who expect to hear a song the way they know it from the radio.Last year he released an album of Queen covers, “Thunderbolt & Lightning,” and his YouTube covers of Queen classics have become popular enough that he finds himself recognized in public — especially outside the United States, which was never the band’s biggest market. Martel, who has concerts booked in 14 countries this year, from Ukraine to New Zealand, notes that American crowds generally don’t know the arm movements and clapping that traditionally accompany “Radio Ga Ga,” while international audiences will do it unprompted.Although Queen has been a part of his life for nearly a decade, Martel is still figuring out “what being a tribute artist means,” he said. “For some reason, there’s a stigma around it.” A little defensively, he cited Frank Sinatra, Elvis Presley and classical musicians as interpreters of other people’s work. Martel records an annual Christmas EP and still writes songs, but he doesn’t currently have an outlet for them; he dreams of a day when he can throw just one original into a set of Queen covers.He recalled a recent conversation with his manager, who told him, “I’d like you to consider your songwriting the way I view my golf game — I love playing golf, but it’s not what’s paying the bills right now.” That was hard for Martel to hear, but he ultimately accepted its wisdom.“The next five years, there’s going to be a lot of Queen,” he said, and chuckled. “But at the same time, I’m going to work on my golf game.”The cover of Gossamer’s debut issue features a mouthwatering image of orange juice being poured into a glass dotted with beads of condensation. Inside there’s an article about books as home décor status items, a Q. and A. with the writer and director Janicza Bravo, and a fashion spread featuring the clothing lines of Rosetta Getty and Gabriela Hearst. The magazine’s tag line and de facto motto, “High Quality,” is opaque enough to not raise any red flags to narcs, but also serves as a winking reference to its connective thread and defining subject matter.Marijuana.In Broccoli’s fourth and most recent issue, between advertisements for the cannabis body care brand Apothecanna and the weed delivery service Eaze, there’s a profile of the women who founded an “ungendered skatewear” brand and an advice column from Emily Post concerning how to “tactfully talk about weed.”And at Miss Grass you’ll find a recipe for cucumber, tomato and CBD salad; a three-step how-to on rolling the perfect joint; and a guide to Los Angeles’s best cannabis-friendly attractions. Miss Grass’s slogan? “Welcome to the high road.”“We wanted to create something that reflected how we engage with cannabis on a daily or weekly or monthly basis in our personal lives,” said Verena von Pfetten, who, along with David Weiner, started Gossamer magazine last year. “Everyone uses it for a different reason: to relax, to sleep, to have fun, to go out to dinner or on a hike. It’s about the experience you do after. It was important for us to create a lifestyle publication that sat between cannabis and all the other interests of the consumer.”Anja Charbonneau, the founder and creative director of Broccoli, and formerly of the hipster lifestyle bible Kinfolk, felt similarly. “There’s this huge swath of people who use marijuana in a considered way, it’s not their life’s focus,” she said. “Because it can touch so many different parts of life, like food, creativity, politics and science, it’s important to situate it in that bigger picture of lifestyle.”Set against a backdrop in which marijuana legalization slowly works its way across the United States, cannabis culture is being reframed thanks, in part, to independently run magazines with modest press runs but impressive coffee-table presence.They are helping the archetype of marijuana smokers as shaggy-haired, bloodshot-eyed burnouts evolve into one of cultured, luxury-designer-wearing members of the creative class. For a certain upper-middle-class demographic, overwhelmingly white, pot has all but been transformed from illicit drug to wellness item or indulgence akin to a fine wine or cigar. A new generation of users are more likely to read Goop than High Times, the stoner bible, and publishers see an exciting opportunity in a marketplace that could reach $23.4 billion in consumer spending and employ a half-million Americans by 2023, according to the cannabis data firm BDS Analytics.Print media is going up in smoke. Could weed, of all things, be its savior?A Budding Industry“We’ve both worked at larger companies,” said Mr. Weiner of Gossamer, referring to himself and Ms. von Pfetten. “But working on something that we could build from the ground up in a growth industry and that speaks to our peers and which people want to spend time with — to me, what else would I be looking for in life, at least at this point?” (He is 33.)Ms. von Pfetten, 35, said: “The cannabis space is obviously popular and buzzy, but it’s nowhere near at capacity. We’re still very much at the nascent stages.”For Kate Miller, the C.E.O. and a founder of Miss Grass, “it’s about building the brand.” Miss Grass launched last year. “Hopefully we’ll have our own product line, do more events, partner with more cannabis and nonendemic brands,” Ms. Miller said. “The big question is how to destigmatize and normalize this industry.”While the market is still small, other titles are seeking to capitalize on its future growth. There’s Dope Girls, a scrappy zine out of Atlanta, and Kitchen Toke, a foodie pot magazine out of Chicago. Online, there’s Estrohaze, which focuses on minority women in the marijuana industry.“Living in Portland and seeing all this creativity that went along with legal weed was really exciting,” said Ms. Charbonneau, who is in Oregon. “While there was a lot of evolution going on, the media side felt pretty stagnant, very industry focused, male dominated. There was nothing for people like me who are casual but dedicated about their cannabis use.”“People have responded to it overwhelmingly,” she said. “A lot of work has been done in just this year in terms of normalization, so now it’s like, how do we continue that narrative?”Au Revoir, Stoner Bro“This is a sign that the stigma around cannabis is starting to disappear,” said Morgan Fox, a spokesman for the National Cannabis Industry Association. “As that stigma has started to erode, we’re starting to see that cannabis consumers come from a wide variety of walks of life.”Mr. Fox, who started working in the field a decade ago, remembers seeing issues of High Times on magazine stands wrapped in plastic and placed near pornographic titles. Today, cannabis magazines are sold at trendy bookstores likes McNally Jackson and the Strand in New York, or offered in-room at hip boutique hotels like the Ace in Los Angeles and Palm Springs.Ms. Miller started her cannabis career while working at a medical marijuana shop in downtown Los Angeles during college. “At the time everything we were selling leaned in to that stoner bro stigma,” she said. “It had giant weed leaves on it and Rastafarian signs.”When it came to her personal use, Ms. Miller saw a stark divide between reality and media representation. “The way that my girlfriends and I were speaking about, consuming and integrating pot into our lives felt so different than how it was portrayed, not only in pop culture, but within cannabis culture,” she said. She had the foresight to buy the web address for Miss Grass at that time, in 2008, not yet knowing how she would put it to use.“There was a demographic that everyone was speaking to that was old and tired, it was these stereotypes and clichés,” Mr. Weiner said. “We felt like a lot of brands and media companies weren’t taking into account the realities of sophisticated consumers and readers and how they act and what they think about or what they desire in the world.”The Politics of Pot PagesStill there are challenges. Marijuana is recreationally legal in only nine states, and medically legal in 31. Because of this legal limbo, there are byzantine rules and regulations regarding how weed can be marketed, including a ban on online advertising. Many cannabis companies, however, are making a lot of money and want to use some for promotion, and perceive that an aspirational lifestyle magazine is the ideal product in which to promote their products (are they high?).“A lot of brands really want to be a part of this evolution of the culture,” Ms. Charbonneau said. “They want to support others who are doing interesting work and lifting up interesting people in the community.”With their playful aesthetics and generally lighthearted stories, these publications may appear blissfully oblivious to certain political realities of the drug. But staffers were careful to indicate to “check their privilege,” to use the lingo of the day.“We always say if you’re not thinking of the social justice aspect of this and you work in cannabis, you’re doing it very very wrong,” Mr. Weiner said. “We wanted to be upfront and thoughtful about the social justice component about cannabis as well, when you think of how many people are allowed to participate and how many people are still in jail for minor cannabis-related offenses.”Ms. Charbonneau said she plans on donating a portion of profits from sales of Broccoli’s fourth issue to the Brooklyn Community Bail Fund, which helps people who are jailed for minor offenses and are unable to pay for bail.“A lot of what we do is about educating consumers on how to use the product, but also educating them on how we got here,” Ms. Miller said. Much of the content of these magazines may be trendy and apolitical, but Ms. Miller noted, as well, the importance of acknowledging the harsher history of pot — namely the “victims of the war on drugs,” she said, most of whom have been minorities.The new magazines, their editors say, also reflect the groups forged by pot smokers in real life.“David talked about going to weddings as the plus-one and you go outside and see people smoking weed and you’ve got a community for the night,” Ms. von Pfetten said. “When we thought about content, it’s like, how do we put people forward?” She mentioned “Conversations,” a feature of monologues with attractive product shots. “These are the types of people you meet and you don’t talk about weed the whole time,” she said. “It comes up peripherally and it’s something you connect on and share your favorite products or experiences, but the person is so much more than that.”Ms. von Pfetten added that she wants Gossamer to be a “global brand” that people who are into cannabis can relate to. “What that looks like? Who knows,” she said. “The industry is literally changing on a month-to-month basis.”BAGHDAD — From financing the expansion of the vast courtyards that lead into the Shiite shrines of the holy city of Najaf, to ensuring that a Tehran-friendly candidate gets the job of interior minister, Iran’s role in Iraq keeps growing.President Hassan Rouhani of Iran arrived in Baghdad on Monday for a visit to a place that his country has shaped in ways big and small over the past several years. Iran was the real winner of last year’s parliamentary elections in Iraq: The parties linked to the paramilitary Popular Mobilization Forces, most of them with ties to Tehran, emerged as the kingmakers.“Iran is a small body with a big brain, and the United States is a big body with a small brain,” said Mahmoud al-Mashhadani, a Sunni Muslim who was a former speaker of the Iraqi Parliament, trying to explain how Iran seemed to have gained the upper hand in Iraq.Adnan al-Zurfi, a Shiite member of the Iraqi Parliament who has lived in the United States, put it succinctly.“There is no American presence in Iraq, only a military presence,” he said. By contrast, Iran has insinuated itself into Iraqi political life and the military, and now seeks to expand economically and culturally, he said.Cementing its dominance in Iraq is a piece with Iran’s regional ambitions, which aim to secure a route to the Mediterranean through friendly countries, in part so it can ship arms and support to Hezbollah in Lebanon, continue assisting President Bashar Assad’s military in Syria and threaten Israel.Now that Iran has expanded the Shiite armed groups into a political force, much as they have done with Hezbollah in Lebanon, Tehran’s new priority is to increase economic ties with Iraq to offset American sanctions.Previewing Mr. Rouhani’s visit, the Iranian ambassador to Iraq, Iraj Masjedi, said on Saturday that Iran “considers Iraq the first destination for Iranian goods” and wants to outstrip Turkey and China as one of Iraq’s top trade partners.He said that there would be 40 trade fairs in Iraq in the coming year and that Mr. Rouhani would discuss plans to extend a railroad from Kermanshah, in Iran, to the Iraqi city of Basra. Iraq and Iran are also set to agree on new visa rules to make it easier for Iranian businessmen to travel to Iraq, the ambassador said.Although Iran already has extensive economic ties in Iraq — it provides natural gas, processed petroleum products and about 20 percent of Iraq’s electricity, as well as some of its fiber optic cables — it wants to expand the relationship. Mr. Rouhani said at a recent news conference that his goal was to see trade with Iraq increase to $20 billion annually, from $12 billion.The push to bolster Iranian trade when the country is under American sanctions leaves Iraq caught in a vise between Washington, whose military and reconnaissance resources it still needs, and Tehran, which has also provided crucial military support. Iraq has a temporary exemption from the sanctions so that it can continue to buy some Iranian products including electric power and natural gas.Iran has also gained leverage over many factions in the Iraqi political system, making it hard for Iraqi politicians to turn away from Iran’s demands, said Joost Hiltermann, the head of the Middle East and North Africa division of the Brussels-based International Crisis Group.“The Iraqis know that Iran is their neighbor, they will always be neighbors,” Mr. Hiltermann said.Although it will be difficult and the United States will push back, the Iraqis will try to accommodate the Iranians’ demands, he said.“They need to keep good relations with Iran and they can’t afford to anger Iran because Iran has a huge spoiling capacity,” Mr. Hiltermann added, referring to Tehran’s ability to use its political and military power to undermine the fragile Iraqi government.Iran is overwhelmingly Shiite Persian, while Iraq is majority Shiite Arab, with a sizable Sunni Arab minority, along with Kurds, Turkmen, and Christians.Recently Iran has made a point of reaching out to Sunni Muslims, a tack it had not taken so actively in the past, in an effort to gain support and to invest itself in Iraq’s heterogenous population.Members of the Iraqi Parliament, including some who are Sunni Muslim, describe a steady stream of invitations to conferences in Tehran, meetings with visiting Iranian officials and attention to Iraq’s concerns.Iran also makes a point of sending senior officials to Iraq on a regular basis to discuss potential business ties. In the past three months, there have been visits by Iran’s foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif; its oil minister; and its energy minister.Iraqis have responded in kind. The president, Barham Salih, went to Tehran to discuss how to continue close economic links despite the American sanctions.Less than a week ago, the speaker of Iraq’s Parliament, Muhammad al-Halbousi, a Sunni, was in Tehran to discuss the two countries’ mutual interests. Iraq’s culture minister, Abdulameer al-Hamdani, was in the Iranian capital recently to discuss collaboration on archaeological projects.But that is little comfort to many Sunnis who fear that when fortunes turn, Iran favors the Shiites. Some Shiites who view themselves as Arab as much as Shiite are also concerned that Tehran is pushing to make Iraq more like Iran.In that line of thinking, although the Iranians have reached out, the effort seems intended more to ensure that Sunnis are also in Iran’s ambit than to be inclusive.Iran “is pulling Iraq away from its Arab homeland and identity,” said Ayatollah Sheikh Fadhil al-Badairi, one of the Iraqi Shiite marja, or religious leadership, in Najaf.And that undermines Iraq’s “special character,” he said, which is Arab and religiously diverse.That does not dim the importance of the role Iran played when the Islamic State overran northern Iraq. The Iranians moved quickly to help Iraq, creating and expanding the paramilitary forces made up of Shiite militias that came to be known as the Popular Mobilization Forces. Those efforts burnished Iran’s status in Iraq.Today, there are more than 20 different paramilitary groups, and although they all come under the umbrella of the Popular Mobilization Forces, they vary in the depth of their ties to Iran.More recently, Iran encouraged the creation of a Sunni version of those forces in Sunni-majority areas of Iraq that were overrun by the Islamic State.Initially, Iran helped provide weapons and training to many of the paramilitary forces, but it did not have the money to field a large new force inside Iraq long term. Now, those forces are funded by the Iraqi government and, technically, are under its control.But some of the paramilitary groups are viewed as all but directly following orders from Iran, making them a parallel armed force that the Iraqi government cannot entirely control. At least two of them, Kata’ib Hezbollah and Harakat Hezbollah al-Nujaba, are labeled foreign terrorist organizations by the State Department.Even in Najaf, the intellectual center of Iraqi Shiism and the home of the country’s most revered ayatollah, Ali al-Sistani, the Iranians have staked out ground. They raised the profile of the representative in Najaf of Iran’s supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, enabling the representative to attract more of a following.Najaf is a center of Shiite studies where senior religious figures have traditionally viewed religion and government as separate realms. In Iranian Shiism, the senior religious leader makes political decisions.Iran now appears to be trying to extend its influence over the Iraqi Shiite religious leaders, according to Ayatollah al-Badairi of the religious leadership in Najaf.“They are attempting to strengthen the influence of the Iranian marjiya and weakening the others,” said Ayatollah al-Badairi, who, like some other Shiite figures, says he has been angered that Iran meddles in Iraqi politics but does not invest in Iraq.What Tehran has principally done is win contracts from Baghdad, meaning that Iranians are getting paid by Iraq rather than investing and creating jobs, said Mr. Zurfi, the Iraqi member of Parliament, who has a similar critique of the Americans.Now Iran is pushing for even more commerce, in large part to buffer itself from the American sanctions that President Trump announced he was reinstating when he pulled out of the Iran nuclear deal, several senior Iraqi politicians said.Since then, the value of Iran’s currency, the rial, has tumbled, hopes for foreign investment have been dashed and the market for Iranian oil drastically cut.“Iran wants Iraq to be a market for Iranian goods,” said Karim al-Nuri, a senior leader in the Badr Organization, one of the oldest of the Shiite paramilitary groups in Iraq. “It has no other way to reduce the impact of the sanctions.”SYDNEY, Australia — Four years ago, Jane Harper was a business reporter at The Herald Sun, a tabloid in Melbourne, Australia. Harper, who is now 38, liked to tell friends that she had “more self-improvement activities than a Victorian spinster,” busying herself with hobbies including sewing, ballroom dancing, tennis and piano lessons. But there was one project Harper didn’t talk about: She was writing a murder mystery inspired by “Gone Girl,” Agatha Christie and all the other thrillers she’d loved reading since childhood.“Is there anything more boring than someone trying to tell you about the novel they’re working on?” Harper asked over lunch recently here in Sydney. She was explaining why she didn’t let on about her manuscript, which she worked on for an hour before and after work each day. A journalist eking out a novel is cliché, but what happened next was so shocking, you’d have to call it a twist.In April 2015, Harper entered pages she’d written over the past six months into the Victorian Premier’s Literary Award for an Unpublished Manuscript. She won, picked up six-figure publishing deals in Australia, the United States and Britain, and went on to sell more than a million copies worldwide of her debut novel, “The Dry.”Two subsequent crime novels — “Force of Nature” and “The Lost Man,” which is about to be released in the United States by Flatiron Books — have sold an additional 600,000 copies. There’s also a movie version of “The Dry” in production, starring Eric Bana and produced by Bruna Papandrea of “Big Little Lies” fame. And a baby, who arrived in between international best sellers. Harper is unfailingly modest, but she did admit that “life has changed so much in the last few years.”“It was stunning,” offered a former colleague, Victoria MacDonald, of her friend winning a major literary award for a manuscript she knew nothing about, and then becoming Australia’s most widely read crime writer. “She didn’t have a smartphone for a really long time” — 2014, Harper later confirmed — “and I remember thinking that the time the rest of us were wiling away on Candy Crush were the moments Jane must have been working on her book.”[Read our reviews of “The Dry,” “Force of Nature” and “The Lost Man.”]Harper outlined her writing process in a TEDx Talk last October called “Creativity in Your Control.” She returns often to the idea that artistic endeavor is made easier — and more enjoyable — with planning. “If you focus on the technical aspects,” she says, neat red corkscrew curls bobbing, “you can build a framework which serves as a base for your creative ideas.”Harper’s TEDx Talk was in part, perhaps, an effort to set the record straight: Much has been made in the news media about a 12-week creative writing course she took in 2014 through an offshoot of the London branch of the literary agency Curtis Brown. Shortly afterward, she produced the manuscript of “The Dry.” When Harper was asked at lunch about the course, it was the one time she seemed anything less than sunny. “I think honestly the impact of that has been overstated,” she said. “I was a journalist for thirteen years. I wrote every single day. I wrote thousands of words a week under pressure.” The course, she said, merely offered her some external accountability.The writing is the “fun part” for Harper, but for several months beforehand, she plots. As her Australian editor Cate Paterson said, every development in a Jane Harper story feels credible. “It’s one of the things that I get annoyed about with other crime writers,” Paterson said. “Some late inclusion, or a new character out of the blue, is the one who did it, but what I find with Jane is that the clues are there all along and she puts them together in a clever way.”Another element that Paterson said elevates Harper’s books from procedurals is an attention to character. At the center of both “The Dry” and “Force of Nature” is Aaron Falk, a Melbourne detective. In “The Dry,” he is forced to confront a dark chapter in his past as he solves a murder in his hometown; in “Force of Nature,” he searches for a missing hiker, lost in the woods outside the city. Falk, at times infuriating in his emotional inhibition, is a particularly compelling creation.ImageCreditPatricia Wall/The New York Times“I want people to think, ‘I know someone like that,’” Harper said. “I figure out what keeps people awake at night and what drives them to get out of bed in the morning, and that involves a lot of details that don’t make it into the books.” Characters’ coffee preferences, for instance: “Aaron Falk is from Melbourne so he’d probably be a flat-white man,” she said, using a term for steamed milk poured over espresso. “And Nathan” — a divorced dad who solves the death of his brother in “The Lost Man” — “he’d be instant coffee, happy to drink it black but with a splash of long-life milk on occasion.” (Harper, whose parents are British and who spent much of her childhood in England, is “more of a tea person.”)Nathan drinks long-life milk in part because he lives hundreds of miles from the nearest town, on a remote cattle station in the northern Australian state of Queensland. Harper leans on the Australian environment in all of her novels. “The Lost Man,” like “The Dry,” is a study in isolation and its psychological and physical effects — particularly on men, who in regional areas of Australia are vulnerable to depression and suicide. “Setting informs plot,” is how Harper put it, when asked about her skill in conjuring up a familiar type of Australian bloke, at once taciturn and tender.Where “The Dry” probed the dangers of prolonged drought on a close-knit farming community, “The Lost Man” is concerned with how people live — and die — in the unforgiving outback. The novel opens in the desert, with the discovery of Nathan’s brother’s body five miles from his four-wheel-drive vehicle and the food, fuel and water in its trunk. What happened to separate Nathan’s brother from his survival kit?“I knew I wanted somewhere hot and far-flung, but with a community of sorts,” Harper said of her choice of location. As part of her planning, she flew to Charleville, some 400 miles west of the Queensland capital of Brisbane, and then drove more than 500 miles further to the tiny town of Birdsville, on the edge of the Simpson Desert. The town’s claim to fame is hitting the highest-ever temperature in Queensland, of 49.5 degrees Celsius (121.1 degrees Fahrenheit). Now it’s the town that served as inspiration for “The Lost Man.”Accompanying Harper on her journey was Neale McShane, the officer in charge of Birdsville Police Station for 10 years, who is now retired. McShane, by himself, once patrolled an area of outback the size of the United Kingdom, with a population of about 250 people.From her training as a journalist, Harper had determined exactly what she needed from the research trip: “I knew how I wanted the story to play out, but I’d left enough flexibility for the things I didn’t have at that stage.” She didn’t know how two-way radios worked, for instance, or what kitchens looked like at cattle stations. Those were the known unknowns. But there were still surprises: “If anything,” she said, “I’d underestimated how dangerous it can be out there, and how quickly things can go wrong.”Reached on the phone from his home in Charleville, McShane praised Harper’s evocation of (very) small-town life. “You can drive 12 hours here without passing another car,” McShane said. “She nailed the loneliness of it.”“You don’t have to know the place to get the feelings of the characters,” said Deborah Force, who owns an independent Melbourne bookstore called the Sun and was an early champion of Harper’s writing. “The Lost Man” was her shop’s best-selling title over the holidays. “Even people who say they don’t like crime really liked ‘The Dry,’” Force said.Harper doesn’t want to be boxed into a genre. “I don’t really feel drawn to dark things or human misery,” she said. Although all three of her books feature a sudden and mysterious death, they aren’t grisly or scary. “The number of books you come across with a young blond woman who gets mutilated and killed,” said Paterson, Harper’s editor, with a sigh. “I’m just reading a submission at the moment from an agent which starts with a woman getting kidnapped. You get overwhelmed by it.”Harper’s goal is clear: to write books people will enjoy reading, ones that she would like to read herself. Right now, those books happen to involve crime. “As a journalist I learned not to assume people will read to the end,” she said. “I need to keep people engaged.”Speaker Nancy Pelosi and the idealistic class of 64 Democratic House freshmen are armed with a reform agenda.This includes H.R. 1, a 571-page bill that addresses voting rights, corruption, gerrymandering and campaign finance reform as well as the creation of a Select Committee on the Climate Crisis — a first step toward a “Green New Deal.”Proponents of this ambitious project face a determined adversary, however — the top ranks of the interest group establishment, skilled in co-opting liberal members of Congress and converting initiatives to square with the interests of corporate America.The upper stratum of the Washington lobbying community often exercises de facto veto power over the legislative process, dominating congressional policymaking, funneling campaign money to both parties and offering lucrative employment to retiring and defeated members of the House and Senate.Lobbyists exercise this power across the course of a member’s career. “Whoever is elected is immediately met with a growing lobbying onslaught by the same big players,” write Lee Drutman, a senior fellow at New America, Matt Grossmann, a political scientist at Michigan State and Tim LaPira, a political scientist at James Madison University, who have contributed a chapter to “Can America Govern Itself?” a book edited by Francis Lee and Nolan McCarty that is coming out in June.Within the federal lobbying community — a $3.37 billion industry in 2017 — Drutman, Grossmann and LaPira writea limited number of organizations at the very top of the resource distribution have escalated their political investments in ways that increasingly distinguish them from the rest of the pack.This population of groups at the top of the distribution is becoming increasingly stable over the last two decades. This group of top organizations — which we call the top tier — is positioning itself as a distinct class.The authors argue that the first tier lobbying organizationsare analogous to the current generation of very wealthy families who now pay for every conceivable tutor so that their children can be advantaged in applying to elite prep schools and colleges, which are now more and more essential to getting ahead in our increasingly economically stratified society. In both circumstances, financial resources and social connections build up over time, reinforcing stratification. Money does not guarantee outcomes. But it helps reinforce inequalities by widening the gap between the very top and everyone else.The ability of this elite constituency to meet politicians’ demands for campaign contributions and other resources, the authors argue, has allowed Congress to ignore traditional “populist concerns regarding dominant economic interests” as members of the House and Senate “continue their high-dollar fund-raisers and constant meetings with lobbyists.”Despite his right-wing populist campaign and his September 2017 promise — “Our framework includes our explicit commitment that tax reform will protect low-income and middle-income households, not the wealthy and well-connected” — Trump supported and signed into law the $1.5 trillion Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. This extraordinarily regressive legislation decisively favors the rich and corporate interests.As the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center has noted, as a result of the Trump tax bill higher income households will receivelarger average tax cuts as a percentage of after-tax income, with the largest cuts as a share of income going to taxpayers in the 95th to 99th percentiles of the income distribution. On average, in 2027 taxes would change little for lower- and middle-income groups.The Trump administration’s drive to deregulate workplace safety rules and to undermine unions also reflects the impact of the Washington lobbying elite. By definition, lobbies at the highest rungs of the ladder spend more than those lower down, but “the differences are staggering,” Drutman and his colleagues write. The top 100 lobbying groups represent 0.89 percent of the 11,272 registered lobbies, but they “consistently have at least one-third of the in-house lobbyists in Washington, and hire about one in five contract lobbyists from multi-client lobbying firms.” The way it plays out over time, according to Drutman, is that 90 to 95 percent of the top 100 associations and firms represent business interests, as opposed to labor, consumers, or environmentalists. The top 100 spent $1.047 billion in 2017, or a little less than a third of total lobbying dollars that year, according to data provided to The Times by the Center for Responsive Politics.The upper ranks of the Washington lobbying community are most effective at blocking enactment of legislation, as opposed to winning approval of new laws. This is the very power — the crucial power — that prevents successful legislative initiatives from improving the lives of those in the bottom half of the income distribution.Raymond La Raja and Brian Schaffner, political scientists at the University of Massachusetts and Tufts, in their 2015 book, “Campaign Finance and Political Polarization: When Purists Prevail,” argue that legislative inaction inherently benefits the affluent and hurts the less advantaged: “A strong case has been made that policy gridlock exacerbates wealth inequality through a basic failure to adjust policies to new economic and demographic realities,” they write, like globalization and automation, which have disproportionately penalized unskilled and semiskilled labor.La Raja and Schaffner add thatPartisan polarization tends to exacerbate problems of economic inequality because political stalemate makes government less responsive to the needs of poorer citizens.In 2017, the most recent year with complete data, the top 10 lobbying associations — which include the United States Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Realtors, the Business Roundtable and the Pharmaceutical Research & Manufacturers of America — spent a total of $291.2 million on lobbying, according to Open Secrets.In the simplest terms, the pattern of campaign contributions (calculated by Open Secrets) provides insight into the motives of the interest groups and corporations — those represented by the major lobbying groups — that are most concerned with shaping public policy.In the 2017-18 election cycle, securities and investment firms gave a total of $60,566,716, split 53-46 percent between Democrats and Republicans; real estate gave $52,205,352 (51 to 48); accountants, $11,807,757, (46 to 51); the health industry, $159,255,037, (54.6 to 45); and lobbyists themselves contributed $25,828,243, (46 to 53).The stakes of this competition are substantially higher than those involved in picking individual candidates because ultimately they determine entire classes of winners and losers.Instead of building solidarity, study after study shows that as the gulf between rich and poor widens, voters become increasingly mean spirited and hostile to the welfare state, progressive taxation and regulations designed to protect consumers, workers and the environment.“People who have experienced higher inequality during their lives are less in favor of redistribution,” write Christopher Roth and Johannes Wohlfart, economists at the University of Warwick in Britain and Goethe University in Germany, in their November 2018 paper, “Experienced Inequality and Preferences for Redistribution.” They are “less likely to support left-wing parties and to consider the prevailing distribution of incomes to be unfair.”In another essay from November 2018, “Inequality and Participative Democracy. A Self‐Reinforcing Mechanism,” Ioannis Theodossiou and Alexandros Zangelidis, economists at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland, describe the way income inequality leads to political apathy and back again:Greater income inequality alienates and discourages people from engaging with common affairs, thus leading to lower political participation. Yet, lower electoral participation leads towards a less equitable distribution of income. Hence, this study reveals a self‐reinforcing mechanism where the unequal distribution of income leads to political exclusion, which in turn leads to more inequality.In other words, increasing inequality undermines support for a progressive agenda — the agenda most likely to improve the life chances and conditions of the least well off.Steven Pearlstein, a columnist at the Washington Post, in his 2018 book “Can American Capitalism Survive?” describes this negative feedback loop succinctly:As a society, we are now caught in one of those self-reinforcing, downward spirals in which the erosion of social capital, government dysfunction, rising inequality and slowing rates of economic growth are all feeding off each other, with more of one leading to more of all the others.Pearlstein continues:Income inequality and political polarization have become mutually reinforcing, creating the vicious circle that now manifests itself daily in the erosion of norms around civility and truth telling, the declining trust in political institutions, legislative gridlock and political dysfunction.Unsurprisingly, such problems lead to ever more disquieting outcomes.Anthony Chen, a sociologist at Northwestern, wrote by email:Weakened opposition is one reason why business influence over political and regulatory decisions seems greater today than it did before.In addition, Chen argued,one of the big political advantages that business enjoys is that it is continually able to recruit good players and send them to play every game worth playing in the American political and legal system. And there are a lot of games worth playing. Those games might entail having key language inserted into a piece of legislation as it gets finalized by Congress, or sending a top-notch legal team to Federal District Court when a favorable way of interpreting a particular statutory provision is potentially at stake, or making sure that business views are amply reflected in the EPA’s notice-and-comment rule-making process. And those are just some of the games that are being played at the federal level.Still, the newly elected Democratic House majority does not enter the fray without some effective tools of its own. Perhaps most important is the changing source of campaign money.Earlier this month, two reporters for The Times, Stephanie Saul and Rachel Shorey, reported thatDemocratic candidates in the general election collected nearly $296 million in small donations, more than three times the $85 million collected by Republicans.ActBlue, a liberal internet-based nonprofit fund-raising organization, told Saul and Shorey thatit helped raise $1.6 billion in the 2017-18 election cycle, including money it collects for interest groups and state candidates. The average donation was $39.67.The growth of small donor contributions online has lessened the dependence of Democratic candidates on the network of Washington-based PACs and lobbyist-run fund-raisers. The question now, Walter Shapiro, a fellow at the Brennan Center, writes, is whether Democrats “can withstand the inevitable pressure to adapt to business as usual in Washington by resisting the traditional advice to court big-money contributors.”La Raja of warned in an email thatA potentially larger challenge in any Democratic effort to reduce inequality is that allied interest groups and individual donors — as progressive as they are — focus on issues that are not necessarily about reducing inequality for the poor and working class. Instead, the emphasis is often on social issues such as abortion and civil rights, or protecting the environment.Jesse Rhodes, also a political scientist at the University of Massachusetts, questioned in an email whether Democratic donors support the goal of reducing economic inequality:I think that, all things considered, there is probably more tension than alignment with this goal. To be sure, donors tend to be more ideological than non-donors, so donors to Democratic candidates and/or the Democratic Party are going to be fairly liberal on average. At the same time, donors, particularly significant donors, are likely to be fairly affluent, and therefore heavily invested in the status quo.Democratic campaign contributors, Rhodes continued, would in all likelihood besupportive of progressive policies that would reduce economic inequality at the margins — e.g. shoring up Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, supporting increases in the minimum wage, and so forth — but I’m skeptical that they would be enthusiastic about more dramatic policy proposals that would require large tax increases on high incomes.The larger question in the wake of the 2018 elections is whether the forces that propelled Democrats into the majority in the House are powerful and persistent enough to force a shift from the rightward direction of policymaking that has held sway over a significant stretch of the past 40 years.The 2018 election outcome demonstrated that the left has regained momentum and enthusiasm, but the interest group elite — the prime movers of the regressive distribution of income described by Drutman, Grossmann and LaPira — have demonstrated exceptional staying power.“Business groups are simply more numerous and better resourced than any other type of interest group,” Chen writes in “In the Private Interest? Business Influence and American Democracy,” which also appears as a chapter in “Can America Govern Itself?” Corporations and trade groups are far more likely than citizen groups to employ hired lobbyists and former government officials, and the average spending of corporations and trade groups on lobbying and campaign contributions routinely exceeds that of citizen groups by several multiples.Especially in the case of the finance industry, Chen writes,there is rapidly accumulating evidence that campaign contributions deliver a definite and non-trivial improvement in the probability of obtaining a favorable vote.According to Bloomberg, three major business groups — the United States Chamber of Commerce, the Business Roundtable and the National Association of Realtors — invested over $50 million in lobbying to win passage of the trillion dollar Trump tax cut.If newly ascendant Democrats are to have a chance in their struggle against the power brokers of the lobbying community, they will have to maintain and expand their current House majority and eventually win the Senate. Perhaps most important, the party must avoid the repetition of past flameouts.Previous implosions include the elections of 1978 and 1980 that crushed the Democratic surge in the wake of Watergate and the 2010 Republican wave election that brought an abrupt halt to the idea that a new Democratic majority had dawned after President Barack Obama’s victory in 2008.Democrats need a leader who can power through the internal contradictions that their multihued, multicultural rainbow coalition presents.They need their own populist playbook and a presidential candidate equipped to forcefully campaign on it, someone whose personality — bravura, charisma, and bullheadedness — can seal for even a short while the cracks and schisms that push the party in a hundred different directions.My guess is that this will require the Democrats and their presidential nominee to resourcefully confront — to creatively reformat — issues of race and immigration, gender and sexual identity that Republicans have exploited with great success to peel away swing voters. This may be where a candidate’s charisma — his or her ability to elicit committed followership — becomes indispensable. The issue is less whether the party should or should not move left, but how a party of the left presents itself to and recruits an Election Day majority from a heterogeneous and deeply conflicted national audience.The danger for Democrats is that intensifying public hostility to President Trump may hand them the White House in 2020 before they have fully cultivated a leadership cadre equipped to address the conflicts that have torn the party apart in the past — a cadre that must also be strong enough to do battle with the increasingly powerful moneyed class and its voracious lobbying elite.I invite you to follow me on Twitter, @Edsall.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.ATLANTA — A senior aide to a former mayor of Atlanta collapses on a courtroom floor after hearing that she is headed to prison.F.B.I. agents in Los Angeles haul away computers and documents during a raid of a veteran councilman’s office.News cameras trail the most powerful alderman in Chicago as he walks to court to face a charge of attempted extortion.Federal prosecutors in Philadelphia accuse a powerful labor boss of keeping a key city councilman on his union’s payroll.Four of America’s largest cities are under the dark clouds of major federal corruption investigations. Residents, politicians and power brokers in all of them are holding their breath, waiting for signs of how deeply their civic cultures will be shaken.The investigations raise questions not just about who else might be caught up in them, but also about whether there can be any lasting cure for the chronic corruption problems that seem to dog big cities, so often dominated by a single party or political machine.In Chicago, Dick Simpson, a former alderman who is a political scientist at the University of Illinois at Chicago, called corruption a part of the municipal culture there. To change that, he said, “you have to not only destroy the political machine, but also actually create a history of clean government — that’ll be decades of work.”Engulfed by ScandalThe investigations have already had a palpable impact.In Chicago, the criminal charges against Alderman Ed Burke have created all kinds of complications for the municipal elections set for Feb. 26. Political insiders are watching uncomfortably to see whether the scandal will harm any of the 14 candidates vying to succeed Mayor Rahm Emanuel.In Atlanta, Kasim Reed, who was mayor from 2010 to 2018, has not been implicated in the investigation swirling around his former administration, and he has vigorously maintained his innocence. Even so, the scandal has effectively sidelined Mr. Reed, once a rising Democratic star in the South and one of Georgia’s most powerful politicians.Mayor Eric Garcetti of Los Angeles is not a known target of the widening probe in his city, either, though two of his appointees are under scrutiny, including a former deputy mayor. Last week, Mr. Garcetti put an end to months of speculation about his presidential ambitions by announcing that he would not seek the Democratic nomination in 2020.A federal indictment in the Philadelphia case, announced on Wednesday, centers on a union leader with major influence in city and state politics, and includes as a co-defendant the majority leader on the City Council, Bobby Henon, a former official of the union. Mr. Henon issued a statement saying he had done nothing wrong.The Chicago and Los Angeles metropolitan areas are the two most corrupt in the United States, based on the number of federal public corruption convictions from 1976 to 2016, according to researchers at the University of Illinois at Chicago. Philadelphia comes in at No. 8.Atlanta did not make the Top 10 in that study, but even so, the civic conversation in the South’s most important city is strongly influenced by the 2006 conviction of another former mayor, Bill Campbell, on tax evasion charges stemming from an earlier corruption investigation.Contracts and CozinessThese investigations often expose webs of small-bore wrongdoing. The bribes that Katrina Taylor-Parks, the woman who collapsed in court Jan. 14, had pleaded guilty to accepting from a city vendor in Atlanta added up to just $4,000. Ms. Taylor-Parks, a former deputy chief of staff to Mr. Reed, returned to court last week, and the judge sentenced her to 21 months in prison.But her case is one facet of a wide-ranging investigation examining construction contracts, the use of city-issued credit cards, and lucrative concessions at the city’s international airport. It has already led to the conviction of two contractors, who each bribed a city official; a former chief procurement officer for the city, who accepted bribes; and a man named Shandarrick Barnes, who threw a brick through the window at one of the contractor’s homes, warning him not to cooperate with investigators. He also placed dead rodents on the property.Those gangster-movie touches have come with a decidedly Atlantan twist. Mr. Barnes had business ties to a woman named Mitzi Bickers, who has made headlines over the years as a pioneering gay politician, as a president of the Atlanta public school board, as the pastor of a predominantly African-American Baptist church, and as a controversial political consultant. She was indicted in April on charges that she accepted more than $2 million in bribes when she was the city’s human services director. Ms. Bickers has pleaded not guilty to all the charges.Mr. Reed’s successor as mayor, Keisha Lance Bottoms, took office in January 2018, and a big part of her job has been dealing with the mess — rebidding airport contracts, listing the tiniest of city transactions with vendors on a public website, and naming a new “transparency officer.”In Los Angeles, where the downtown skyline is studded with construction cranes, investigators are focused on cozy relationships between politicians and the real estate executives who write checks to their campaigns and charitable causes.Such coziness has worried environmentalists and urban activists for decades, the more so now that the city’s neglected downtown is undergoing a renaissance, awash in money from Chinese real estate developers. The F.B.I. is paying attention now as well.Ever since the raid in November on the office and home of Jose Huizar, the City Council member whose district includes much of downtown, federal agents have been scouring his records for details of his financial connections to developers. (Asked for comment, Mr. Huizar’s lawyers issued a statement saying that Mr. Huizar “continues to work on behalf of the cultural, residential and commercial revitalization of Downtown Los Angeles,” but did not address the investigation.)A sign that the investigation extends far beyond Mr. Huizar surfaced recently when a researcher stumbled on a search warrant from July, indicating that the F.B.I. was looking for evidence of bribery, extortion and money laundering involving Chinese real estate investors, city politicians and their aides, including two of Mr. Garcetti’s appointees.The warrant described a sprawling web of possible corruption. Investigators appeared to be looking at whether campaign donations were traded for promises of project approvals, and whether there was outright bribery. The search was centered on an email account belonging to Ray Chan, a former deputy mayor.The investigators have yet to charge anyone with a crime. Even so, the investigation is rattling the city, and evoking its history of shady real estate dealings as it grew rapidly in the early 20th century, immortalized in the 1974 film “Chinatown.”“This is our new Chinatown,” said Jill Stewart, executive director of Coalition to Preserve L.A., an activist group that promotes transparency in government. “There was a huge amount of land use corruption. That’s always been a part of L.A.’s historic DNA.”Mr. Garcetti has sought to distance himself from any wrongdoing.“I am not responsible a hundred percent for everybody’s actions in this building, elected officials and staff,” the mayor said at a recent news conference. “But I do take my responsibility seriously, and I do expect every city employee to participate fully and cooperate fully with the F.B.I.”The investigation has revived efforts led by David Ryu, a City Council member, to limit contributions by real estate developers to city politicians’ campaigns and charitable causes.“There is a perception that exists that local politicians are influenced by developers, or special interests,” Mr. Ryu said. “If this perception exists, real or not, we have to do everything to root it out.”A Widening NetChicago has 50 aldermen on its City Council, but none carried more weight than Mr. Burke, 75, the longest-serving member and the former longtime chief of the powerful finance committee.Federal authorities say he ran an old-school shakedown, threatening to stall city permissions to remodel a fast-food restaurant unless the owner hired Mr. Burke’s private law firm for real-estate tax work.“I’ve done nothing wrong,” Mr. Burke told reporters in early January after his first court appearance.Mr. Burke, who is married to Anne Burke, a justice on the Illinois Supreme Court, resigned his committee chairmanship, and a flurry of proposals quickly emerged for new ethics rules at City Hall prompted by his case. But he said he would go right on seeking re-election to the seat he has held since 1969.In recent days, tantalizing new revelations have emerged, raising the specter of a widening net: Local news media reported that another alderman has cooperated with federal authorities, secretly recording conversations for months with people at City Hall.Joe Moore, another Chicago alderman, said the mud from corruption cases tends to splash unfairly on all the city’s politicians. Corruption, he said, is “not the ‘Chicago Way,’ as people like to say — frankly, it’s the human way. Humans are fallible creatures.”Juul Labs, the company behind the insanely popular vaping device, has a message for the nation’s estimated 37.8 million adult smokers:It really, really, really cares about them. And it wants them (and only them — got that, teens?) to try vaping instead.“For smokers. By design,” blares the company’s website. A new $10 million TV ad campaign, called “Make the Switch,” echoes that theme, featuring testimonials from ex-smokers, all comfortably above the legal smoking age, who have swapped their cigarettes for a Juul.This benevolent-sounding mission — helping nicotine-addicted adult smokers switch to something far less likely to kill them — is Juul’s new pitch, and the way it hopes to rehabilitate its image as one of Silicon Valley’s most problematic start-ups.You can’t fault Juul for trying. The company, which is valued at $38 billion, has been through the wringer lately, with regulators, public health advocates and concerned parents accusing it of fueling an epidemic of teenage nicotine addiction by marketing to young people with fruit-flavored pods, colorful youth-filled ads and social media campaigns. It has been sued by users and lambasted by lawmakers, and the Food and Drug Administration, which is investigating whether Juul’s marketing practices deliberately targeted underage users, conducted a surprise inspection of the company’s headquarters last year. (In November, Juul announced it would shut down its Instagram and Facebook accounts, and stop selling most flavored pods in stores.)Adding to the concern is that last month, Juul took a $12.8 billion investment from Altria, the tobacco giant behind Marlboro and other popular brands, in exchange for 35 percent of the company.Now, after making billions of dollars and joining forces with Big Tobacco, Juul is billing itself as a public-health crusader.Juul is far from the first company to attempt a humanitarian makeover. Facebook, an outgrowth of a Harvard student’s juvenile attempt to quantify the attractiveness of his classmates, now claims to have been motivated by a virtuous impulse to connect the world; Uber, created by two tech entrepreneurs who wanted to zoom around San Francisco in luxury cars, later tried to convince people that it wanted to provide affordable mobility to the masses.But in Juul’s case, revisionist history is particularly important, because the way Juul markets itself is central to the question of how it should be treated. Many consumers, investors and ethical technologists would rightly shun a company that knowingly targeted minors with harmful products, and cleaned up its act only after public pressure. But if you believe that Juul had a noble anti-cigarette mission all along, it’s easier to excuse its missteps as the product of innocent naïveté.Unfortunately for Juul, plenty of evidence suggests that the company didn’t always take its public health agenda so seriously.In 2015, in an interview with The Verge, Ari Atkins, a research and development engineer who helped create the original Juul, said that “we don’t think a lot about addiction here because we’re not trying to design a cessation product at all.”He added that “anything about health is not on our mind.”In other early interviews, James Monsees, Juul’s co-founder and chief product officer, played down the idea of a public health mission.“We’re not an activist company,” he said in a 2014 interview. “If you don’t like what we’re making better than cigarettes, then have a cigarette, that’s fine.”In an interview the next year, Mr. Monsees called Juul’s predecessor, a tobacco vaporizer known as Pax, “the dystopian future of tobacco,” and said the company’s vaporizing technology might someday find a market beyond cigarette smokers.In a statement this week, Mr. Monsees said the company had been forced to be careful about its marketing. Under federal regulations, the company is allowed to bill its device as a “switching product” for smokers, but not as a smoking cessation tool or a health device. He said that while Juul “initiated campaigns in the past that we would not do today,” it was always focused on eliminating cigarettes.“Since 2005, we have been focused on creating a product to help people switch away from smoking combustible cigarettes — the number one cause of preventable death in the world,” Mr. Monsees said. “That focus has been clear in the key milestone moments in the creation of the company — it is what we said in our 2005 Stanford graduation thesis and our first fund-raising letter in 2007.”Juul’s founders did, in fact, talk about improving health as a motivating factor early in the company’s existence. In a 2007 email sent to potential investors, Adam Bowen, Juul’s other co-founder, mentioned wanting to “offer a new alternative for health-conscious smokers.” The pair’s graduate thesis presentation, delivered while they were studying at Stanford in 2005, pitches vaping as a healthier substitute for cigarettes.But Juul’s public marketing told a different story. Few of the company’s early ads made any mention of cigarettes’ risks, or advocated for smokers to switch; most were focused on playing up vaping’s cool factor. As recently as 2017, the front page of the company’s website said nothing about switching from cigarettes at all, only that the Juul offered an “intensely satisfying vapor experience.”Recently, Juul — now equipped with an army of lobbyists and a slick communications team that includes a former White House spokesman — has studiously revamped its image. Glossy profiles have been written about the company’s “lifesaving mission” and Juul’s new chief executive, Kevin Burns, has gotten on message, emphasizing the company’s focus on adult smokers.This abrupt about-face has drawn skepticism from critics. Matthew L. Myers, the president of the antismoking advocacy group Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, characterized Juul’s new ad campaign as little more than a P.R. effort aimed at lawmakers and regulators.“Juul has engaged in all the traditional tactics of a company that is trying to fend off meaningful regulation, rather than actually change their behavior,” Mr. Myers said. “That is classic Big Tobacco.”For all the hand-wringing, no one is suggesting that Juul’s nicotine pods are less healthy than cigarettes, or that the company should stop marketing itself as a smoking alternative. There’s every reason to believe that vaping is significantly less harmful than smoking, and many adult smokers have in fact used Juul’s products to help them quit.But motives matter. And Juul’s shifty self-presentation suggests that the company may not be acting entirely on the level.Juul wants you to believe that it became a teenage sensation entirely by accident, that its products were only ever meant for adult smokers and that taking billions of dollars from Big Tobacco is consistent with the values of a company that has always put a priority on health over profits.The truth is much hazier than that.When Apple lost more than $75 billion in market value this past week after a surprise announcement that it is expecting lower iPhone sales than originally projected, the company put most of the blame for its troubles on China, where a slowing economy and the trade war with the United States have hurt sales.But a bigger issue for Apple might exist much closer to home, in a small, leafy town in Ohio.That’s where my mom lives. She’s a relatively tech-savvy retiree and a longtime Apple fan who has used many of the company’s products over the years. I learned to type on an Apple IIGS at her office, and she was an early adopter of the original turquoise iMac. These days, she uses her iPhone to check Facebook and Instagram, talk with her friends and relatives, and play solitaire and Words With Friends.Her phone isn’t the latest model — it’s a three-year-old iPhone 6S — and it’s missing some of the latest features. She can’t take portrait mode photos using a dual-lens camera, a feature introduced in the iPhone 7 Plus, and she can’t unlock her phone using Face ID, which was introduced in the iPhone X in 2017. Her phone’s battery life could be better, and the device sometimes runs out of storage space.But she’s happy with it, and doesn’t feel the need to upgrade. She also has a first-generation Apple Watch and a several-versions-ago MacBook Air, neither of which she’s planning to replace anytime soon.“The phone I have does just about everything I need,” she said when I called her to ask why she hadn’t upgraded to one of the newer models. “Why pay $800 for a new one just to be up to date? My needs aren’t that complicated.”Most of the journalists who write about tech for a living (including me) are early adopters — power users who like having the latest gadgets, and who are willing to fork over money for a slightly better experience. For some of these people, Apple’s announcement has come as a shock that portends potential disaster for the company.But for my mom, and the many people who are probably in her situation, the company’s slowing iPhone sales aren’t at all a disaster. In fact, they make total sense, and they don’t have much to do with China.In a letter to investors explaining the lower forecast, Timothy D. Cook, Apple’s chief executive, nodded to smaller-than-expected demand for iPhone upgrades, saying that consumers were “adapting to a world with fewer carrier subsidies” and “taking advantage of significantly reduced pricing for iPhone battery replacements.” The company declined to comment for this column.Apple is also facing competition from rivals like Samsung and Huawei, which have flooded international markets with lower-cost Androids that are, in many cases, just as functional as iPhones. And, yes, there are issues related to President Trump’s trade war with China, and an overall economic slowdown in the country.But the most consequential hit to Apple’s bottom line may be from people who are holding on to their phones for longer. Back in 2015, iPhones were being replaced after roughly two years, on average, according to BayStreet Research, a firm that tracks smartphone sales. That period has jumped to roughly three years, and is expected to grow even more.“We’re going to move to longer replacement cycles, principally because the cost is higher,” said Chris Caso, a tech analyst with Raymond James.Many of Apple’s issues are common to smartphone makers. The components inside newer phones, such as added memory and improved screen technology, are more expensive than older components. Refurbished and used phones are also more easily available, and carriers like Verizon and AT&T aren’t subsidizing new phone purchases as heavily as they once did, meaning that the up-front cost to the customer is higher.“It used to be that for $650, you got all new features, a better screen, everything,” Mr. Caso said. “Now, to put more features in the phone, it costs money.”There are Apple-specific variables, too. The newest version of Apple’s mobile operating systems, iOS 12, was designed to improve the performance of older devices. (This was a refreshing change from previous iOS updates, which tended to grind older models to a halt.) With better water resistance and sturdier screens, iPhones are more physically resilient than they used to be. And the list of must-have new features has shrunk. With a few exceptions — like Face ID and animated emojis — there is nothing you can do on a new iPhone that you can’t do on one from several years ago.Apple has also taken a hit from its battery replacement program, which offered steep discounts to many customers after the company was accused of slowing down older iPhones. That led some users to replace their batteries rather than their entire iPhone.All of this is worrying short-term investors, who want people to buy as many new iPhones as possible. But it’s great for people like my mom, who get to keep phones they’re happy with and replace them less frequently. It’s great for the environment — according to Apple’s latest sustainability report, each new Apple device produced generates an average of 90 kilograms of carbon emissions.A more durable iPhone could even be great for Apple’s long-term profitability. As Brian Barrett points out at Wired, “An iPhone that lasts longer keeps customers in the iOS ecosystem longer,” and more willing to keep their paid subscriptions to Apple Music, iCloud and other Apple services.Apple’s longer replacement cycle may be a temporary phenomenon, if newer technologies — such as compatibility with 5G mobile networks, which is expected to arrive in iPhones in 2020 — lead to popular apps that don’t run on older phones.“If there’s an app — maybe it’s Fortnite 2 — that I can’t run on my existing iPhone, a new iPhone will be on every teenage boy’s shopping list,” Mr. Caso said.But for now, while investors might be unhappy with the company’s short-term sales, the rest of us should cheer it as a sign of progress in giving customers what they want: sturdy, reliable phones that don’t become obsolete as soon as a new model arrives.When I asked my mom what would get her to upgrade to a newer iPhone, she said she might do it if a new, killer feature came along, or if her favorite apps no longer worked. But in the end, she admitted that wasn’t likely.“Until I drop it and break it, I’ll probably keep it,” she said.HARK By Sam Lipsyte 284 pp. Simon & Schuster. $27.We begin with a schmuck. His name is Fraz Penzig — Fraz being how his father, Frank, once heard himself paged over a static-filled airport loudspeaker. “Penzig men,” writes Sam Lipsyte. “Always hovering just outside of an inside joke they have played on themselves.” It’s hard to diminish a character faster than naming him for a mistake, but we soon learn that Fraz is abrasive and useless at his job. He has a porn fetish that’s common knowledge in his grossed-out social circle. His 8-year-old twins may have rectal parasites. His wife, Tovah, enjoys French-kissing one of Fraz’s childhood rivals. “Tovah told him that life is not a zero-sum game, but Fraz senses that if it were, he would be the zero sum.”Hark Morner is also named for a mistake, this one involving a foreign-born mother and a Christmas carol. “She thought the song was about someone telling their friend Hark that the herald angels were singing,” Hark tells Fraz. But where Fraz has been sinking since birth, Hark is rising — as in “glory to the newborn king” rising — through mental archery, a quasi-religious mindfulness regimen of his own creation. He’s still in the pamphlet-selling phase when he meets Fraz, and he’s not the chattiest messiah. But when Hark speaks, “his voice is an enchanted river with roars and hushes and thick, crystal swerves. It carves a course for Fraz to follow, to flow toward, out from his fetid backwaters, his brack stink.”[ The paper’s 2010 review of “The Ask” called it “the sort of book that, if it were an animal, would be a lumbering, hairy, cryptozoological ape-man with a near-crippling case of elephantiasis.” ]The attraction and repulsion between would-be Jesus and his apostle Costanza is a major story line in “Hark,” though it’s hardly the only one. “Hark” is Lipsyte’s first novel since 2010’s much-loved “The Ask,” and similarities abound. Both are satires featuring underemployed, middle-aged New York Jewish protagonists with abandoned artistic dreams, cheating wives and snack-food obsessions. That’s a pretty specific box on the census form for a writer to check twice. Both also veer away from narrative to chase any excuse for a riff — then swing back with prose so good you feel guilty complaining about the whiplash. The difference is that in “Hark” the riffing has more serious consequences.“Hark” is split into halves, the first of which is extremely funny. In a few swift pages we learn that Hark started as a stooge on the corporate speaker’s circuit, hired to bore audiences with meaningless aphorisms (“You are the arrow! But you are also what it pierces”) until an executive ringer would eject him from the stage to heroic applause. “Hark wasn’t the only person who worked this niche. A guy named Cornelius the Corporate Impostor had the gig before Hark. Big Lev from Biz Dev had sewn up Silicon Valley. But they were too broad. Nobody bought their acts after a line or two. Hark twitched with the plausible.”Image [Read: Sam Lipsyte on the role of sex scenes in fiction.]In the midst of these gigs, Hark has his revelation. It’s a recurring joke that no one can explain mental archery beyond its “focus on focus,” but pamphlets are written, yoga poses created (“Priapic Centaur, Roaring Rama, Encircling Sioux”), and a core of acolytes gather. There’s the heiress Kate Rumpler and Teal, Kate’s anticapitalist, ex-convict ex-girlfriend. (Kate: “You did do time for embezzlement.” Teal: “That company was building fascism in America. And its shipping policies were absurd.”) Kate funds Hark with her inheritance. Teal runs Hark Hub, home of the latest Hark videos and social threads. Fraz fancies himself the movement’s Steve Bannon, while the others regard him as its Michael Cohen. All are mired in ironic detachment from their misery and attracted to Hark’s simple message. But they’re unsure if his odd speech and mannerisms are signs of sanctity or just weirdness. “Maybe Fraz is too impure to know the difference.”Having dropped Hark at the edge of a Tony Robbins-like breakthrough in Part 1, the story unravels some in Part 2 — for Hark and for “Hark.” Lipsyte crowds the plot with a stalker/Svengali, an organ-donation kidnapping thingumajig, and an Elon Musk-y villain, complete with surgically dyed irises, who exists mostly as a reason for Lipsyte to groove on big tech. He also shoves his skeptical Greek chorus aggressively toward belief, leading to lines like this from Fraz to Kate: “There’s something a little too uncomplicated in Hark for people like us. Thing is, we’ve got to change, not him.”That’s a honker of a passage, though it serves Lipsyte’s point — that modern life is so grim, people will bend far below the limbo bar of logic in search of some peace. Even the author can’t make up his mind about Hark and mental archery. “Fraz does believe,” he writes, only to double back a few sentences later and suggest that he doesn’t.But the battle between Hark and Fraz is never a fair fight. Regardless of the deficiencies Lipsyte piles onto them, Fraz, Kate, Teal and others are fully formed characters. We know Fraz’s inner life, see moments of tenderness with his kids, and even get the occasional glimpse of his appeal. Calling back to Fraz’s courtship with Tovah, Lipsyte writes: “He told her to consider him a downed wire: unpredictable, potentially lethal. Tovah thought him more a lost shoelace, but adorable.”Hark, meanwhile, is a great idea and a lousy character. He’s only ever alive as a vessel for riffs about belief, fraud, transcendence, corporate off-sites, etc. Many of these are dazzling, but hardly all of them, and Hark is in the book a lot. There’s considerable time given to his speeches: “What we learn from the example of the Mongols.…” Meta, sure. But meta-boring is still boring. In an attempt to give Hark a bit more flesh some information gets sprinkled in — he’s a cop’s kid, his favorite drink is ice — but it’s a tough sell that smart, damaged, witty, miserable people would lend Hark their attention for longer than it would take to ridicule him. Let alone devote their tiny reservoirs of hope to something as inchoate as mental archery.Lipsyte tries to give his characters cleaner moments of salvation before wrapping things up, but this being a Christ allegory tucked inside a satire, it’s safe to say it doesn’t end terribly well for anyone. It’s a shame. Not only because so much of “Hark” is brilliantly alive, but because everyone in it could use a bit of mercy.WASHINGTON — On a busy day at the White House, President Trump hosted senators to talk about tax cuts, accused a Democratic congresswoman of distorting his condolence call to a soldier’s widow and suffered another court defeat for his travel ban targeting Muslim countries.And at some point on Wednesday, Oct. 18, 2017, Mr. Trump took the time to sign a $35,000 check to his lawyer, who had made hush payments to prevent alleged sexual misconduct from being exposed before the 2016 presidential election. It was one of 11 occasions that Mr. Trump or his trust cut such checks, six of which were provided this week to The New York Times.At the heart of last week’s congressional testimony by Michael D. Cohen, Mr. Trump’s former lawyer, was the sensational accusation that the sitting president of the United States financed an illegal cover-up from inside the White House. The dates on the newly available checks shed light on the parallel lives Mr. Trump was living by this account — at once managing affairs of state while quietly paying the price of keeping his personal secrets out of the public eye.The president hosted a foreign leader in the Oval Office, then wrote a check. He haggled over legislation, then wrote a check. He traveled abroad, then wrote a check. On the same day he reportedly pressured the F.B.I. director to drop an investigation into a former aide, the president’s trust issued a check to Mr. Cohen in furtherance of what federal prosecutors have called a criminal scheme to violate campaign finance laws at the direction of Mr. Trump.The White House on Tuesday referred questions about the payments to Mr. Trump’s private lawyers. Jay Sekulow, one of the president’s personal lawyers, had no comment and a lawyer for the Trump Organization declined to discuss the matter.Other defenders of the president said that the checks proved only that Mr. Trump paid his personal lawyer, not that he necessarily knew the money was meant to reimburse Mr. Cohen for hush payments to Stormy Daniels, the pornographic film actress who has claimed to have had an extramarital affair with Mr. Trump. The president has denied the affair.“I think it’s news we knew about,” Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, the ranking Republican on the House Oversight and Reform Committee and one of the president’s staunchest allies, told reporters during a break in last week’s hearing. The payments, he said, could have been for services based on a retainer, although Mr. Cohen said there was no such retainer.The president’s critics said that the checks, mostly with Mr. Trump’s distinctive up-and-down signature, in fact bolster the prosecutors’ conclusion about his involvement in the scheme. Mr. Cohen has pleaded guilty to violating campaign finance laws as well as lying to Congress and faces three years in prison starting in the spring.“The $35,000 is an indication of the quality of that evidence, and it both shows the extent of Trump’s leading role and now leaves little doubt that he faces criminal prosecution after he leaves office for the same offenses for which Cohen will serve time,” said Robert F. Bauer, a law professor at New York University and former White House counsel for President Barack Obama.Indeed, some people close to Mr. Trump have privately predicted that he will ultimately choose to seek a second term in part because of his legal exposure if he is not president. While there is no legal consensus on the matter, Justice Department policy says that a president cannot be indicted while in office.The checks to Mr. Cohen were sent on a more or less monthly basis throughout 2017, Mr. Trump’s first year in office. Mr. Cohen provided two checks to the House committee last week and his lawyer, Lanny J. Davis, provided the additional six checks to The Times this week. Mr. Cohen’s team said it was searching for three others.Of the eight checks now available, seven were for $35,000 and another was for $70,000 to cover two months’ worth of payments. Six were signed by Mr. Trump himself while he was president and the other two were signed by his eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., and his company’s chief financial officer, Allen Weisselberg.Altogether, Mr. Trump or his trust paid Mr. Cohen $420,000, according to federal prosecutors. Of that, $130,000 was to reimburse payments made shortly before the 2016 election to Ms. Daniels, whose legal name is Stephanie Clifford, so she would not tell her story. Another $50,000 was for Mr. Cohen’s effort to manipulate online polls to inflate Mr. Trump’s reputation as a businessman.That $180,000 was then “grossed up” with another $180,000 to offset taxes that Mr. Cohen would have to pay on the original money since it was being treated as income. Another $60,000 was added as a “bonus,” prosecutors have said.Mr. Trump has offered conflicting accounts about the matter. Speaking to reporters on Air Force One in April 2018, he said he did not know about the payment to Ms. Daniels. But a month later, his lawyer, Rudolph W. Giuliani, hoping to refute the suggestion that it might be a campaign finance violation, told Fox News and The Times that the president had in fact reimbursed Mr. Cohen for the payment.Citing Mr. Cohen and other evidence, prosecutors from the Southern District of New York said in court papers that Mr. Trump directed the scheme, essentially making him an unindicted co-conspirator.“We’re talking about a felony committed by the president of the United States where there’s no dispute,” said Mr. Davis, the lawyer for Mr. Cohen.People close to Mr. Trump have suggested that he may not have been aware of what Mr. Cohen was doing in real time, despite an audiotape that Mr. Cohen recorded of him discussing with Mr. Trump payments that The National Enquirer had made to a second woman who claimed to have had an affair with the candidate.A person close to Mr. Trump said that he may have believed the checks were payment for general legal fees, but may not have known why. The president’s associates stressed that the payment to Mr. Cohen was one of several he made privately each month.Mr. Davis scoffed at that. “You denied the Stormy Daniels affair and that was a lie,” he said. “Now you’re denying that you knew about this payoff and reimbursement that Giuliani says you knew about. So your claim of ignorance doesn’t have any credibility.”One person who without question was involved, according to multiple people briefed on the events, was Mr. Weisselberg, the Trump Organization chief financial officer. Mr. Cohen told Mr. Weisselberg about the $130,000 wire transfer to Ms. Daniels. Mr. Weisselberg suggested repaying it in installments and told Mr. Cohen to send invoices once a month, according to the people.By Mr. Cohen’s account, the checks began in February 2017, just weeks after Mr. Trump was inaugurated as president. When Mr. Cohen visited the Oval Office for the first time, he said, Mr. Trump raised the issue of the hush payments in the same room that symbolized the United States’ seat of power.“Don’t worry, Michael, your January and February reimbursement checks are coming,” he quoted Mr. Trump telling him. “They were FedExed from New York and it takes a while for that to get through the White House system.”The first check was signed Feb. 14, 2017, for $70,000 to cover both January and February. It was issued by the president’s trust and signed by Mr. Weisselberg and Donald Trump Jr.The payment came at a fraught moment in the president’s early weeks, just a day after he forced his national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, to resign for lying about his contacts with Russia. On the same day the check to Mr. Cohen was signed, Mr. Trump pulled aside James B. Comey, then the F.B.I. director, and suggested “letting Flynn go,” according to a contemporaneous memo by Mr. Comey.The next check, for $35,000, came from the trust on March 17, even as the president hosted Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany in the Oval Office and aides were grappling with a firestorm over unfounded assertions aired by the White House that the British had spied on Mr. Trump when he was a candidate.A check for April has not been located; Mr. Cohen’s records were seized by federal agents. But after the initial payments, Mr. Trump was instructed that he should write Mr. Cohen checks from his personal checking account instead of the trust. It is not clear why he was told this, but in so doing, he removed his son’s name from future checks.On May 23, the president signed a personal check on the same day he was overseas meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel in Jerusalem and President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority in Bethlehem, before flying that night to Rome.Checks for June and July have also not been located. The next one, on Aug. 1, came as Mr. Trump invited small business owners to the White House and an aide confirmed that the president had dictated a misleading statement about a 2016 meeting that his campaign team held with Russians.On Sept. 12, Mr. Trump hosted the prime minister of Malaysia even as his press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, was telling reporters that the Justice Department should “certainly look at” prosecuting Mr. Comey. Mr. Trump signed another $35,000 check that day.After the Oct. 18 check came one on Nov. 21, just two days before Thanksgiving when Mr. Trump pardoned a turkey, saying, “I feel so good about myself,” and then defended Roy S. Moore, the Republican Senate candidate in Alabama who had been accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls. Mr. Trump also spoke by telephone that day with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia.The last check made public was signed on Dec. 5, the same day that Mr. Trump called Mr. Netanyahu, Mr. Abbas and Arab leaders to tell them that he had decided to move the American Embassy to Jerusalem.Four months later, F.B.I. agents raided Mr. Cohen’s office and home.Jeff Bezos and his wife, MacKenzie, may be the first billionaire couple with a huge stake in an enormous technology company to announce their divorce.They won’t be the last.The surprise announcement last week that the Bezoses would divorce after 25 years of marriage instantly raised questions about the future of their 16 percent, roughly $140 billion stake in Amazon. As its founder, chairman, chief executive and largest shareholder, Mr. Bezos exerts almost complete control over the company he created.The big question is, now what? Will Ms. Bezos sell her portion of the family’s vast Amazon holdings? Will she seek a seat on the company’s board? Will she push for big strategic or management changes?The Bezos divorce could have consequences for investors in other companies with billionaire founders — Google, Facebook, Groupon and Snap, to name a few. Unlike Mr. Bezos, who owns Amazon shares with ordinary voting rights, these tech entrepreneurs wield control of their companies by holding special classes of shares that confer extra power to their owners.To put it more explicitly: What would happen if Mark Zuckerberg and his wife filed for divorce?That’s not to suggest there’s anything amiss in the relationship between Mr. Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan, or with the marriages of controlling shareholders at any other giant tech company.[Who is MacKenzie Bezos? Her private life has become a public fascination.]But more such breakups are inevitable — after all, the divorce rate in California is about 60 percent, and many of the founders of high-flying Silicon Valley companies are only now reaching the age for the proverbial midlife crisis.The phenomenon of tech companies with controlling founders is still relatively recent. Google set a trend when it went public in 2004 with dual-class shares that enshrined Sergey Brin and Larry Page as the controlling owners. In the ensuing 15 years, about two-thirds of initial public stock offerings backed by venture capital funds have involved similar super-shares, according to Dealogic.The fate of such controlling shares in cases of divorce is, or should be, of intense interest to investors.David F. Larcker, director of the Corporate Governance Research Initiative at Stanford’s business school and a co-author of “Separation Anxiety: The Impact of CEO Divorce on Shareholders,” said his research showed that “shareholders should pay attention to matters involving the personal lives of C.E.O.s and take this information into account when making investment decisions.”The law doesn’t explicitly require controlling shareholders to disclose prenuptial or other agreements that could affect the disposal of their company stakes in the event of divorce. But some experts said they would support such a requirement.“It’s absolutely material, and as a result it should be disclosed,” said John C. Coffee Jr., director of the Center for Corporate Governance at Columbia University. In theory, he said, any provision that would reassure investors would lead to a higher share price. “There’s no question it’s in the best interests of shareholders,” he said.Charles M. Elson, a professor and director of the corporate governance center at the University of Delaware, also supports the disclosure of prenuptial agreements. “No one thought a Bezos divorce was a risk factor” for Amazon, Mr. Elson said. “Now no one knows how this will turn out. From a shareholder perspective, it’s certainly material.”Mr. Larcker said requiring public disclosure might be going a little too far, considering the privacy issues involved. But he agreed that, at the least, a board needed to be kept fully informed.“Once a divorce settlement is underway,” he said, “the board needs to think about whether the ex-spouse will demand a board seat, whether they are planning to liquidate their shares or perhaps sell as a block to an investor, maybe an activist. All of these actions can have a real impact on shareholder value.”So far, investors have hardly reacted to the Bezos breakup — Amazon’s shares are up slightly since the announcement. That might be partly because the couple went out of their way to characterize the split as amicable, saying they plan to “continue our shared lives as friends.”When many billions of dollars are at stake, amicable divorces are rare, even when they start out that way. “Most divorces start out contentious and end contentious,” said Samantha Bley DeJean, a matrimonial lawyer in San Francisco, who has worked with many Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and represents Angelina Jolie in her custody battle with Brad Pitt. “When they start out amicably, you hold out some hope that they’ll stay that way, but in my experience it only gets worse.”In 2017 Mark Pincus, the billionaire founder of the internet game company Zynga, and Alison Gelb Pincus filed for divorce. The two had a prenuptial agreement, which hasn’t been made public, but presumably addressed the issue of Mr. Pincus’s 70 percent voting stake in Zynga. In an interview with The New York Times last year, Mr. Pincus said the split was amicable.After the couple filed for divorce, Mr. Pincus converted his super-voting shares into ordinary shares, reducing his voting control of Zynga to about 10 percent. He told The Times that the conversion had nothing to do with the divorce.Ms. Pincus is an entrepreneur in her own right: she helped found the online retailer One Kings Lane, which was sold in 2016 to Bed Bath & Beyond for nearly $30 million. The Pincuses quietly finalized their divorce last year on terms that haven’t been made public. Zynga hasn’t disclosed any changes in Mr. Pincus’s shareholdings since then.A spokeswoman for Zynga, where Mr. Pincus remains executive chairman, declined to comment. Ms. DeJean, who represented Ms. Pincus, said she couldn’t discuss the case. But in general, she said, the fact that both spouses are extremely wealthy typically doesn’t change the dynamics of a divorce.“It becomes a matter of principle,” she said, “and principles can be dangerous in these situations, especially when there’s enough money to litigate them.”In their 2010 divorce, Steve and Elaine Wynn, the founders of the casino company Wynn Resorts, each received half of the couple’s 36 percent controlling stake in the company, valued then at $1.4 billion. To maintain Mr. Wynn’s control, Ms. Wynn agreed to vote her shares along with her ex-husband.At the time, the arrangement seemed amicable: Ms. Wynn warmly described Mr. Wynn as her “partner of 41 years and father of her children,” and Mr. Wynn said he was delighted that his ex-wife would remain on the company’s board.That didn’t last long. After two acrimonious years, Ms. Wynn was forced off the board and sued to regain voting control of her shares.The animosity only deepened after The Wall Street Journal reported last year that Mr. Wynn had repeatedly sexually harassed Wynn employees and had paid a manicurist $7.5 million after she told others that Mr. Wynn had forced her to have sex.That led Mr. Wynn to step down as chief executive. He sold his shares, leaving his former wife as the company’s largest shareholder. Since peaking in 2014, Wynn shares have fallen by more than half.Mr. Larcker’s research found that among 24 chief executives who got divorced between 2009 and 2012, seven (29 percent) stepped down within two years of the divorce settlement.Ms. DeJean said she had recently drafted numerous prenuptial agreements for young entrepreneurs. Negotiating them is delicate: It’s not especially romantic to be discussing the disposal of assets in a divorce proceeding in the middle of a courtship or engagement.The idea of making those prenuptial terms public could be anathema to such clients.Still, Ms. DeJean said, “I can see why investors would want to know.”(Reuters) - Campbell Soup Co said on Friday it would sell its Bolthouse Farms business to an affiliate of private equity firm Butterfly Equity for $510 million, in the U.S. food company's first major sale as part of its plan to reduce debt.With the completion of deal, expected by July 2019, Campbell will have divested its entire fresh division, it said. In February, it agreed to sell salsa maker Garden Fresh Gourmet to a unit of Fountain of Health USA, which makes hummus, dips and prepared salads.Butterfly said its operating partner Jeff Dunn will take the role of chief executive officer at Bolthouse Farms, where he previously served as president and CEO between 2008 and 2015. Campbell bought Bolthouse, known for its fruit juices and packaged carrots, in 2012 for about $1.55 billion in a push to add healthier products to its portfolio.The business, however, has struggled in recent years, with issues ranging from farming missteps to the recall of 3.8 million bottles of protein shakes due to possible spoilage.The fresh food unit along with Campbell's international business, has been up for sale since August after the company was pressured by investors to boost its profitability and stock performance."The sale of Bolthouse Farms supports our strategy to focus on our two core North American businesses, Campbell Snacks and Campbell Meals and Beverages," CEO Mark Clouse said. The packaged foods maker said the proceeds from deal would help reduce debt by about $570 million and that the transaction is not expected to impact the company's fiscal 2019 forecast. (Reporting by Uday Sampath and Aishwarya Venugopal in Bengaluru; Editing by Shinjini Ganguli)(Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc has decided it will seek to sell around $10 billion worth of stock in its initial public offering, and will make public the registration of the offering on Thursday, people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.An IPO of this size would make Uber one of the biggest technology IPOs of all time, and the largest since that of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd in 2014.Uber is seeking a valuation of between $90 billion and $100 billion, influenced by the poor performance of smaller rival Lyft Inc's shares following its IPO late last month, the sources said. Investment bankers previously told Uber it could be worth as much as $120 billion.Uber most recently was valued at $76 billion in the private fundraising market.Most of the shares sold would be issued by the company, while a smaller portion would be owned by Uber investors cashing out, one of the sources said. Uber plans to make its IPO registration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission publicly available on Thursday, and will kick of its investor roadshow during the week of April 29, putting it on track to price its IPO and begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange in early May, the sources said. The sources cautioned that the plans are still subject to change and market conditions, and asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential.A representative for Uber declined to comment. Lyft's IPO priced at the top end of its upwardly revised range last month, assigning it a valuation of more than $24 billion in an offering that raised $2.34 billion. But the stock has traded poorly since debuting on the Nasdaq on March 29, as concerns about the startup's path to profitability have become more prominent. The shares ended trading on Tuesday at $67.44, well below their $72 IPO price.In moderating its valuation expectations, Uber is showing a realism that is being increasingly adopted by Silicon Valley unicorns, as stock market investors push back against some of the lofty price tags sought.On Monday, Pinterest Inc set a price range for its IPO that values it below the $12 billion at which the online image-search company sourced its last private fundraising in 2017.Uber operates in more than 70 countries. In addition to ride-hailing, its business includes bike and scooter rentals, freight hauling, food delivery, and an expensive self-driving car division. During the IPO roadshow, Uber's chief executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, will be tasked with convincing investors that he has successfully changed the company’s culture and business practices after a series of embarrassing scandals over the last two years.Those have included sexual harassment allegations, a massive data breach that was concealed from regulators, use of illicit software to evade authorities and allegations of bribery overseas.Uber last year had revenue of $11.3 billion, while gross bookings from rides was $50 billion. But the company lost $3.3 billion, excluding gains from the sale of its overseas business units in Russia and Southeast Asia. (Reporting by Joshua Franklin and Carl O'Donnell in New York; Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)(Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc has decided it will seek to sell around $10 billion worth of stock in its initial public offering, and will make public the registration of the offering on Thursday, people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.An IPO of this size would make Uber one of the biggest technology IPOs of all time, and the largest since that of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd in 2014.Uber is seeking a valuation of between $90 billion and $100 billion, influenced by the poor performance of smaller rival Lyft Inc's shares following its IPO late last month, the sources said. Investment bankers previously told Uber it could be worth as much as $120 billion.Uber most recently was valued at $76 billion in the private fundraising market.Most of the shares sold would be issued by the company, while a smaller portion would be owned by Uber investors cashing out, one of the sources said. Uber plans to make its IPO registration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission publicly available on Thursday, and will kick of its investor roadshow during the week of April 29, putting it on track to price its IPO and begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange in early May, the sources said. The sources cautioned that the plans are still subject to change and market conditions, and asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential.A representative for Uber declined to comment. Lyft's IPO priced at the top end of its upwardly revised range last month, assigning it a valuation of more than $24 billion in an offering that raised $2.34 billion. But the stock has traded poorly since debuting on the Nasdaq on March 29, as concerns about the startup's path to profitability have become more prominent. The shares ended trading on Tuesday at $67.44, well below their $72 IPO price.In moderating its valuation expectations, Uber is showing a realism that is being increasingly adopted by Silicon Valley unicorns, as stock market investors push back against some of the lofty price tags sought.On Monday, Pinterest Inc set a price range for its IPO that values it below the $12 billion at which the online image-search company sourced its last private fundraising in 2017.Uber operates in more than 70 countries. In addition to ride-hailing, its business includes bike and scooter rentals, freight hauling, food delivery, and an expensive self-driving car division. During the IPO roadshow, Uber's chief executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, will be tasked with convincing investors that he has successfully changed the company’s culture and business practices after a series of embarrassing scandals over the last two years.Those have included sexual harassment allegations, a massive data breach that was concealed from regulators, use of illicit software to evade authorities and allegations of bribery overseas.Uber last year had revenue of $11.3 billion, while gross bookings from rides was $50 billion. But the company lost $3.3 billion, excluding gains from the sale of its overseas business units in Russia and Southeast Asia. (Reporting by Joshua Franklin and Carl O'Donnell in New York; Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)NEW YORK — Clothing retailer J. Crew Group Inc. says it's considering a potential initial public offering for its successful Madewell brand.The announcement Thursday comes after the struggling company completed a review of the options for its business.It says a Madewell IPO, if pursued, could be completed as early as the second half of this year.Separately, it named Michael Nicholson, president and chief operating officer, interim CEO of J. Crew Group Inc. Retail veteran Mickey Drexler led J. Crew for more than a decade, helping it become a coveted fashion brand before it hit a multi-year sales slump. He severed his last ties with the company in January.The news comes as some fashion companies are trying to capitalize on a burgeoning IPO market. Denim giant Levi Strauss & Co. returned to the public market in March as it stages a comeback even as it faces increasing competition and a changing retail landscape.Some fashion companies are also looking to split up their businesses. Gap Inc. said in late February that it plans to split into two independent publicly traded companies — low-priced juggernaut Old Navy and a yet-to-be named company, which will consist of the iconic Gap brand, Banana Republic and the lesser known Athleta, Intermix and Hill City. Last year, VF Corp. said it will be splitting its denim business anchored by Lee and Wrangler jeans into an independently traded company.J. Crew recently began to add a wider variety of styles as a way to turn around its business. Meanwhile, Madewell has done well with its classic, quality clothing. In its latest fiscal year ended Feb. 2, J. Crew sales fell 4% while Madewell's sales soared 26%.(Reuters) - U.S. retirement plan administrator Principal Financial Group said on Tuesday it would buy Wells Fargo & Co's retirement plan services business for $1.2 billion, as it seeks a larger presence in markets serving mid-sized companies.The move, first revealed last month by Reuters, marks the latest divestment from Wells Fargo, which has been streamlining its business as it grapples with the fallout of customer abuse scandals.Combining the Wells Fargo and Principal businesses will create one of the largest U.S. retirement services providers, with 7.5 million customers, the companies said in separate statements announcing the deal.The agreement also includes a provision for payments worth up to $150 million from Principal to Wells Fargo that are tied to exceeding revenue retention targets. These would be triggered two years after closing, which is likely in the third quarter, Principal Financial said."Principal will gain a strong foothold with mid-sized employers as more than two-thirds of Wells Fargo's institutional retirement assets are in plans ranging from $10 million to $1 billion," the company said. https://reut.rs/2uRbzQ2The deal, to be financed with cash and between $400 million and $500 million of debt, will add to Principal's net income and adjusted earnings per share in 2020. The company said in a separate presentation that its share buybacks would be suspended, resuming no later than the first quarter of 2020.The buyback news weighed on Principal's stock, which was 2.5 percent lower in afternoon trading on Nasdaq. Wells was down 1.4 percent.Once the unit is fully integrated in 2022, Principal said it could see annual net revenue of around $425 million, and pre-tax return on net revenue of 28 percent to 32 percent.The Des Moines, Iowa-based company will take over Wells' contribution, benefit, executive deferred compensation, employee stock ownership plans, institutional trust and custody and institutional asset advisory businesses.Wells Fargo has been looking to trim its business since it came under regulatory scrutiny following a sales practice scandal. In 2018, the Federal Reserve slapped it with an unprecedented asset cap, citing "widespread consumer abuses and compliance breakdowns."The bank is scheduled to announce its first-quarter results on Friday. Lazard is the financial adviser to Principal, while Debevoise & Plimpton provided legal counsel. Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP served as Wells Fargo’s legal adviser. (Reporting By Aparajita Saxena in Bengaluru and David French in New York; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila, Shailesh Kuber and Dan Grebler)BERLIN — Europe's largest technology company SAP aims to more than double its market value to between 250 billion euros and 300 billion euros ($282-$338 billion) by 2023, Chief Executive Bill McDermott told a German newspaper.McDermott said SAP's market capitalisation had increased to 140 billion euros (£120.7 billion) from 45 billion euros since his tenure as CEO began in 2010."Measured on the market valuation of pure cloud service providers, we have potential in our portfolio for a further 90 billion euros in market value," he told Thursday's edition of Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung newspaper."By 2023 we plan to increase the market capitalisation to 250 to 300 billion euros," he said.SAP is in the middle of a restructuring plan, announced in January, that includes 4,400 layoffs, as McDermott seeks to transform the company into a digital platform business.The restructuring has lead to a string of high-profile departures with extensive know-how in recent weeks.Shares in SAP have fallen 5 percent over the past week off a six-month high of 104.88 euros set on April 4. It currently has a market capitalisation of 122.35 billion euros ($138 billion), making it Germany's most valuable company.But it lags arch-rival Oracle, which has a market worth of $184.45 billion, and is far behind some of the leading cloud service providers, including Microsoft which has a value of $922 billion.McDermott has promised to treble the size of the cloud business by 2023, bringing total revenues at SAP to 35 billion euros, as it competes with the likes of Oracle and Salesforce.com.He told the paper the restructuring would allow SAP to move people to growth areas, such as its business with artificial intelligence or the Internet of Things."In addition, we are putting every single business unit under scrutiny," he said. (Reporting by Caroline Copley; Editing by Rashmi Aich)Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them.__________Uber and Lyft have competed for riders and drivers across North America. They raced each other to go public. They even filed paperwork for their initial public offerings with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the same day late last year.Now that Lyft is publicly traded and Uber’s own initial public offering is approaching, they’re also going to be competing for stock investors.[Uber is losing $1.8 billion a year, its I.P.O. filing reveals.]By most measures, Uber is much bigger and has a more diverse revenue stream.It is the world’s biggest ride-sharing company, with operations in 63 countries. Its revenue comes not just from ride-sharing but from Uber Eats, its food delivery business, as well as from its trucking business and bike and scooter sharing. By comparison, Lyft operates in the United States and Canada and generates almost all its revenue from its ride-hailing service.Lyft, though, appears to be growing more quickly.Here are four charts, based on company filings, that show how the two companies stack up.BookingsBookings are the revenue generated from rides. Lyft excludes taxes, tolls and tips, while Uber excludes tips. Uber’s bookings include what it charges for its food delivery service and other businesses.Not surprisingly, then, Lyft’s bookings are significantly lower that Uber’s, but they are growing faster.Lyft’s bookings surpassed $8 billion in 2018, 76 percent more than the previous year. Uber increased its bookings to $50 billion last year, up 45 percent from 2017.RevenueAt Lyft and Uber, revenue is the portion of bookings that goes to the companies — or, essentially, bookings minus what the drivers were paid.Revenue at both companies increased quickly in 2018, though faster at Lyft.Last year, Lyft’s revenue more than doubled from the previous year, to $2.16 billion. That was still far less than what its rival generated last year. Uber’s revenue hit $11.3 billion, a 43 percent increase.Perhaps worrisome for potential investors, Uber’s revenue growth slowed as last year progressed. In the third and fourth quarters, Uber’s revenue increased 38 percent and 25 percent from a year earlier. Lyft’s revenue for those quarters rose 93 percent and 94 percent.Earnings (Losses)Both companies are racking up big losses. In this case, Lyft’s faster pace is not a good thing.Lyft reported a loss of $911 million last year, up from $688 million in 2017. Uber earned $997 million last year, much better than its $4 billion loss in 2017, but that profit included income from the sale of some assets. After backing out those one-time items, Uber lost $1.8 billion last year.Costs and ExpensesThe ride-hailing business is inherently expensive. Both Lyft and Uber are spending heavily to recruit drivers and attract riders. They are also making big investments in new businesses such as autonomous driving and bike sharing.Lyft might be expanding its revenue faster than Uber, but it’s also increasing its spending at a rapid clip to catch up to its competitor.Lyft’s total costs and expenses were $3.1 billion in 2018, up 77 percent from $1.8 billion in 2017. Uber’s topped $14 billion last year, a 19 percent increase from 2017.TOKYO — Sony Corp shares surged more than 9 percent on Tuesday after a Reuters report saying Third Point LLC was again raising its stake in the Japanese conglomerate stoked speculation that fund owner Daniel Loeb was preparing to agitate for more change.Third Point, which has about $14.5 billion (£11 billion) in assets under management, is raising a dedicated investment vehicle targeting $500 million to $1 billion in capital to buy Sony shares, people familiar with the matter said.A Sony spokesman declined to comment on the report.Sony shares rallied 9.3 percent to a one-month high in Tokyo trade, recovering from a slump last month triggered by concern that its turnaround of recent years had lost momentum.The electronics and entertainment conglomerate had a market value of 6.7 trillion yen ($60 billion) at Tokyo's Tuesday close.The move would be Third Point's second campaign for change at Sony in six years, coming as investors look for the company's next profit pillar amid signs its gaming business is slowing and as its PlayStation 4 console nears the end of its lifecycle.Third Point wants Sony to explore options for some of its business units, including its movie studio, which the fund believes has attracted takeover interest, the sources said.Sony Chief Executive Kenichiro Yoshida sees movies, music and other intellectual property as central to stable revenue growth, having battled years of losses in consumer goods such as television sets that are more susceptible to price competition."I don't think a sale of the pictures business is an option for Sony now because entertainment content is becoming crucial for the company," Ace Securities analyst Hideki Yasuda said, pointing out synergies seen in the success of action game Marvel's Spider-Man and the related movie series."The profit margin at Sony's pictures business is thinner than rivals, but that's a result of past management decisions, including the sale of rights to Spider-Man merchandise."The business is on track to recover from a series of short-term measures that cost the company long-term profit, Yasuda said.Sony forecasts its pictures segment to report 50 billion yen in operating profit for the year ended March, less than a tenth of the estimated 870 billion yen profit for the entire company.Sony has recently downsized or exited several television channels within the pictures segment to cut costs, while scoring blockbuster hits such as 'Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle' and 'Venom'.Third Point last exited a stake in Sony in 2014 with a roughly 20 percent gain on its investment after spending a year and a half pushing for Sony to spin off its entertainment division, a call rejected by Yoshida's predecessor, Kazuo Hirai. (Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by Stephen Coates and Christopher Cushing)HONG KONG — News outlet Caixin Media Company Ltd, founded by one of China's most respected journalists, Hu Shuli, is seeking to raise up to $200 million (152.9 million pounds) in its latest funding round to finance growth, said two people with direct knowledge of the matter. The Beijing-based firm is looking to raise $100 million to $200 million with a target valuation of about $500 million prior to the funding round, said one of the people. Caixin, backed by tech giant Tencent Holdings Ltd and investment firm China Media Capital (CMC), plans to primarily use the proceeds to develop business-related technologies and finance expansion, said the second person.The dollar fundraising comes as Caixin, which has mostly raised yuan-denominated capital, looks to go public overseas in the coming two to three years, with Hong Kong the preferred listing venue, the person said.The people declined to be identified as the matter was private. Caixin declined to comment.Caixin, with its eponymous flagship magazine, has grown from a pure business publication to a comprehensive, influential media group in the world's second-largest economy. It mainly provides Chinese corporate, political and financial news and analysis, as well as publishing business data and indices, including the Caixin/Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index.Hu, widely seen as outspoken and well connected, established Caixin in 2009 after leaving her post as editor-in-chief at another well-known business publication, Caijing, where she had a high-profile tussle https://www.reuters.com/article/china-caijing-idUSPEK30961320091013 for control with the latter's owners.Under Hu's leadership, Caixin has attracted a devoted following among the country's policy makers, business leaders and academics. It also brought in CMC chief Li Ruigang, a Chinese media mogul, as its chairman following CMC's 2013 investment.China has seen rapid growth in the media industry in recent years, with its gross market value expected to reach 3 trillion yuan ($447 billion) by 2020, showed a report by Tsinghua University. The industry, however, has faced various challenges ranging from media censorship, copyright violation and disruption from non-traditional players such as news aggregator Toutiao.In 2017, Caixin became China's first mainstream media outlet to introduce a pay wall subscription model for its digital products, as part of efforts to protect content from copyright infringement and boost revenue.Its Chinese-language website has page views and unique visitors of 130 million and 50 million per month, respectively, said one of the sources.Last year, overseas English-language arm Caixin Global and private equity firm CITIC Capital bought financial information provider Global Markets Intelligence Division for $180.5 million. (Reporting by Julie Zhu; Additional reporting by Shu Zhang; Editing by Christopher Cushing)NEW YORK — James Forese, president and chief executive officer of Citigroup Inc's> institutional clients business, which contributed two-third's of the bank's profits last year, is retiring, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters.This would be the biggest departure from the executive team at the third largest U.S. bank since consumer banking head Manuel Medina-Mora left three years ago. The division fell short of some annual targets in 2018 and Forese was the only executive on the operating committee not to receive a raise for the year, according a recent filing. Citi said Forese, 56, decided to retire after 34 years at the company. He has told acquaintances he was frustrated and unhappy, sources told Reuters.Forese was the second highest earner at Citi after CEO Michael Corbat. His unit, which includes treasury services, the investment bank, corporate lending and capital markets, delivered 50 percent of revenues and more than two-thirds of profits to the bank last year. Forese, who began overseeing the business in 2011, will be replaced by Paco Ybarra, global head of markets and securities services."Jamie has played a critical role in cultivating a client-centric mindset across the firm and driving tangible changes to make it easier for our clients to do business with us,” Chief Executive Mike Corbat said in the memo. Ybarra will take over the division on May 1. Forese will stay through the summer to help with the transition. Forese spent his entire career at Citi. He came to the bank through Salomon Brothers, which he joined in 1985, and cut his teeth in the securities trading business, eventually working his way up to become head of the markets division.Forese sought to make the business more efficient by focusing on clients who benefited most from Citi's global structure and expertise, reducing the group's client total to under 14,000 from over 32,000. He also allocated more resources to emerging markets, which became a source of rapid, steady growth.Ybarra joined Citi in Spain as a management associate. He rose through the ranks, with stints in Mexico, New York, and Singapore where he focused on emerging markets. In his most recent role, Ybarra was based out of London.As deputy, Ybarra was focused on capital allocation and technology. He will oversee a recently restructured investment bank. In September, Citi merged its investment banking operations with its capital markets origination unit.The CEO of its Asia Pacific region, Francisco Aristeguieta, will leave the company later this month to pursue an external opportunity, Citi said. Chief Operating Officer for Citibank NA, Carey Lathrop, and the global head of G10 rates, markets, treasury and finance, Andy Morton, become co-heads of markets and securities services, filling Ybarra’s spot. (Reporting by Imani Moise and Aparajita Saxena; Editing by Shailesh Kuber and Jeffrey Benkoe)TOKYO — Sony Corp shares surged more than 7 percent on Tuesday after a Reuters report saying Third Point LLC was again raising its stake in the Japanese conglomerate stoked speculation that fund owner Daniel Loeb was preparing to agitate for more change.Third Point, which has about $14.5 billion in assets under management, is raising a dedicated investment vehicle targeting $500 million to $1 billion in capital to buy Sony shares, people familiar with the matter said.A Sony spokesman declined to comment on the report.Sony shares rallied to a three-week high at the start of Tokyo trade, recovering from a slump last month triggered by concern that its turnaround of recent years had lost momentum.The electronics and entertainment conglomerate had a market value of 6.1 trillion yen ($55 billion) at Tokyo's Monday close.The move would be Third Point's second campaign for change at Sony in six years, coming as investors look for the company's next profit pillar amid signs its gaming business is slowing and as its PlayStation 4 console nears the end of its lifecycle.Third Point wants Sony to explore options for some of its business units, including its movie studio, which the fund believes has attracted takeover interest, the sources said.Sony Chief Executive Kenichiro Yoshida sees movies, music and other intellectual property as central to stable revenue growth, having battled years of losses in consumer goods such as television sets that are more susceptible to price competition."I don't think a sale of the pictures business is an option for Sony now because entertainment content is becoming crucial for the company," Ace Securities analyst Hideki Yasuda said, pointing out synergies seen in the success of action game Marvel's Spider-Man and the related movie series."The profit margin at Sony's pictures business is thinner than rivals, but that's a result of past management decisions, including the sale of rights to Spider-Man merchandise."The business is on track to recover from a series of short-term measures that cost the company long-term profit, Yasuda said.Sony forecasts its pictures segment to report 50 billion yen ($450 million) in operating profit for the year ended March, less than a tenth of the estimated 870 billion yen profit for the entire company.Sony has recently downsized or exited several television channels within the pictures segment to cut costs, while scoring blockbuster hits such as 'Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle' and 'Venom'.Third Point last exited a stake in Sony in 2014 with a roughly 20 percent gain on its investment after spending a year and a half pushing for Sony to spin off its entertainment division, a call rejected by Yoshida's predecessor, Kazuo Hirai. (Reporting by Makiko Yamazaki; Editing by Stephen Coates and Christopher Cushing)Michael Petrovitch is planning to sell Puerto Rican food at a new market on Manhattan’s Lower East Side close to where he was born, and he couldn’t be more excited. Mr. Petrovitch has agreed to take 310 square feet of space at the Market Line, a marketplace of global foods that is expected to open in June as part of Essex Crossing, a $1.6 billion mixed-use development at Essex and Delancey Streets. He and his daughter Lillian will be serving roast pork sandwiches, plantains and other Puerto Rican specialties alongside Chinese fishmongers, German sausage makers and other vendors that have been selected for the quality of their food and the size of their locally based businesses.“When Market Line saw my request to be a vendor, they immediately jumped on board with me,” said Mr. Petrovitch, 54, who works in the music industry. “I’m opening up a business in the neighborhood where I have lived for 50-plus years, and I feel that I’m very lucky.”Vendors like Mr. Petrovitch are essential to plans by the developer, Delancey Street Associates, to create a market populated by small, local businesses rather than chains or franchises. The project seeks to evoke the teeming environment of immigrants and pushcarts that characterized the Lower East Side starting in the 19th century.“It’s really just an evolution,” said Rohan Mehra, principal of the Prusik Group, one of the partners on the project. “We’re not trying to do something new here, we’re just trying to reflect what has been, transitioning through history.”At 1.65 million square feet, Essex Crossing is one of the largest developments in the city. After tenements on the site were razed in 1967, it sat empty for decades while city officials, community representatives, developers and lawmakers fought over its future. In 2013, plans were finally announced for a development that would include a mix of commercial space, luxury condominiums and affordable housing. Other features include a senior center, a museum, a public park, a bowling alley and a multiplex. Delancey Street Associates is an alliance that three builders — Taconic Investment Partners, L&M Development Partners and BFC Partners — formed to build the commercial and residential properties. Goldman Sachs and the Prusik Group are also partners in the Essex Crossing project. Three months before the market’s planned opening, 25 of the 30 vendor slots in the first phase of a larger plan have been taken. Almost 80 percent are owned by women, minorities or first-generation immigrants, consistent with the developers’ aims.The developers have attracted small businesses to the marketplace in part by providing services like trash collection, air-conditioning and shared bathrooms without charging separately for any of them, cutting tenants’ costs and allowing them to focus on their food and their customers.The services have allowed entrepreneurs like Mr. Petrovitch to open a business in a city where start-up costs can be prohibitive.Mr. Petrovitch said he could not have afforded to open a regular retail space in Manhattan. He briefly considered a site on Houston Street where he would have paid $150,000 upfront for a five-year lease, and would then have had to pay to renovate the space.At the Market Line, he is paying for kitchen equipment, a city licensing fee and some aesthetic touches for his new space, but he will not have to worry about major construction like building walls or drop ceilings.When the new businesses open, they will join 21 existing vendors from the adjacent Essex Street Market, a city-run site that was set up in 1940 by the administration of Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia to take pushcarts off the streets. The Essex Street vendors are expected to move to the ground floor of the new market site this spring, while the new businesses will occupy the lower level.Megha Chopra, assistant vice president of New York’s Economic Development Corporation, predicted that the combined market would attract regular Essex Street customers as well as new shoppers and tourists drawn by the new businesses.“We have our own customer base that was nurtured and cultivated over the years, and a lot of those people will still come to Essex,” Ms. Chopra said. “With this development, there will also be a lot of New York City tourists or international tourists. There will be this incremental customer base coming through the market.”The first phase of the Market Line is nearly complete. In the next phase, the space will be extended beneath two new office buildings, and the full market is expected to open in late 2020.When fully occupied, the market will have more than 140 vendors, including new and existing tenants. The completed market will be a 150,000-square-foot space below ground that will also include galleries, art shops and a beer hall.A few floors above, construction is proceeding on office space that will total 350,000 square feet in the two buildings. The first is expected to be complete in the summer of 2020, and the second about six months later.The Essex Crossing project will also include 1,079 apartments, of which 152 will be condominiums. Half of the rental units will be affordable.Charles R. Bendit, a co-chief executive of Taconic Investment Partners, said the new offices would provide large open spaces — floor plates range from 35,000 square feet to 52,000 square feet — that are designed to facilitate collaboration in the workplace.The offices will avoid the siloed approach to corporate space that characterized earlier generations. “Today, it’s a much more collaborative, social experience,” he said.Mr. Bendit said he expected the office space to rent in the “high $90s” per square foot. And he predicted it would attract employers that want to hire young people looking to work in an environment with access to good transit service and closer links to the community rather than a more corporate location like Midtown Manhattan.The integration of Essex Crossing with its neighborhood is consistent with the aims of the Essex Crossing Task Force, a panel of community board members, elected officials and former site tenants that was set up to guide the development after decades of disagreement over what to do with the empty site.The task force wanted to protect current vendors in Essex Street Market while providing incubator space for new local businesses, said Gigi Li, a former chairwoman of the community board. It also blocked “big box” stores by denying any business that would take more than 30,000 square feet, she said.“Because the scale of this development was so large, we didn’t want it to become a large retail corridor,” she said. “We wanted something that would fit the very residential nature of the neighborhood.” Fernando Ruiz, a local entrepreneur, wanted to add a restaurant to his wholesale and retail operation, Tortilleria Nixtamal, which makes fresh tortillas in two locations in Corona, Queens. Expanding to the Market Line helped him meet that goal. Mr. Ruiz said he could not have afforded to open his own store in Manhattan, but the assistance provided in the Market Line allowed him to do business there. He will be paying $12,000 a month for 600 square feet in the new space, which he hopes will become his flagship store.His move is the result of the approach by Delancey Street Associates, which decided that his business would be a good fit for the new market.“They said, ‘We want you to pick this up and move it to Manhattan,’” Mr. Ruiz said. “I’m really proud that they picked us.”The United States economy is still humming, if the performance of some of the country’s biggest banks is any indication.JPMorgan Chase and PNC Financial Services Group both reported strong performances on Friday for the first three months of 2019, including revenue that was higher than Wall Street analysts had expected. The banks’ results suggested that events like the government shutdown in January and President Trump’s trade war with China had little impact on large swaths of American businesses and consumers.JPMorgan said its revenue from providing banking services to consumers and businesses was 15 percent higher than a year earlier. The growth stemmed in part from the bank’s credit card business.The economy’s growth “could go on for years,” JPMorgan’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon, said on a conference call Friday. “There’s no law that says it has to stop.”PNC, a large regional bank based in Pittsburgh, also reported lending more to both consumers and businesses in the first quarter.“We remain confident about the strength of the economy,” said PNC’s chief executive, William S. Demchak.Other major banks — including Bank of America and Citigroup — will report their quarterly performances early next week, which will provide an additional barometer of the country’s economic growth.Ross Levine, a banking and finance professor at the University of California, Berkeley, cautioned against drawing too many economic conclusions from the bank’s rosy finances. He said the potentially negative impact of things like the trade war with China “might not have materialized yet in earnings.”Wells Fargo also surprised analysts on Friday with higher-than-expected earnings. But the bank achieved the results by cutting costs, while lending in many parts of its business declined. Wells Fargo is still grappling with its long run of misconduct, which led regulators to prohibit the bank from expanding until it cleaned up its act. Last month, the continued problems led to the abrupt resignation of the bank’s chief executive, Timothy J. Sloan.Wells Fargo’s chief financial officer, John R. Shrewsberry, told Wall Street analysts on Friday that the bank had been getting rid of riskier loans, which partly explained the decline in lending volumes.JPMorgan’s stock price rose nearly 5 percent on Friday, while PNC’s was up 3 percent. Wells Fargo shares were down more than 2 percent.As the country’s largest bank, JPMorgan in many ways provides the clearest snapshot of the health of the United States economy. The bank has $956 billion in outstanding consumer and wholesale loans, up from $934 billion a year ago.That growth was consistent with Federal Reserve data this week that showed that consumers were continuing to borrow more, in particular through increased credit card spending. Greater reliance on credit cards and other debt can be a sign of financial stress, but Fed officials and JPMorgan executives greeted the increased borrowing as a sign of consumer confidence.One blemish in JPMorgan’s results was in its investment-banking division. The bank’s revenue from the buying and selling of stocks, bonds and other assets declined 17 percent from a year earlier, which JPMorgan attributed in part to the shutdown of the federal government.The game of thrones at NBCUniversal has begun.The company on Monday announced a series of executive changes that could set the stage for the next generation of leaders at a media empire that includes the NBC broadcast network; Universal Film Studios; and cable channels such as Bravo and MSNBC, which has seen a ratings surge during the Trump administration.Stephen B. Burke, the chief executive, streamlined the management structure by putting Jeff Shell in charge of Hollywood operations, including the international business and Telemundo, and having Mark Lazarus oversee the broadcast network, the news division, the cable networks and the sports group.Bonnie Hammer, 68, the longtime head of the company’s profitable cable portfolio, has been put in charge of an advertising-supported streaming service that was announced Monday and is expected to debut early next year. It will compete with new stand-alone streaming products from the Walt Disney Company and AT&T’s WarnerMedia, as well as entrenched players like Netflix and Hulu. Disney’s and WarnerMedia’s products are expected to debut at the end of this year.Many in the industry interpreted the moves as Mr. Burke’s positioning a showdown between Mr. Lazarus and Mr. Shell to be his possible successor. Effectively, Mr. Burke, 60, has set up an East Coast and West Coast divide: Mr. Lazarus will control much of the company from NBC’s operations in New York and Stamford, Conn., and Mr. Shell will take over the Hollywood assets from Burbank, Calif.“Mark and Jeff, I think, are two of the most capable people in the entertainment business,” Mr. Burke said in an interview in his offices at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in Manhattan. “Everyone has been very supportive of each other. It was just time.”As for what the moves mean for Mr. Burke’s future, he added, “I’m not going anywhere.”Mr. Burke was appointed the head of NBCUniversal in 2011 after Comcast completed its acquisition of the media giant. At the time, over 20 executives reported directly to him. The latest changes will bring that number down to 12.“We can move faster now,” he said.Mr. Lazarus, 55, has been the head of NBC Sports since 2011, when he replaced Dick Ebersol. He will now oversee NBC News, MSNBC and the moneymaking cable portfolio that includes Bravo, USA and the E! network. Andrew Lack, the NBC News chairman, will report to Mr. Lazarus.Mr. Shell, 53, will continue to oversee the film division and also have control of NBC Entertainment as well as the international division and Telemundo. The NBC Entertainment co-chairmen Paul Telegdy and George Cheeks, who replaced Robert Greenblatt in September, will report to Mr. Shell. Before coming to NBC Universal in 2013, Mr. Shell was an executive in Comcast’s programming group.The move to streaming will be a big one for Ms. Hammer, who joined Universal three decades ago. She has overseen many of NBC’s profitable cable properties for several years, and is one of the most powerful women in television.Mr. Burke said that he had considered executives from outside the ranks to run the streaming business, but that Ms. Hammer was “the right person.”“She didn’t hesitate,” he added.She will be joined by two executives from Sky, the British pay-TV operator that Comcast won in a bidding war with Disney last year. Sky is primarily known as a satellite broadcaster, but it has developed a robust streaming service that runs across several European territories. NBCUniversal hopes to take advantage of their experience.Jumping into streaming has become the go-to strategy for established media businesses. Disney bought most of Rupert Murdoch’s 21st Century Fox business with the idea that it would start selling shows and films directly to consumers. AT&T bought Time Warner for the same purpose. As more people cut their cable subscriptions, streaming services are taking a share of that business.But NBCUniversal is taking a two-sided approach that aims to keep the cable business intact. The ad-supported product will be free to anyone who has a cable or satellite account, but for cord cutters there will be a pay option.NEW YORK/FRANKFURT — German stock exchange operator Deutsche Boerse AG said on Wednesday that it is in “concrete negotiations” with data provider Refinitiv about the potential acquisition of certain foreign exchange business units.The statement came after Reuters reported that Deutsche Boerse was in talks to buy FXall, a foreign exchange electronic trading platform owned by Refinitiv, for about $3.5 billion (£2.7 billion), citing people familiar with the matter."The negotiations and assessments of a potential transaction are ongoing," Deutsche Boerse said in a statement.However, it said that "the purchase price of $3.5 billion and the imminent signing of binding contracts mentioned in the market speculations are entirely unfounded." Should a deal be consummated, it would further diversify Deutsche Boerse's business beyond stock trading, while enabling Refinitiv to trim its debt pile following its acquisition last year by a consortium led by Blackstone Group LP in a $20-billion leveraged buyout.Refinitiv did not immediately respond to a request for comment.FXall has more than 2,300 institutional clients that are trading foreign exchange on its platform, offering more than 500 different currency pairs through methods including on-the-spot trading, forward and option contracts, according to its website.Deutsche Boerse, operator of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, has been seeking new avenues for growth, as the profitability of facilitating trades is eroded by new digital rivals and the rise of passive investment funds that track indices.On Tuesday, Deutsche Boerse announced it would buy risk management software provider Axioma for $850 million, with plans to merge it with its existing index business to create a new analytics firm.Deutsche Boerse's global head of FX, Carlo Koelzer, was quoted by the Handelsblatt business daily on April 1 saying that the firm would be interested in buying FXall, should it ever come up for sale.Blackstone acquired a 55 percent stake in Refinitiv last year from information provider Thomson Reuters Corp, the parent of Reuters News. Thomson Reuters retains a 45 percent stake in Refinitiv, which provides financial information, security pricing, analytics, risk management and compliance support tools. Refinitiv took on $13.5 billion in debt as part of its leveraged buyout, according to Moody's Investors Service Inc. (Reporting by David French in New York and Andreas Framke and Arno Schuetze in Frankfurt; Additional reporting by Rama Venkat in Bengaluru; Editing by Nick Zieminski and Leslie Adler)DETROIT — Ford CEO Jim Hackett is hoping for balance and stability in what is now an unstable tariff environment.Hackett says businesses want equilibrium on tariffs, and President Donald Trump is working hard on that as his administration negotiates trade deals. Trump has threatened to slap tariffs on imported autos, singling out China, Europe and recently Mexico.The Ford CEO told the Detroit Economic Club Tuesday that trade with the U.S. is one-sided and needs to be modernized. He expects to see the matter resolved this year.Hackett also says Ford will be ready for the next recession as it restructures to make its business more fit. The company is currently shifting away from sedans in the U.S. and cutting thousands of white-collar jobs.BRUSSELS — The European Commission said on Friday it had approved Japanese firm Nidec's planned purchase of U.S. white goods maker Whirlpool Corp's compressor subsidiary Embraco, subject to conditions.Nidec, a Japanese electric motor manufacturer, agreed a year ago to buy Brazil-based Embraco for an enterprise value of $1.08 billion.The Commission said that the deal as notified would have reduced competition and resulted in higher prices given that Nidec and Embraco were close competitors.The Commission said it was satisfied with Nidec's subsequent commitments to divest its refrigeration compressor business for both household and light commercial applicationsIt also committed to make available to the purchaser of this divested business significant funding for future investments in the production lines in Austria and Slovakia.  (Reporting by Philip Blenkinsop; editing by Foo Yun Chee)CHICAGO — U.S. grain trader Archer Daniels Midland Co said on Wednesday it will seek voluntary early retirements by some North American employees and may eliminate individual jobs as part of a restructuring of specific areas.The actions are needed to strengthen ADM's core business and establish the company as a global leader in nutrition, the company said in a statement.ADM makes money trading, processing and transporting crops, such as corn, soybeans and wheat. It competes against other merchants in the so-called "ABCD" group of traders, which also includes Bunge Ltd, Cargill Inc and Louis Dreyfus Co.Such companies have been rattled by the trade war between Washington and Beijing, which has reduced shipments of American farm products to China. In recent years, a global glut of crops also hurt agricultural companies and accelerated consolidation in the sector.The voluntary early retirements are among a range of actions ADM is taking between now and June 30 to improve productivity, growth and service to customers, according to the company. In response to questions from Reuters, company spokeswoman Jackie Anderson declined to say how many employees were being targeted for retirement. "Contrary to rumors, we are not considering a sale of our grain handling business," she said.ADM expects the number of workers whose jobs are eliminated to be a very small percentage of its global workforce, Anderson said. The company, which had 31,600 full-time employees as of Dec. 31, will try to find other roles for those workers, she said. Chicago-based ADM said it will be realigning its "organization worldwide as we further streamline and standardize processes, implement new technologies and eliminate overlap in roles and responsibilities."The company has been trying to sell two U.S. dry ethanol mills since 2016. ADM Chief Executive Juan Luciano told Reuters in January the company was pursuing growth in its nutrition business through smaller acquisitions and potential joint ventures in agricultural processing and other areas.The company's nutrition unit manufactures, sells and distributes natural flavor ingredients and other specialty products. The segment posted an operating profit of $339 million last year, compared to $546 million for its origination business, which includes grain handling.ADM last month warned that flooding and severe winter weather in the U.S. Midwest would trim its first-quarter operating profit by $50 million to $60 million.The company is due to report earnings on April 26. (Reporting by Tom Polansek; editing by Tom Brown and G Crosse)MOSCOW — Russian investigators have asked a court in Moscow to free detained U.S. investor Michael Calvey from custody at a hearing later this week and to place him under house arrest instead, the court said on Wednesday. The detention in February of Calvey, founder of the Baring Vostok private equity group, on embezzlement charges which he denies, has rattled some foreign investors and politicians in Russia, who said it had a chilling effect on the business climate. Russian courts agree in most cases with prosecutors' recommendations about whether suspects should be detained before trial, so there is a strong possibility Calvey will be allowed out of jail on Thursday. The court said in a statement that investigators had submitted documents ahead of court hearings on Thursday in which they asked for Calvey and another detained suspect, Alexey Kordichev, to be put under house arrest. That is a U-turn by investigators, who brought the charges against Calvey and his co-accused and had initially asked the court to hold them in detention pending trial. They are in a pre-trial detention facility in Moscow. "We also look forward to similar (calls) being made regarding Michael and Alexey's four colleagues," Baring Vostok said in a statement welcoming the move by investigators. Calvey, who was detained along with several other executives, has said the case is being used to apply pressure on him in a business dispute over a Russian bank in which he is a shareholder.Moscow's Basmanny district court on Tuesday extended by three months the detention of another suspect in the case, French national Philippe Delpal, at the request of prosecutors. A hearing is scheduled for Thursday at the same court to decide on whether Calvey's detention should be extended.Several prominent Russian businessmen and officials have said that locking Calvey up in pre-trial detention was an unnecessarily tough measure and that his treatment by authorities was too harsh."The investment and business communities welcome the call by the Investigative Committee...to ease the restrictive measures against... Michael Calvey," Kirill Dmitriev, head of Russia's sovereign wealth fund, said. Boris Titov, presidential commissioner for entrepreneurs' rights, said last month that he and other business associations were working to try to get Calvey freed on bail.The Kremlin has said President Vladimir Putin does not plan to intervene in the case and that investigators should be allowed to do their job. (Additional reporting by Maria Kiselyova, Gabrielle Tétrault-Farber and Andrey Ostroukh; Editing by Christian Lowe)As politicians across the country demand a change in Virginia’s embattled leadership, business leaders are largely sticking to the sidelines.Leading Virginia business groups have stopped short of calling for the resignation of the state’s top three elected officials, all embroiled in personal scandals. Most corporate executives have avoided weighing in at all.And there is no sign that the furor is scaring off investment: Amazon is reportedly wavering in its commitment to open a complex for thousands of workers in New York, where the internet giant has faced opposition, but it has sent no signals about backing out of expansion plans in Northern Virginia.“I’d be very surprised to see business leaders and C.E.O.s weigh in on impeachment proceedings or calls to resign,” said Aaron Chatterji, a Duke University professor who has studied executives’ political interventions. “It’s more seen as an internal Virginia decision.”That reaction stands in contrast to what happened when North Carolina passed a law in 2016 that was widely criticized as discriminating against transgender people. In that case, companies including PayPal and CoStar, a real estate research firm, canceled planned projects in the state, the National Collegiate Athletic Association refused to hold events there, and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and other groups organized economic boycotts.Business and consumer groups deployed similar tactics in recent years to fight a “religious freedom” law in Indiana that critics said could be used to discriminate against gay couples and an Arizona law that cracked down on unauthorized immigrants. Such organizations also successfully pushed South Carolina to remove the Confederate flag from the grounds of its statehouse.Those cases, however, involved state laws or policies that affected companies’ customers and employees. Virginia’s struggle involves individual behavior — albeit the behavior of three top elected officials. Gov. Ralph Northam has admitted darkening his face with shoe polish to impersonate Michael Jackson in the 1980s. Attorney General Mark Herring said he, too, had worn blackface as a college student. And Lt. Gov. Justin Fairfax has been accused by two women of sexual assault, charges he denies.Derrick Johnson, president of the N.A.A.C.P., said there was a “huge distinction” between the issues in Virginia and those in other states. He has called on Mr. Northam to resign, but the organization hasn’t urged members to avoid the state or to punish businesses based there.“Individual acts, the response to that should be individual accountability,” he said. “State actions, the response there is in fact state accountability.”Mr. Johnson wouldn’t rule out a boycott in the future if Mr. Northam stayed in office. If such a boycott developed, or if businesses in the state began to struggle financially, it could increase pressure on Mr. Northam and Mr. Fairfax to resign, and on legislators to remove them. A 2017 study found that local politicians were more likely to support removing Confederate flags from public spaces when the issue was framed as an economic concern.Analysts said there was little reason to expect the political disarray to derail a strong state economy. Virginia came through the recession better than most states, in part because it benefited more than other places from federal stimulus spending during the downturn, and now boasts one of the lowest unemployment rates in the nation, at 2.8 percent in December. In some Washington suburbs in the northern part of the state, the unemployment rate is below 2 percent.The state has a triple-A bond rating, a history of fiscal responsibility and a longstanding reputation for business friendliness.“They’ve done a very good job of managing their fiscal affairs, and that’s been true across both Democratic and Republican governments for a while now,” said Eric Kim, who analyzes the state’s finances for Fitch, the bond ratings agency.Mr. Kim noted that past controversies involving governors had not affected state economies or bond ratings. Missouri, for example, didn’t suffer economically when Eric Greitens faced a series of sex and campaign-finance scandals that led to his resignation. Even the uproar over the North Carolina “bathroom bill,” though it cost business, had only a modest economic impact on the state.“State governments, even if there’s a controversy or turnover at the highest level, the machinery of state government continues to function,” Mr. Kim said. “Tax revenue continues to come in, and states continue to operate.”Sure enough, Mr. Northam last week signed a bill promising tax incentives to Amazon for its planned campus in the state. He did so in private, without the public ceremony and photo opportunity that often accompany such actions. But it was nonetheless a sign that the leadership crisis hasn’t derailed the basic operations of state government.Tom Stringer, head of site selection for the consulting firm BDO, said that he wasn’t surprised to see the Amazon deal still moving forward, and that the turmoil was unlikely to cause companies to avoid the state. Virginia, he noted, limits governors to a single four-year term, meaning businesses are used to turnover in the executive branch. Investment decisions are based on a longer time frame, he said.“I don’t think this will really have an effect,” Mr. Stringer said. “From a business development standpoint, this really seems like an anomaly.”Still, the episode could have longer-run implications. Virginia in recent years has worked to move past its history as the capital of the Confederacy and to promote its young, educated and diverse work force. The deadly white nationalist rally in Charlottesville in 2017 was an unwelcome reminder of the state’s history. The recent controversy is a further setback, said Ravi Perry, chairman of the political science department at Virginia Commonwealth University.“All of this drama distracts from the multiple other kinds of success that we can point to,” Mr. Perry said. “There’s always an economic effect when states have negative political news that is longstanding.”Gregory B. Fairchild, a professor at the University of Virginia’s business school, said both the violence in Charlottesville and the current upheaval could give some young people pause about moving to the state. In theory, that could affect companies’ decisions as well, particularly at a time when employers are struggling to find talented workers. But he doubted that the scandals would have a measurable effect on Virginia’s economy.“If someone were really thinking about moving to the state of Virginia, I’m not sure that this is the thing that causes them not to move,” Mr. Fairchild said.WASHINGTON — The government shutdown and a late-year slump in the stock market have eroded Americans’ optimism for the economy and support for President Trump’s economic policies, new surveys show.The decline in confidence is widespread — among Democrats and Republicans, high and low earners — and it suggests mounting danger for Mr. Trump and the economic expansion that he claims as a strong point of his presidency. Sustained drops in confidence often signal dampened consumer spending in the months ahead, and can be the precursor to broader economic downturns.On Friday, the University of Michigan’s consumer sentiment index fell to the lowest point of the Trump presidency, well below forecasters’ expectations. Analysts attributed the drop largely to the partial government shutdown, which has entered its fifth week.Economic confidence also fell, across nearly all demographic groups, in a poll conducted this month for The New York Times by the online research firm SurveyMonkey.“If you have that many people in the economy that are not getting paychecks, are not able to pay their rent, pay their mortgages, there’s going to be a broad macroeconomic impact,” said Kevin Stay, a 27-year-old survey respondent in Pittsburgh. “That’ll affect everything. It’ll ripple through the economy.”Business groups on Friday called on the president and Congress to reopen the government immediately.“The current shutdown — now the longest in American history — is causing significant and in some cases lasting damage to families, businesses and the economy as a whole,” the groups wrote in a letter posted on the website of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.The SurveyMonkey poll found that Americans remained relatively upbeat about their personal finances, particularly Democrats and independents, whose assessment of their family’s economic situation has brightened since the November elections. But a wide swath of respondents reported increasing worries about the economy over all.Nearly a third of respondents to the poll said the United States economy was worse off than it was a year earlier. That’s up from fewer than a quarter of respondents in January 2018. And respondents were nearly as likely to say the next five years will bring “periods of widespread unemployment or depression” as “continuous good times economically.” As recently as November, optimists outnumbered pessimists on that question by more than 10 percentage points.The Michigan survey found something similar: Respondents were still fairly positive about the current economy but were far more negative about the future.Mr. Stay works for a technology company and hasn’t suffered personally from the standoff between Mr. Trump and Democrats in Congress. But he said the shutdown had nonetheless made him more cautious. He recently moved home from Colorado and is living with family; he had intended to get his own apartment, but he has delayed those plans partly because of the uncertainty surrounding the shutdown.“You’re not going to go out and make a major purchase if you’re worried the economy’s about to take a major downturn,” Mr. Stay said. “I work in sales. My income is pretty directly tied to how the whole economy is doing.”By most conventional measures, the economy is still doing well. The unemployment rate is near a five-decade low, wage growth is accelerating, and overall economic growth in 2018 was on track to be the strongest since before the 2008-9 recession.But cracks had begun to show even before the shutdown idled hundreds of thousands of federal workers shortly before Christmas. The stock market dropped precipitously late in the year as investors became concerned about the effects of a trade war with China, among other factors, and the housing market has slowed. Many economists had already expected growth to slow in 2019 as the effects of the tax cuts that took effect last year begin to wane.Those fears seemed to have little effect on consumers, whose spending powered a strong holiday shopping season and fueled economic growth for much of last year. Any hints that consumers are growing jittery are worrisome, said Stephen Stanley, chief economist for Amherst Pierpont Securities.“The consumer’s really the star of the show right now, and if you were to see any signs of a break there, it would be significant,” Mr. Stanley said.Downturns in consumer sentiment don’t always translate into cutbacks in actual spending. And past shutdowns haven’t done lasting damage to either confidence or spending. Jim O’Sullivan, the chief United States economist for High Frequency Economics, wrote in a research note that the Michigan index also fell in 2013, then bounced back quickly when the government reopened. But he cautioned that the current shutdown had already outlasted any previous one.Adding to the challenge for forecasters, the shutdown has stopped the release of much government economic data. The Commerce Department, for example, was scheduled to release retail sales figures for December e this week; that report has been put off indefinitely.“Disentangling what is temporary effects and what is the underlying trend becomes that much more difficult,” said Brett Ryan, an economist with Deutsche Bank in New York. “It just adds more uncertainty during a period when the market’s already skittish.”In the absence of much hard evidence, economists have been left guessing about the shutdown’s impact. White House economists this week doubled their estimate of the damage being inflicted. The Council of Economic Advisers said the shutdown would reduce quarterly economic growth by 0.13 percentage points for every week that it lasted as federal contractors lost out on work and government employees went without pay.Some analysts see even bigger potential effects: Deutsche Bank estimated on Thursday that in the worst case, the economy could contract in the first quarter because of an extended shutdown.Portions of the surveys offered a pointed political warning to Mr. Trump. In the span of a year of SurveyMonkey polling, the president has lost much of the approval he enjoyed with Americans on economic policy. Nearly as many respondents now say his policies are making the economy worse as say they are making the economy better. A year ago, Mr. Trump held a seven-percentage-point advantage on that question.As a retiree in Arizona, Pat Cafferata hasn’t felt the effects of the shutdown firsthand. And although she watches the markets with interest, she said she wasn’t too worried that an economic slowdown would force her to make a major change to her way of life.But she is worried about the people who are missing paychecks, and about the larger effects of a prolonged shutdown. She pointed to reports that past shutdowns ended up costing taxpayers more than keeping the government open.“That is such a waste of money in an era when we don’t have enough money to waste on things like that,” she said.A former advertising executive, Ms. Cafferata, 74, viewed the shutdown through a business lens.“Any government shutdown is a reflection of poor management,” she said. “You don’t run a business this way, and to run a country this way is just terrible.”WASHINGTON — President Trump is getting exactly what he wants on the economy, but it may not last.The Federal Reserve has abruptly stopped its march toward higher interest rates, as Mr. Trump demanded. The tax cuts he signed in late 2017 are in full swing. His attempt to rewrite the global rules of trade are underway, and he proclaims himself happy with the array of new tariffs he has imposed. His recent comments suggest he is unconcerned about slowdowns in China and Europe, which he considers economic rivals.But while Mr. Trump points with pride to last year’s economic growth and promises even faster growth to come, there are signs that his most dependable talking point is eroding. On Thursday, the Commerce Department issued a downward revision of its estimates for economic growth in the fourth quarter, pushing one measure of the full year’s growth down as well.Forecasters outside the White House, including officials at the Fed, expect growth to slow even more this year. Economic data suggests that slowdown is already underway in the first quarter. Manufacturing is losing some of its steam from last year’s rapid growth, and job creation is also moderating. Chief executives of some of the nation’s biggest companies see investment, hiring and sales growth all slowing this year. Three-quarters of business economists say they are more worried about growth undershooting their forecasts than overshooting it, and half have revised those forecasts downward for this year.White House officials see growth staying above 3 percent for the next few years — and potentially for an entire decade, provided Mr. Trump can continue carrying out his economic agenda, including another round of tax cuts, a $1 trillion infrastructure plan and additional deregulation.“The economy is roaring,” Mr. Trump said on Thursday night at a rally in Grand Rapids, Mich. “Our country has never done better economically.”Mr. Trump’s re-election could hinge on whether he is right about the economy, and nearly every other forecaster is wrong. If Mr. Trump is correct and growth surges again, he will enter 2020 with arguably the strongest economic record of any incumbent president facing re-election since Bill Clinton in 1996. But if he is wrong and the economy cools, Mr. Trump will have no one to credibly blame — and few places to turn for another jolt of stimulus if the United States slides into an economic contraction or recession.The Democrats who control the House have no desire to pass another round of tax cuts. The Fed, which has slowly raised rates to a range of 2.25 to 2.5 percent, has relatively few tools available to help lift the economy from a sharp downturn. Some Fed officials have begun to warn that they might need to cut interest rates later this year — further reducing the Fed’s ammunition to fight a recession — if growth disappoints.“At the moment, the risks from the downside scenarios loom larger than those from the upside ones,” Charles Evans, the president of the Chicago Fed, said Monday in Hong Kong. “If activity softens more than expected or if inflation and inflation expectations run too low, then policy may have to be left on hold — or perhaps even loosened.”Last week Mr. Trump again raised his bet on his ability to fuel a continuing boom in growth. He said he would nominate Stephen Moore, an architect of his campaign economic platform and a fellow critic of the Fed’s recent interest rate increases, to a seat on the Fed’s board of governors. If confirmed, Mr. Moore would become the first unabashed Trump loyalist on the board, and he would press officials to reduce rates in hopes of pushing annual growth to 4 percent.On Thursday, the Commerce Department said the economy slowed more sharply at the end of last year than previously reported, revising its estimate of fourth-quarter growth to 2.2 percent from 2.6 percent because of weaker spending by consumers and state and local governments, among other factors.Growth for the full year — as measured from the fourth quarter of 2017 to the fourth quarter of 2018 — stands at 3.0 percent, down a bit from the initially reported 3.1 percent but still enough to allow Mr. Trump to claim to have achieved the first year of 3 percent growth since 2005. (That claim is somewhat misleading. Year-over-year growth has topped 3 percent several times in recent years, but not in the fourth quarter. An alternative measure of full-year growth for 2018, based on comparing calendar-year averages, was unrevised at 2.9 percent.)While Mr. Trump continues to predict robust growth, he is already trying to pin blame for any slowdown on the Fed, rather than any of his own policies.“We’re doing a good job,” he said in an interview last week on Fox Business Network. “And I think we have tremendous momentum right now. And you’re right, the world is slowing, but we’re not slowing.”He added that, “if we didn’t have somebody that would raise interest rates and do quantitative tightening,” we would have been at over 4 percent growth.Fifty-six percent of Americans approve of Mr. Trump’s handling of the economy, Gallup reports, the highest mark of his term and the best for a president since Barack Obama registered the same rating in March 2009. Surveys of consumer confidence remain strong, including a confidence index conducted for The New York Times by the online research firm SurveyMonkey, which has gained strength since Mr. Trump took office.Unemployment has dipped to 3.8 percent. Inflation remains subdued, and wage growth is accelerating.White House economists say the tax cuts Mr. Trump signed in 2017, for businesses and individuals, deserve much of the credit for the economy’s performance — and that they will deliver another strong year of investment and hiring in 2019.“Some folks have said that, ‘Oh, sure, we did have 3 percent growth, but that was a sugar high,’” Kevin Hassett, the chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers, said last week.“And our view is that it’s really not a sugar high at all,” he continued. “A sugar high would be: We spent a lot of money on Twinkies and now we are sorry we ate all those Twinkies, and we don’t have money left. But this is — we actually cut taxes to encourage people to build new factories. And we had new factories last year. We’re going to get more new factories this year, but we’re also going to get the output from the factories we built last year as they turn them on.”Outside economists are more pessimistic, citing drags on growth from Mr. Trump’s trade policies, slowdowns abroad and a fading consumer spending boost from the tax cuts. Fed officials said this week that their median prediction is now for 2.1 percent growth for the year. Their projections also foresee no interest rate increases in 2019 — down from a forecast of two in December and in line with Mr. Trump’s desire to halt rate increases — and officials announced they would end the reduction of their asset purchase program sooner than markets had expected.“I don’t believe there’s a lot of room for criticism if you believe the Fed should be easy this year — they are,” said Ellen Zentner, chief United States economist at Morgan Stanley. “The Fed has completely removed themselves from the equation, both in their rates path and their balance sheet.”Ms. Zentner forecasts 1.7 percent growth this year, largely as a result of slowing investment growth. That would mark a return to the Obama-era growth levels that Mr. Trump has said are now over.Mr. Trump could possibly influence the growth path on his own this year, positively or negatively. He could reach a trade agreement with China, bolstering business certainty and removing tariffs that have hurt American companies and consumers. He could also end tariffs on imported steel and aluminum, which have raised prices for companies that use foreign metals in their products.But Mr. Trump has also threatened to impose new tariffs on imported automobiles and auto parts from Europe and Japan, a move that economists, companies and lawmakers from both parties warn would be economically devastating to the auto industry and its customers.He has negotiated a new trade agreement with Canada and Mexico, but he needs Congress to approve it. Its fate is uncertain. He does not appear to be aggressively pushing for Congress to pass a large-scale infrastructure plan, though he has called for one, and a divided Congress is unlikely to approve one even if he did.A question mark could be government spending. Last year, Mr. Trump signed an agreement between Republicans and Democrats that increased defense and other domestic spending, which helped stimulate demand and growth in the economy. In his budget this year, Mr. Trump called for additional defense increases but cuts in domestic spending, which Democrats are certain to oppose.Complicating the conversation is the widening federal budget deficit, which hit a monthly record in February, according to the Treasury Department, and which the Trump administration predicts will soon top $1 trillion a year. The deficit has ballooned, even in a time of relatively rapid growth, because Mr. Trump’s tax cuts reduced tax revenues — both in absolute terms and compared with forecasts — and because of the spending increases he approved.It is unusual, historically, for presidents to pour fiscal stimulus onto an economy with already low unemployment. The decision to do so could tie Mr. Trump’s hands in a dire situation that most economists deem possible but unlikely — an economic contraction or recession this year.Democrats will be in no mood to give Mr. Trump another tax cut, in that case. The Fed could cut rates, but not by as much as it did in previous recessions. To combat each of the last three recessions, the Fed cut rates by at least five percentage points.Today, the Fed’s target interest rate sits between 2.25 and 2.5 percent. It does not appear to be rising anytime soon.That’s just how Mr. Trump wants it.The United States economy is still humming, if the performance of some of the country’s biggest banks is any indication.JPMorgan Chase and PNC Financial Services Group both reported strong performances on Friday for the first three months of 2019, including revenue that was higher than Wall Street analysts had expected. The banks’ results suggested that events like the government shutdown in January and President Trump’s trade war with China had little impact on large swaths of American businesses and consumers.JPMorgan said its revenue from providing banking services to consumers and businesses was 15 percent higher than a year earlier. The growth stemmed in part from the bank’s credit card business.The economy’s growth “could go on for years,” JPMorgan’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon, said on a conference call Friday. “There’s no law that says it has to stop.”PNC, a large regional bank based in Pittsburgh, also reported lending more to both consumers and businesses in the first quarter.“We remain confident about the strength of the economy,” said PNC’s chief executive, William S. Demchak.Other major banks — including Bank of America and Citigroup — will report their quarterly performances early next week, which will provide an additional barometer of the country’s economic growth.Ross Levine, a banking and finance professor at the University of California, Berkeley, cautioned against drawing too many economic conclusions from the bank’s rosy finances. He said the potentially negative impact of things like the trade war with China “might not have materialized yet in earnings.”Wells Fargo also surprised analysts on Friday with higher-than-expected earnings. But the bank achieved the results by cutting costs, while lending in many parts of its business declined. Wells Fargo is still grappling with its long run of misconduct, which led regulators to prohibit the bank from expanding until it cleaned up its act. Last month, the continued problems led to the abrupt resignation of the bank’s chief executive, Timothy J. Sloan.Wells Fargo’s chief financial officer, John R. Shrewsberry, told Wall Street analysts on Friday that the bank had been getting rid of riskier loans, which partly explained the decline in lending volumes.JPMorgan’s stock price rose nearly 5 percent on Friday, while PNC’s was up 3 percent. Wells Fargo shares were down more than 2 percent.As the country’s largest bank, JPMorgan in many ways provides the clearest snapshot of the health of the United States economy. The bank has $956 billion in outstanding consumer and wholesale loans, up from $934 billion a year ago.That growth was consistent with Federal Reserve data this week that showed that consumers were continuing to borrow more, in particular through increased credit card spending. Greater reliance on credit cards and other debt can be a sign of financial stress, but Fed officials and JPMorgan executives greeted the increased borrowing as a sign of consumer confidence.One blemish in JPMorgan’s results was in its investment-banking division. The bank’s revenue from the buying and selling of stocks, bonds and other assets declined 17 percent from a year earlier, which JPMorgan attributed in part to the shutdown of the federal government.Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them.__________The government shutdown and the late 2018 stock market tumult eroded confidence in the economy among business owners and consumers alike last month.Now that the stock market has rallied and the government has reopened, will optimism about the economy rebound, or is the recent slide an indication of a more lasting shift?In January, both the National Federation of Independent Business’s optimism index for small businesses and the University of Michigan’s consumer sentiment index fell to their lowest levels since at least November 2016. And the Conference Board’s index of consumer confidence posted its steepest decline over the past few months since 2011.Those three indexes had jumped in the months after Donald J. Trump was elected president on optimism that his pro-business agenda of reduced taxes and regulation would ignite economic growth. The indexes peaked last year as the stock market marched to record highs, and despite the recent pullback, they remain at historically elevated levels.Businesses, policymakers and investors often use sentiment surveys to evaluate the direction of the economy. If confidence is high, the thinking goes, business owners and consumers are more likely to open their wallets to make purchases, hire employees and expand their operations. If those same groups are worried about the future, they are more likely to curtail their spending.But upward swings in sentiment do not necessarily translate into increased spending and economic growth. The economy, for instance, remained sluggish for more than a year after consumer and business confidence jumped in the months after the 2016 election.Such indexes are also sensitive to short-term moves in the stock market and political developments that have little effect on spending.Indications that sentiment is set to rebound are beginning to appear. Economic confidence recovered in a poll conducted in early February for The New York Times by the online research firm SurveyMonkey.The University of Michigan releases a preliminary version of its survey roughly halfway through each month and then its final report at the end. Last month, the final figure, although the lowest since October 2016, showed a slight uptick from the preliminary version, which was released during the shutdown. Also, the survey’s personal financial expectations index, considered a better indicator of household spending than the overall index, held up during the period.The university will release its preliminary consumer sentiment index for February on Friday.The report on small-business sentiment also offered reasons to think the slide in confidence may be temporary. Within the index, expectations among business owners about their sales and the overall economy had the biggest declines. But those segments typically have been the most sensitive to gyrations in the stock markets.Meanwhile, expectations for business spending, which had slid sharply since August, stopped declining.WASHINGTON — President Trump on Friday called on the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates and take additional steps to stimulate economic growth, his latest attempt to put the traditionally independent central bank under his thumb.Speaking to reporters before traveling to the southwestern border, the president once again criticized the Fed’s interest rate increases in 2018, saying “they really slowed us down.” Mr. Trump, who is presiding over one of the longest sustained economic expansions in United States history, also said the Fed should do more to give the economy a lift — including resuming a stimulus program that he opposed when it began under President Barack Obama.Mr. Trump’s comments came on the same day the Labor Department reported strong job growth, with employers adding 196,000 jobs last month. His remarks also coincide with his efforts to install allies at the Fed as he heads into a re-election campaign that will largely be a referendum on the state of the economy. While the economy is still strong and unemployment remains low, the effects of the president’s $1.5 trillion tax cut are waning and his trade war has begun to hurt some American industries, as well as contributing to slower growth in China. Most forecasters see growth slowing this year, though Mr. Trump’s economic advisers continue to see it speeding up.But the president appears to be taking no chances. On Friday, he escalated his previous critiques of the Fed by pressing for it to resume the type of stimulus campaign it undertook after the recession to jump-start economic growth. That program, known as quantitative easing, resulted in the Fed buying more than $4 trillion worth of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities as a way to increase the supply of money in the financial system. As the economy recovered, the Fed began to reverse that program, slowly winnowing its portfolio of bonds in a process known as quantitative tightening.“Well I personally think the Fed should drop rates,” Mr. Trump said. “I think they really slowed us down. There’s no inflation. I would say in terms of quantitative tightening, it should actually now be quantitative easing. Very little if any inflation. And I think they should drop rates, and they should get rid of quantitative tightening. You would see a rocket ship. Despite that, we’re doing very well.”The Labor Department’s numbers signal a rebound from an unexpectedly lackluster February. It was the 102nd straight month of job gains. Wages were also up, with average hourly earnings in March 3.2 percent higher than a year earlier. And unemployment remained low at 3.8 percent.[Read more about the March jobs report, which showed a return to solid growth.]The president has become increasingly bold in his efforts to influence the Fed, which he and his advisers blame for economic growth falling short of the 4 percent annual rate last year as he promised. He has repeatedly criticized his handpicked Fed chairman, Jerome H. Powell, and has described the central bank as a counterweight to his economic policies.The Fed raised interest rates four times last year, to the current range of 2 percent to 2.25 percent, drawing frequent rebukes from Mr. Trump. Such criticism is unusual for presidents, who typically avoid commenting on monetary policy.But the Fed has since diverted from what had been a steady march of interest rate increases, in the face of stock market turmoil, growing domestic and global economic risks and pressure from Mr. Trump. The central bank does not expect to increase rates at all this year and has cut its growth projections to 2.1 percent for 2019.As he enters the 2020 campaign, Mr. Trump is banking on a much faster pace of growth than the Fed and most outside economists say is likely. Global growth is moderating, with slowdowns in Europe and China underway. And there are signs of weakness in the United States, where chief executives see investment, hiring and sales growth all slowing this year and business economists say the risks of undershooting economic growth are higher than overshooting.Democrats denounced Mr. Trump’s comments, saying they showed his disregard for the traditional independence of the Fed and his desire to use its powers to help him win re-election.“There’s no question that President Trump is seeking to undermine the long-term stability of the economy and independence of the Federal Reserve to boost his own re-election prospects,” said Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrat on the Finance Committee.Larry Kudlow, Mr. Trump’s top economic adviser, said on Friday that the president was concerned about a global slowdown and wanted the Fed ensure the American economy continued to grow.“We are facing a worldwide slowdown. You know, recession, arguably,” Mr. Kudlow said in an interview on Bloomberg TV. “Europe is not doing well. Germany itself may be in recession. That troubles us.”Mr. Kudlow denied that the president was trying to infringe on the Fed’s independence and said he simply wanted it to keep things thriving.“We’re not pressuring. We’re not going after their independence,” he said. “We just don’t want any threats to this rebuilding, reviving, growing economy.”But in recent days, Mr. Trump has made it increasingly clear that he will do what it takes to keep the Fed heading in the direction he wants.The president said on Thursday that he planned to nominate Herman Cain, a Republican who abandoned his 2012 presidential campaign in the face of sexual harassment allegations and who started a political action committee to combat what he claims is “misinformation” about Mr. Trump, to a seat on the Fed’s seven-member board. Mr. Trump also plans to nominate Stephen Moore, an adviser and conservative economist who has become a vocal critic of the Fed’s interest rate increases.Those selections are a marked shift from his previous nominations to the board. The president has tended to tap largely conventional candidates, not loyalists or those with starkly contrarian views. His choice of Mr. Powell for chairman was seen as a vote for consistency on the Fed, given Mr. Powell’s approach was expected to be — and indeed has been — in line with his predecessor, Janet L. Yellen, who called for a moderate pace of rate increases.Mr. Trump’s three other Fed appointments have also been fairly unsurprising — Richard Clarida, whom he appointed as vice chairman, was a Columbia University economist and a scholar in monetary policy. Randal K. Quarles, who oversees bank supervision, worked in the financial industry and at the Treasury Department in previous Republican administrations and Michelle W. Bowman was the state bank commissioner of Kansas.Wall Street analysts, economists and at least one Republican senator warned on Friday that Mr. Trump’s choice of political actors could wind up compromising the Fed in a way that could be detrimental to the health of the economy.“In our view, the selections could raise questions about the independence of the Federal Reserve and could be perceived as an attempted politicization of monetary policy,” researchers at Barclays wrote in a note to clients, adding, “the experience of each candidate does not seem to be the main reason the Trump administration is considering their nominations.”Senator Mitt Romney of Utah, who ran against Mr. Cain for the Republican nomination, told Politico that he would prefer nonpolitical appointees.“I would like to see nominees that are economists first and not partisans. I think it’s important that the Fed be a nonpartisan entity,” Mr. Romney said. “The key is that someone is outside of the political world and is an economic leader, not a partisan leader.”It is unclear whether Mr. Moore or Mr. Cain, who are still undergoing background checks and have yet to be formally nominated, will be confirmed by the Senate. Mr. Trump has previously faced pushback on two of his Fed choices, neither of whom were considered highly contentious but nonetheless failed to gain traction.Nellie Liang, an economist and financial regulation expert, withdrew from consideration after financial industry lobbyists worked against her nomination and Senate Republicans made clear they would not vote to confirm her. And Marvin Goodfriend, a professor at Carnegie Mellon University and a former monetary policy adviser to the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, Va., languished in the last Congress after lawmakers questioned his previous views on inflation.For now, most Senate Republicans have said they will wait for confirmation hearings before determining their votes.Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the Republican leader, has remained mum on both selections for the Fed. But aides and senators close to Mr. McConnell said that he had made it clear that he had no intention of moving ahead quickly with either nomination, giving the president and his staff ample time to vet both men and consider other candidates.President Trump likes to brag about the supposedly booming economy. So do other Republican politicians. Some journalists have gotten into the habit too, exaggerating the strength of the economic expansion, because it makes for a good story.Here’s the truth: There is no boom. The economy has been mired in an extended funk since the financial crisis ended in 2010. G.D.P. growth still has not reached 3 percent in any year, and 3 percent isn’t a very high bar. Last week, while attending an economics conference in Washington, I discovered one particularly clear sign of the economy’s struggles — namely, that it keeps performing worse than the experts have predicted. I put together this chart to show the trend:Again and again, Federal Reserve officials have overestimated how quickly the economy would grow. They keep having to revise their forecasts downward, only to discover that they didn’t go far enough down. Economists on Wall Street and other parts of the private sector have made the same mistake. Over time, the differences between the experts’ predictions and the economy’s performance have added up. The American economy would be about 6 percent larger today — producing $1.3 trillion more in goods and services this year — if the forecasts had come true. And for most families, real-life experience has been more disappointing than the G.D.P. numbers, because much of the bounty of the economy’s growth has flowed to the affluent.So what is ailing the American economy?Several years ago, Lawrence Summers — the economist and former Treasury secretary — began using the phrase “secular stagnation” to describe the problem. The term was originally coined during the Great Depression, and it describes an economy that can’t quite get healthy.When Summers first made his case in 2013, some other economists criticized it as too pessimistic. But the repeated growth shortfalls of recent years suggest he was onto something. At last week’s conference, hosted by the Brookings Institution, Olivier Blanchard — the former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund — said he was now more persuaded by the secular-stagnation story than he first had been. It is, Blanchard said, “more likely than not.”There are two main culprits. The first is a savings glut. Americans are saving more and spending less partly because the rich now take home so much of the economy’s income — and the rich don’t spend as large a share of their income as the poor and middle class. The aging of society plays a role too, because people are saving for retirement.[Sign up for David Leonhardt’s daily newsletter with commentary on the news and reading suggestions from around the web.]The second big cause is an investment slump. Despite all the savings available to be invested, companies are holding back. Some have grown so large and monopoly-like that they don’t need to invest in new projects to make profits. Think about your internet provider: It may have terrible customer service, but you don’t have a lot of alternatives. The company doesn’t need to invest in new technology or employees to keep you as a customer.Beside a lack of competition, the investment slump stems from what Summers calls the de-massification of the economy. Developers aren’t building as many malls and stores, because goods now go straight from warehouses to homes. Offices don’t need as much storage space. Cellphones have replaced not just desktop computers but also cameras, stereos, books and more. Many young people have decided they’re happy living in small apartments, without cars.For all of these economic problems, there are promising solutions. But the United States is not giving those solutions a try.The 2017 Trump tax law is a useful case study. It is a dreadful piece of economic policy — essentially a giant effort to aggravate income inequality. Tax cuts that benefit the wealthy most are huge and permanent. Tax cuts focused on everyone else are smaller and temporary.But the law still pumped money into the economy last year, thanks largely to those temporary tax cuts for the middle class and poor. And guess what? G.D.P. growth finally met some forecasters’ expectations, as you can see from the first chart above. The economy expanded 2.9 percent in 2018. Unfortunately, the boost seems to have been temporary. In the first quarter of this year, growth has slowed markedly, probably to about 0.5 percent. It will most likely grow faster over the rest of 2019, but not 3 percent. Once again, economists have started downgrading their expectations.A better policy response would start with a tax cut focused on the majority of Americans, not the wealthy. And there are many other ways to take on secular stagnation. When I spoke to Summers last week, he rattled off a list: Infrastructure projects, to jump-start investment. The retirement of coal-fired power plants, which would also lead to new investment. Stronger safety-net programs, including Social Security, to reduce the savings glut. More aggressive antitrust policies, to combat monopolies. And a Federal Reserve that, at long last, stopped making the same mistake — of overestimating both growth and inflation.After a decade of negative economic surprises, maybe we shouldn’t be surprised anymore. Maybe we should try some new solutions.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.The Turkish government unveiled a plan on Wednesday to help the country’s banks survive an epidemic of bad loans, but it dashed hopes for more sweeping measures to address an economic downturn that has become a threat to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s hold on power.Under the proposal, which the government described as a comprehensive plan for the economy, state-owned banks will receive $5 billion in aid, about a third of the total amount of bad loans, according to official figures.But economists said the blueprint, which was presented by Berat Albayrak, the minister of treasury and finance, who is also Mr. Erdogan’s son-in-law, seemed designed mostly to protect Mr. Erdogan’s allies in the construction and energy sectors. The plan offered only bromides in response to a deepening recession, double-digit unemployment and prices rising at a 20 percent clip.The teetering economy helped cost the president’s party its control of Ankara in local elections last month, and delivered a victory to opposition parties in Istanbul, although Mr. Erdogan is challenging the results.Despite the setbacks, Mr. Erdogan apparently remains unwilling to forsake the debt-fueled growth that lifted the country from poverty but has become increasingly unsustainable. Facing a possible rematch in Istanbul, he is probably also wary of forcing voters to swallow the bitter medicine of cutbacks and austerity needed to cure Turkey’s dependence on credit.“Those who were expecting a framework to solve the issues in the economy after the elections should be dismayed,” said Ugur Gurses, a former banker who is now an economics columnist. “All that is planned is to keep the credit flowing from state-owned banks.”The economy has been central to the expansion of Mr. Erdogan’s authority during the last two decades, but as growth has wavered, so has his support. Foreign credit has dried up as lenders lost confidence in his management of the economy, causing widespread bankruptcies among businesses unable to refinance debt that they must often repay in increasingly expensive dollars.But Mr. Erdogan has refused to heed cries from the business community for more extensive changes in policy, and has ignored the advice of mainstream economists. Instead, he has behaved as if he could make the economy bend to his will, and blamed economic problems on foreign conspiracies.The plan presented Wednesday by Mr. Albayrak failed to address the problem that most bothers the Turkish business community: government agencies and courts that are increasingly tilted in favor of Mr. Erdogan’s loyalists, and opaque decision making.“It’s not clear how administration is run, and who does what,” said Atilla Yesilada, Turkey analyst at GlobalSource Partners, a research firm. “Who makes policy is not clear at all. That’s what I hear time after time.”During a 40-minute presentation in Istanbul before an audience of journalists, who were not given a chance to ask questions, Mr. Albayrak said that the government would increase taxes on the rich, cut taxes for corporations, encourage people to save and take measures to stabilize the country’s pension system by making it compulsory for all Turks.He also said the government would create a “National Unity in Agriculture Project” to combat runaway food price inflation. But there were few details on how that and the other measures would work.At least this latest economic plan landed with less of a thud than the last one. That program, presented by Mr. Albayrak in August, was regarded as so unconvincing by foreign investors that they dumped the lira and provoked a currency crisis. For a brief period, it took almost 7 lira to buy $1, a low. On Wednesday the exchange rate was 5.7 lira for $1, little changed from Tuesday.The timing of the economic plan created a political quandary for Mr. Erdogan and his party. There was intense pressure for the government to regain international credibility by presenting a serious program.But tough economic polices might further alienate voters and hurt Mr. Erdogan’s chances of retaining power in Istanbul by forcing a repeat election.“For financial stability, more determined measures were expected,” said Bahadir Ozgur, an economic analyst and columnist for the online newspaper Gazete Duvar. “In this program, there is nothing curbing budget spending and disciplining public finance.”WASHINGTON — The global economy is slowing more than expected and a sharp downturn could require world leaders to coordinate stimulus measures, the International Monetary Fund said on Tuesday as it cut its forecast for world economic growth this year.The global lender's semi-annual World Economic Report pointed to the U.S.-China trade war and a potentially disorderly British exit from the European Union as key risks and warned that chances of further cuts to the outlook were high.Some major economies, including China and Germany, might need to take short-term actions, the IMF said. "This is a delicate moment for the global economy," IMF chief economist Gita Gopinath said in a news conference to discuss the report.Governments may need to open their pocketbooks at the same time "across economies" if the slowdown becomes more serious, Gopinath said, adding that loose monetary policy might also be needed.The comments provided an eerie warning to the global officials gathering in Washington this week for the spring meetings of the IMF and World Bank. The world engaged in coordinated fiscal stimulus to counter the 2008 financial crisis. In its third downgrade since October, the IMF said the global economy will likely grow 3.3% this year, the slowest expansion since 2016. The forecast cut 0.2 percentage point from the IMF's outlook in January.The projected growth rate for next year was unchanged at 3.6%.More than two-thirds of the expected slowdown in 2019 stems from troubles in rich nations, including members of the EU."In this context, avoiding policy missteps that could harm economic activity should be the main priority," the IMF said in its report. One potential misstep lies in Britain's indecision over how to leave the EU. Despite looming deadlines, London has not decided how it will try to shield its economy during the exit process.The IMF's new forecast assumes an orderly "Brexit," but the Fund said a chaotic process could shave more than 0.2 percentage point from global growth in 2019. It said the Bank of England should be "cautious" on its interest rate policy, an apparent tip to wait before hiking borrowing costs.The EU's economic growth is already slowing substantially, though the IMF said it still expects the slowdown in Europe and some emerging market economies will give way to a re-acceleration in growth during the second half of 2019. The outlook for Germany, one of the main drivers of European growth, suffered from weaker demand for its exports, softer consumer spending and new emissions standards that have depressed car sales. Germany may have to quickly turn to fiscal stimulus measures, the IMF said, also calling on the European Central Bank to keep stimulating the regional economy. The IMF also cut Japan's growth outlook following a string of natural disasters. U.S. DOWNGRADEThe U.S. economy, while seen outperforming other rich nations' economies, also got a downgrade on signs that a fiscal stimulus fuelled by tax cuts was producing less activity than previously expected.U.S. Treasury yields slid on concerns about the global economic outlook, which also weighed on U.S. stocks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average index fell 0.7% and the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite both closed about 0.6% lower as the growth forecasts and renewed trade worries sparked by new U.S. tariff threats on European aircraft and food products weighed on sentiment.U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin disputed the IMF's assessment that U.S. growth was slowing and told lawmakers he was not concerned about a recent inversion of the Treasury yield curve - often a harbinger of recession."There's no question that growth outside of the United States, whether it be Europe or China, has slowed significantly," Mnuchin told a U.S. House Financial Services Committee hearing. "From everything we see, we see for the next few years still strong, robust U.S. growth."CHINA'S 'GREEN SHOOTS'The IMF said it supported the U.S. Federal Reserve's decision to pause its rate-hiking cycle, which the global lender said would support the U.S. and world economies this year by easing financial conditions. The IMF raised its forecast for U.S. growth in 2020 by a tenth of a percentage point to 1.9%.The global lender said it was slightly boosting its outlook for Chinese growth this year - to 6.3% - in part because an expected escalation in the U.S.-China trade war had not materialized. Still, America's ongoing tensions with China and other major trading partners continue to cloud the global economy.U.S. tariffs on Chinese imports are hitting Chinese growth and also weighing on Latin America and other parts of the world dependent on Chinese demand for commodities.The IMF cut its 2019 growth forecasts for Canada and Latin America as well as for the Middle East and North African countries.China was trying to rebalance its massive economy away from investment and exports when U.S. President Donald Trump ordered higher tariffs on Chinese imports beginning in 2018. China responded with retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods.In an ominous sign, the IMF said Beijing might need to unleash fiscal stimulus "to avoid a sharp near-term growth slowdown that could derail the overarching reform agenda." Gopinath, the IMF chief economist, said the Chinese economy was showing some tentative signs of recovered growth, which she described as "green shoots." (Reporting by Jason Lange; Additional reporting by David Lawder Editing by Andrea Ricci, Paul Simao and James Dalgleish)NEW YORK — Samantha Martin does most of the annual hiring for her public relations firm in the first quarter. But not this year — clients worried about a slowing economy are cutting their budgets, and Martin has in turn scaled back her own plans."Our clients are having trouble getting funding and therefore public relations and marketing are the first to get cut," says Martin, owner of New York-based Media Maison.If Martin's firm has more work than her current staff can handle, she'll hire freelancers who work by the hour. Hiring on a project-by-project basis removes the potential of having to lay anyone off.Small business owners who are uneasy as they see signs of a weakening economy have cut back on hiring in recent months and found ways to get work done without adding employees. The latest evidence of a hiring slowdown came last week, when payroll provider ADP said its small business customers created just 6,000 jobs in March. February's tally of 19,000 new jobs was also weak and down sharply from January's 98,000; ADP's small business numbers also fluctuated throughout 2018. The report, as well as the most recent jobs report from the Labor Department, clearly shows that small business hiring has lagged behind job creation at larger companies.Small business owners, especially those who learned hard lessons from the Great Recession about overstaffing, are playing it safe. While a Capital One survey also released last week showed that 29% of 500 small business owners planned to hire in the next six months, that was down from 33% in a survey six months earlier. Of the owners who don't plan to hire, nearly 30% said the economy is making them too nervous to spend more on staffing. The Capital One survey was in line with other surveys taken during the first quarter.The economy is widely expected to slow this year, starting with the recently ended first quarter. Economists surveyed by financial information provider FactSet estimate that gross domestic product grew at an annual rate of 1.6% from January through March, down from 2.9% in all of 2018.TruePublic's last four hires were part-timers. CEO Kaben Clauson had planned on taking on full-time staffers, but partly because of the economy decided against the added risk."We could hire those people full time now — we have the money to do so — but it would give us only six months of a cash cushion," says Kaben, whose Chicago-based company conducts online surveys. "We'd feel more comfortable with a year's cushion."Clauson's concern is linked to the hesitancy he sees in investors who start hunkering down because of stock market volatility or signs of economic weakness."My company is raising another $2 million and we're looking for investors," Kaben says. "Who's knows what happens with the economy going forward?"Before the recession, the philosophy at many companies was to hire in anticipation of higher revenue. Now, the approach is to put off hiring until rising revenue justifies taking on the added expense and risk. Many owners like Martin hire independent contractors, or freelancers, if there's more work than their regular employees can handle."They have a much finer gauge on how to accomplish what they need to without layering in a lot of expense," says Steve Spinelli, the incoming president of Babson College and an entrepreneur himself.Owners have also adopted technology that helps them get their work done, so there is less pressure on their companies to hire, Spinelli says."You have a healthier small business community, a more nimble small business community and one that's more forward looking," Spinelli says.After Greg Henson's technology services company was forced to lay off half its staff during the Great Recession, he restructured the business so approximately 50% of The Henson Group's workers are freelancers. He has the flexibility of calling them in for projects as needed, and doesn't have fears of another mass layoff.Henson is also concerned about the economy, and has contracted with another company to handle some of his sales work."We have frozen hiring until we know what's happening," he says.Some owners aren't as worried about the economy, but have other reasons to be concerned about their finances and are therefore cautious about hiring. For example, their overhead is going up and they don't want to add to those increasing costs — expenses that can make them more vulnerable to the vagaries of the economy.The rising minimum wage has Sean Pour holding off hiring 10 new staffers for his company, SellMax, which has more than 30 workers earning the $12 minimum that a San Diego city ordinance requires. The minimum, which rose 50 cents on Jan. 1, will rise each year along with inflation.The minimum-wage staffers at SellMax work in the car buying company's call center. Pour supplements their pay with performance bonuses, but worries that rising wages will limit his ability to pay the extra money."Quite frankly, this scares us and we are afraid we won't be able to keep the new hires that we employ," Pour says. So SellMax, which already uses automation to answer some calls, may need to increase its dependence on technology if it can't afford to hire._____Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg . Her work can be found here: https://apnews.comGood Friday morning. Here are some of the stories making news in Washington and politics today._____________________• The Federal Reserve has halted rate increases. Tax cuts and tariffs have taken hold. Attempts to rewrite the global rules of trade are underway. President Trump got what he wanted on the economy — but it may not last, and the president must now prove the naysayers wrong about the future.• The first House Intelligence Committee hearing since the special counsel completed his report began with Republicans demanding the resignation of Adam B. Schiff, the committee’s chairman. It only went downhill from there.• Speaking of the special counsel’s report: It was more than 300 pages long, the Justice Department acknowledged on Thursday, raising more questions about Attorney General William P. Barr’s four-page summary.• The Supreme Court declined to block a federal ban on bump stocks — the attachments that turn semiautomatic guns to fully automatic — after an appeal from gun owners.• Senators remain at an impasse over how much disaster relief should be given to Puerto Rico, leaving billions of dollars in aid for recovery efforts across the country in limbo ahead of a vote on Monday.• The Department of Housing and Urban Development sued Facebook, arguing that the company violated the federal Fair Housing Act by limiting who sees ads based on characteristics like race, religion and national origin.• Mr. Trump criticized Mexico, El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras on Thursday for accepting aid from the United States but doing “nothing” in return. The statement came a day after his Homeland Security secretary struck an agreement with those same countries to strengthen security at the border.• Pete Buttigieg may have a challenging last name and an unconventional résumé. But he’s drawing big crowds and has jumped to third place in a poll of Iowa voters.• Senator Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota unveiled her first policy plan: spending a trillion dollars in federal funds to upgrade the country’s infrastructure.• There are few more important groups of Democratic primary voters than black women in the South, and they’ll have more weight than ever this year. Kamala Harris and Beto O’Rourke have different plans to capture their attention.• The Trump administration is forcing a Chinese company to sell its stake in the gay dating app Grindr over national security concerns. It’s the first case where the United States asserted that foreign control of a social media app could have national security implications.• In a case that exposed the government’s embarrassing failure to secure its secrets, a 54-year-old former National Security Agency contractor pleaded guilty to taking secret documents home in a deal likely to put him in prison for nine years._____________________Today’s On Politics briefing was compiled by Isabella Grullón Paz in New York.Were you forwarded this newsletter? Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox.Is there anything you think we’re missing? Anything you want to see more of? We’d love to hear from you. Email us at onpolitics@nytimes.com.SAN FRANCISCO — Owning a piece of the gig economy became a reality for millions on Friday when Lyft began trading on the public markets, signaling the start of a stream of stock offerings expected from high-profile technology companies this year.Lyft’s shares rose 8.7 percent in its first day of trading after opening at $87.24, far above the public offering price of $72. By the end of the day, the ride-hailing firm’s market value stood at $26.4 billion, making it one of the most valuable American companies to go public in the last decade. At that level, it was more than 23 times the valuation of the parent company of Hertz, the rental car provider, and bigger than the parent of United Airlines.Lyft’s public market debut formalized the rise of the sharing economy, even though persistent questions remain about the effect of gig-type work on people’s quality of life and their wages. When ride-hailing companies like Lyft and Uber began growing this decade, they hawked their kind of work — where drivers are freelancers who drive only when they want to — as providing flexibility. But with drivers ineligible to receive employee benefits like health care, the businesses have since prompted lawsuits and labor protests.Gig economy companies also have not proved a business fundamental: that they can make money. While Lyft and Uber have been expanding rapidly, they have lost close to or more than $1 billion a year. And the companies are spending heavily on new initiatives like food delivery, electric bikes and self-driving vehicles, making profits a distant prospect.[Unicorns are riding into the public markets, and their elite early investors will be the biggest winners.]Even so, Lyft’s offering means that people will now own shares of the company in their mutual funds and stock portfolios, giving them more of a vested interest in the financial outcomes of gig economy firms. That will be compounded when Uber, the world’s biggest ride-hailing operator, goes public in the next few months in what is expected to be the largest initial public offering of the past five years. Uber will almost certainly become part of index funds, which underlie the retirement portfolios of millions of Americans.“Their business model is completely reliant on an unsettled issue, which is the status of their drivers,” Veena Dubal, an employment and labor law professor at the University of California’s Hastings College of the Law, said of ride-hailing companies. “They’ve been trying to shift risk onto workers, and now they are shifting risk onto investors as well.”Those risks sent jitters through some investors on Friday, with Lyft’s shares falling after opening up strongly. The stock dipped to roughly $80 before declining further near the end of trading to finish the day at $78.29.But others turned a blind eye to the steep losses and heavy spending, which bodes well for the herd of other coming tech offerings. Apart from Uber, those set to join the I.P.O. bonanza are Pinterest, the digital pin board; the messaging company Slack; the delivery company Postmates; and the home-fitness company Peloton.Interest in buying Lyft’s stock was so high that demand outstripped supply within the first two days of the company’s road show to pitch prospective investors this month. By the end, the I.P.O. was 20 times oversubscribed, Lyft told investors on Friday.Lyft’s high listing price and performance are a “reflection of the appetite” from investors, said Tom White, a senior vice president at D. A. Davidson, a wealth and asset management firm. “Right now, I think investors generally are focused on growth.”With its initial offering, Lyft leapt ahead of Uber to become the first publicly traded ride-hailing firm. Logan Green and John Zimmer, Lyft’s founders, celebrated the event on Friday in Los Angeles, where pink confetti rained down them as they marked the occasion. The pair had founded Zimride, a long-distance car-pooling service for college students, in 2007. Zimride evolved into Lyft, which initially used the gimmick of fuzzy bubblegum-colored mustaches to distinguish its service.Mr. Green, 35, who grew up in Santa Monica, and has cited heavy traffic in the area as an inspiration for Lyft, and Mr. Zimmer, 34, used the I.P.O. to announce a program called Lyft City Works. The program will donate $50 million to transportation initiatives in cities where it operates.Mr. Green said he planned to further expand Lyft into other modes of transportation, including public transit.“We want Lyft to be the first app that you open up,” he said. “The biggest investments we’re making today are broadening the portfolio of products that you can access within Lyft.”The offering increased Mr. Green’s and Mr. Zimmer’s wealth, while allowing them to maintain tight control over their company. The pair hold a special class of shares that give them extra voting power, a practice common among tech founders but criticized by investor advocates.During the nearly two-week road show, Lyft pitched itself to institutional investors as a mission-driven company focused on reshaping the transportation industry. It emphasized its do-gooder stance on encouraging car-pooling and reducing the environmental impacts of individual car ownership.Investors’ most frequent question during the road show was what the company would look like in five years, Mr. Zimmer said. “Investors realized that ride-sharing is the tip of the iceberg,” he said.Using independent contractors to provide services has indubitably become the keystone of a generation of tech companies, from ride-hailing apps to food delivery services like DoorDash to hair and makeup services like Glamsquad. Some researchers said contingent work could account for 43 percent of the American work force by next year, though the Department of Labor has reported that the number of workers in gig roles has remained mostly flat since 2005.“I think it’s quite clear that this is part of a larger trend in the economy,” said Sean Aggarwal, Lyft’s chairman. “That makes it an exciting story for the long-term investor. It gives them an opportunity to participate not just in this gig economy transformation but also in this larger trend of transportation as a service.”Mr. White of D. A. Davidson said the good will toward Lyft would eventually evaporate if it ultimately couldn’t make money.“As we get closer to 2020, there will be an expectation that we see them narrow the losses,” he said.Although there have been approximately 100,000 media profiles of enthusiastic blue-collar Trump supporters in diners, the reality is that Donald Trump is extraordinarily unpopular. A recent Pew analysis found only one other modern president with such a low approval rating two years into his administration.On the other hand, that president was Ronald Reagan, who went on to win re-election in a landslide. So some Trump boosters are suggesting their champion can repeat that performance. Can he?No, he can’t. And it’s worth understanding why, both to assess current political prospects and to debunk the Reagan mythology still infesting U.S. conservatism.Let’s talk first about the Reagan story.Reagan was indeed unpopular in January 1983, mainly because of the economic situation. Despite a huge tax cut in 1981 and a sharp rise in military spending, more than 10 percent of the labor force was unemployed.Although many voters blamed Reagan for this economic distress, the truth was that it had little to do with his policies; it was, instead, the consequence of the Federal Reserve’s attempts to bring down inflation, which had driven interest rates as high as 19 percent.By mid-1982, however, the Fed had reversed course, sharply reducing rates. And these rate cuts eventually produced a huge housing boom, which in turn drove a rapid economic recovery.Like the earlier slump, this boom had little to do with Reagan’s policies, but voters gave him credit anyway. Unemployment was still fairly high — more than 7 percent — in November 1984, but what matters for elections is whether things are getting better or worse, not how good they are in absolute terms. And in 1983-84, unemployment fell fast, so Reagan won big.How does this story compare with Trump’s prospects now?First of all, where Reagan was unpopular because of a weak economy, Trump is unpopular despite a strong economy. That is, he starts from a much lower baseline.And there is no chance of a “morning in America”-type boom over the next two years.For one thing, in 1983-84 America was able to grow very fast by taking up the huge amount of economic slack that had accumulated over the course of the double-dip recession from 1979 to 1982. Right now, with unemployment below 4 percent, it’s not clear whether there’s any economic slack at all. There’s certainly not enough to allow the 7-plus percent growth rates in real personal income that prevailed in the run-up to the 1984 election.Also, a housing boom driven by dramatic interest rate reductions was central to the rapid growth of Reagan’s third and fourth year in office. (No, it wasn’t all about the miraculous effects of tax cuts.) But today’s Fed can’t — literally can’t — deliver the kind of boost it did back then by bringing double-digit interest rates down to single-digit levels, because rates are already quite low. And with housing prices looking rather high, it’s hard to imagine a huge surge looking forward.Are there other ways that the economy might rescue Trump? What about the 2017 tax cut, which Trump said would be “rocket fuel” for the economy?Well, by increasing the budget deficit, that cut probably gave the economy some stimulus, temporarily raising growth. But that effect is already fading out, and the economy would have been slowing down even without the extra drag created by the Trump shutdown. This doesn’t necessarily mean that we’ll have a recession soon, but we’re almost surely looking at unimpressive growth at best.But wasn’t the tax cut supposed to increase long-run growth, by increasing business investment? Yes, it was — but it isn’t delivering on that promise. Corporations received huge tax breaks, but they mostly used the money to pay higher dividends and buy back stocks, not for investment. And even the modest rise in business investment that did take place in 2018 seems to have been driven by higher oil prices, not tax cuts.So Donald Trump is no Ronald Reagan.Actually, even Ronald Reagan was no Ronald Reagan. Although right-wing legend portrays his experience as proof of the magical power of tax cuts, the economy actually performed somewhat better under Bill Clinton, who raised taxes. (Although, to be fair, almost all Republicans seem to have managed to expunge that fact from their memories.)Most of Reagan’s political success reflected not fundamental economic achievement but good luck with the timing of the business cycle. And Trump almost certainly won’t experience comparable luck.Combine this lack of a strong economic upside over the next two years with Trump’s extreme current unpopularity, and his chances for re-election — if he even makes it to the end of his first term — don’t look too good. Which raises the question of what he and his party will do if defeat is staring them in the face.I don’t know the answer to that question, and if you aren’t scared about how a cornered Trump might lash out, you haven’t been paying attention.What’s clear, however, is that Trump and his allies are in a deep hole right now — and the economy isn’t going to dig them out of it.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.To determine the health of the economy, you could scrutinize the minutes of Federal Reserve meetings, pore over the latest economic data and scour trade publications. Or you could simply look up.The towering cranes that rise above development sites can be a useful financial indicator, like consumer confidence polls or housing starts, according to Rider Levett Bucknall, a construction consulting firm that uses the equipment as the basis for its RLB Crane Index.The index, a tally of cranes in 13 major North American cities, provides a snapshot of economic sentiment, said Julian Anderson, a president of the firm’s North American region. It was created in 2015 as a tool for clients, who use it to assess hiring trends and activity in urban markets, he said. Nationally, the construction industry employed 7.46 million people in 2018, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, continuing several years of increases. But it’s still recovering from the last recession. In 2006, the number of workers was 3 percent higher, 7.69 million.If hiring continues to climb, shrinking the labor pool, high project costs could get even steeper, Mr. Anderson said. That might finally force builders to pump the brakes. But “any change in the market wouldn’t probably show up until the end of the year,” he said. The index is not the only unusual economic indicator. Other strange measures include the Buttered Popcorn Index, the Super Bowl Indicator and divorce rates. Jagdish N. Bhagwati, a professor of economics at Columbia, said the number of gauges like these had multiplied since the 1980s, when The Economist magazine created the Big Mac Index, an informal comparison of the cost of hamburgers in different countries used to analyze exchange rates.But the trends that shape the global currency system, Dr. Bhagwati said, are too complex to be reduced to single McDonald’s meal. Then again, boiling economics down to a pocketbook issue like popcorn may help consumers understand the underlying economic theory. “Sometimes being funny helps people focus on the things you want them to focus on,” he said.The crane index does have its limitations. Because it tracks cities where Rider Levett Bucknall has offices, it misses growing markets like Houston and Atlanta. Still, it provides useful data about which projects have broken ground, well before marketing kicks in.The index includes only tower cranes, which rise 10 to 80 stories and have long booms that lift steel and concrete for projects including hotels, condominiums, offices, stadiums, convention centers, arts complexes and schools. This winter, the tally came to 423. The total has stayed relatively steady since the summer of 2015 (there were 439 cranes then), which was the crest of the current development wave, some brokers say. The index has remained consistent despite headwinds like climbing interest rates, trade turmoil, rising material costs and a tight labor market.Seattle was the top city in the United States on the latest index, with 59 cranes. Only Toronto, one of two Canadian cities on the list (Calgary is the other), had more, with 104. In last place was Phoenix, with five.Amazon is partly to thank for Seattle’s top ranking, which it has held for several years. After a flurry of development, the internet giant has transformed the South Lake Union neighborhood, a sleepy former warehouse district, into a dense office hub.But other areas, like downtown, are awash in hammers and hard hats, too. “I’m looking out my window, and I’m seeing cranes everywhere,” said David Gurry, a senior vice president with the brokerage firm Colliers International there.Typical real estate cycles run about eight years, Mr. Gurry said, but the current one, clocking in at 12 so far, still has legs. “Normally, I might be concerned to see so many cranes, because it might be a sign of overbuilding,” he said.Housing is a huge driver of real estate construction. High-rise apartment buildings, which gained popularity a couple of decades ago, are increasingly common. But office buildings are also arriving in a resilient market. Seattle has 60 million square feet of office space, brokers say, a quarter of which is controlled by Amazon.But even when Amazon is not involved, developers feel confident about their chances. Asking rents in prime office buildings in Seattle, where the vacancy rate is 7 percent, average $50 per square foot, brokers say.Counting cranes in Seattle and elsewhere can seem unscientific. Over a few days twice a year, employees of Rider Levett Bucknall will set off by foot or in cars, eyes turned toward the horizon. If possible, they later check their results against building permits.In Portland, Ore., searches are helped by a tram across the city that climbs 500 feet in the air, said Kim Craigie, a counter for the firm who also works in marketing. “Once you start, you can’t not notice them,” she said.With 26 cranes this winter, Portland was tied with Chicago, even though Chicago has 2.7 million people and Portland only 630,000.An upgrade of the Oregon Convention Center, a twin-spired complex near the Willamette River, is one of the larger projects. Framing the sky are three cranes, two of them for a 14-story, 600-room hotel that will open next winter and be operated by Hyatt. The third crane swivels over a new parking garage.Because the crane index in many ways also reflects the state of the economy several years earlier, when projects were conceived, it can obscure current realities, brokers and developers say. Washington, for instance, seems to be on a hot streak, with 28 cranes this winter, up from 25 last summer and just a few shy of its 31-crane high in summer 2015.Yet office rents declined in the fourth quarter last year, according to the real estate services firm Cushman & Wakefield, as a surge of office buildings came online. And political gridlock, exemplified by the partial government shutdown in December and January, could sap job creation and, by extension, demand, said Nathan J. Edwards, a senior director of research for Cushman & Wakefield.“After the recession, D.C. was the darling of the investment community,” he said. “But there has been softening.”A handful of new office buildings are testing that premise, like 1901 L Street, a project from the Meridian Group included in the most recent crane count. (A hotel rising next door, at a former steakhouse, has a tower crane as well.)As part of a $100 million gut renovation, Meridian is replacing the cast-concrete facade of a 1970s office building with a glass one, while adding four floors, including a terrace-lined penthouse where tenants can host parties. Winston and Strawn, a law firm, has leased about half of No. 1901, which will open next year, said Wil Machen, a Meridian senior vice president. Other cities where cranes are plentiful, despite signs of a global slowdown, are Los Angeles (44), New York (28) and San Francisco (29), according to the index, whose clients include construction, engineering and architecture firms. If the analyses seem overly optimistic, that may have more to do with the health of those cities than the condition of the country, according to economists, who add that cranes are not likely to disappear anytime soon.“This is a golden age of construction in American metropolitan areas,” said Gian Luca Clementi, as associate professor of economics at the Stern School of Business at New York University. “The U.S. is still less urbanized than similar countries, so if anything, we will probably see more and more construction.”WASHINGTON — President Trump acknowledged Tuesday that closing the southern border with Mexico could damage the United States economy, but said protecting America’s security was more important than trade.In remarks from the Oval Office, Mr. Trump reiterated his threat to shut the border if Mexico, America’s third largest trading partner, cannot restrict a flow of asylum seekers trying to cross into the United States. But the president’s economic team, concerned about the damage from such a move, said it was looking for ways to limit the fallout if Mr. Trump does do so.“Sure, it’s going to have a negative impact on the economy,” Mr. Trump said, adding, “but security is most important.”“Security is more important to me than trade,” he said.Republican lawmakers, economists and business groups largely disagree with that assessment and warned this week that closing the border could cripple the flow of goods and workers and devastate American automakers and farmers, as well as other industries that depend on Mexico for sales and goods.“Closing down the border would have a potentially catastrophic economic impact on our country,” Senator Mitch McConnell, Republican of Kentucky and the majority leader, said in an interview. “I would hope that we would not be doing that sort of thing.”Mark Zandi, the chief economist at Moody’s Analytics, said that “a full shutdown of the U.S.-Mexican border of more than several weeks would be the fodder for recessions in both Mexico and the U.S.”Mr. Trump’s economic advisers have briefed him on the potential financial damage from a border shutdown and started looking for ways to mitigate it, including possibly keeping certain trading avenues open.Larry Kudlow, the director of the National Economic Council, said Tuesday in a brief interview that the Trump administration was trying to secure the border without harming the economy.“The question is,” he said, “can we deal with that and not have any economic damage? I think the answer is we can. People are looking at different options.”Mr. Kudlow added that the administration was “looking for ways to allow the freight passage — some people call it truck roads.”“There are ways you can do that, which would ameliorate the breakdown in supply chains,” he said.But business leaders say there is no way to contain the damage from even a partial shutdown of the 2,000-mile border that the United States shares with Mexico. Nearly $1.7 billion of goods and services flow across the border daily, as well as nearly a half-million legal workers, students, shoppers and tourists, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce said Monday.On Tuesday, officials with the chamber called a partial border shutdown “uncharted territory” and said such a policy would have negative economic consequences, particularly for communities along the border.“We don’t know whether that is feasible or not,” said Neil Bradley, the chamber’s executive vice president and chief policy officer.Even if it is possible, a partial shutdown would still cause significant disruptions for industries that are highly integrated across the border, including automobiles, machinery and electronic equipment.“The North American auto industry will be crippled” in a week, Kristin Dziczek, a vice president for the Center for Automotive Research, an industry research group, said in a tweet.Mr. Trump’s pledge to close the border comes in response to what officials with the Department of Homeland Security say is an increase in migrant families who are flooding America’s immigration system, leading to overflowing detention centers and mass releases of migrants.The president told reporters that if Mexico cannot restrict the flow of asylum seekers trying to cross into the United States, and if Congress cannot agree to several immigration restrictions that Mr. Trump has long pushed for, “the border is going to be closed.”While 76,000 migrants crossed the border in February, that number is nowhere near the migration levels seen in the early 2000s. And a majority of the migrants crossing the border now are Central American families looking for asylum, as opposed to Mexican individuals looking for work. Homeland security officials could quickly deport Mexican individuals seeking employment, but, by law, they cannot swiftly deport Central American families or unaccompanied children.Homeland security officials have said they expect the number of crossings to surpass 100,000 this month. And a senior department official said those traveling in and out of ports of entry were already feeling an effect: There was a three-hour wait at the port of entry in Brownsville, Tex., according to the official, and there were around 150 trucks backed up and waiting to cross at Otay Mesa, in California.On Monday, Kirstjen Nielsen, the homeland security secretary, said she would divert up to 750 border patrol officials from ports of entry to areas in between the ports to handle large groups of migrants crossing the border. A senior homeland security official also said the administration could start closing traffic lanes at the ports.“The crisis at our border is worsening,” Ms. Nielsen said, “and D.H.S. will do everything in its power to end it.”Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina and one of Mr. Trump’s external advisers, has been urging the president to ease off the threat. On Tuesday, Mr. Graham portrayed Mr. Trump’s latest broadside as less an eventuality and more a calculated bargaining position.“You are taking a bad problem and, by closing the ports of entry, you are creating another problem,” he said during an interview. “To the extent that he wants to redeploy resources to the points of entry to deal with the ungoverned spaces — that will create economic upheaval, but that will hopefully lead to a solution.”Border activity makes up a relatively larger share of Mexico’s economy than the United States’, meaning Mexico would most likely have more economic damage from a border closing, Mr. Zandi said.But that does not mean the United States would be in a winning position. Communities across the country would probably see supply chain disruptions, product shortages, seizures in stock and bond markets and a plunge in already-fragile business confidence, Mr. Zandi said. The disruption would be especially sharp in the border states of California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas, which all have Mexico as their No. 1 export market.Any closure could have far-ranging implications for a wide range of industries — including automotive, electronics and apparel — that source small components and deliver their products on a just-in-time basis on both sides of the border.It could also be devastating for the agriculture industry. Since the North American Free Trade Agreement began in 1994, American farmers have moved toward specializing in corn, soybeans, chicken, dairy, pork and beef to supply to Mexico, while Mexican farmers have specialized in fresh fruits and vegetables to send to the United States. Any delays in deliveries of these products could lead to near immediate price hikes and empty supermarket shelves, which would hit low-income Mexicans and Americans the hardest.Christin Fernandez, the vice president for communications at the Retail Industry Leaders Association, said that slowing or halting screenings at major ports near the border would lead to product delays and potentially higher shipping costs.“The entire retail ecosystem is sustained on the expectation that America’s retailers can provide consumers with the goods they want and need, when they need it, at the best possible prices,” Ms. Fernandez said. “If our suppliers are feeling the pain, retailers will feel the pain, and, ultimately, it is consumers that will bear the burden.”Stock markets do not appear to be pricing in any risk of a border closure. The S&P 500 was essentially unchanged on Tuesday, and it remains near a six-month high.In recent weeks, politicians have offered a range of proposals that would impose new government restrictions on how companies use stock buybacks and dividends. While the proposals are billed as solutions to promote inclusive economic growth and sound corporate governance, attempts to restrict buybacks and dividends are misguided. They would undermine economic security rather than enhance it.Many companies rely on investments by individuals and institutions, such as pension funds, to finance their operations. Successful companies use this capital to generate profits, which they then deploy to expand, invest in research and development, attract and retain the best talent and invest in their communities. Companies also use profits to pay down debt or return capital to shareholders, via buybacks or dividends. This can make them more attractive to investors, and companies need investors’ confidence and support to flourish.How do companies decide what to do with their profits? Companies are always looking for ways to invest profits to increase their future growth. At some point, they may run out of investment opportunities with enough growth potential to justify an investment. In those cases, companies often decide to use their profits in another way, to buy back shares of the company or to issue dividends. Making it harder for companies to do so could force them to sit on cash or waste it on projects with a low potential for success. This is often not the wisest use of a company’s profits, as it can hurt growth and erode investor confidence.At the same time, returning some profits to shareholders is not necessarily a bad thing, either for the company or for society at large. Some critics of buybacks miss this point: Money returned to shareholders through buybacks and dividends does not disappear from the economy. Individual investors can use it to purchase something they’ve been saving for. The money can be lent to other companies that are hiring and growing. It can be invested in new businesses as seed money for start-ups or financing for emerging technologies. Moreover, it is a myth that buybacks and dividends displace investments that companies would otherwise make to grow or develop innovations. While there was a substantial increase in buybacks and dividends last year, business investment also increased substantially and grew at the fastest rate since 2011. American companies invested nearly $3 trillion in the economy during 2018, including $460 billion in research and development. And the firms doing the largest buybacks are also the ones doing the most capital investment. Among large public companies, those that repurchased stock in the first three quarters of 2018 tended to engage in more capital expenditures and research and development investment than those electing not to do buybacks, according to our analysis of Securities and Exchange Commission filings of companies in the S & P 500.Not only do buybacks and dividends support a stronger and more dynamic economy, they also contribute to Americans’ retirement security. According to the Federal Reserve, the majority of American households have direct or indirect ownership of corporate stock through pensions, retirement accounts or investment accounts. Similarly, stocks are owned by thousands of pension funds and mutual funds, and millions of Americans benefit from asset price increases or when shares in those funds receive a dividend.Of course buybacks, like other methods of raising and allocating capital, can be abused, as is the case when companies may attempt to artificially inflate their stock prices in the short term by buying back shares. To avoid such abuses, public companies should have strong corporate governance practices guiding how the decisions about stock buybacks and dividends are made, to ensure they are made with the long-term interests in mind.By contrast, imposing federal limitations on how companies decide to use their capital would stifle innovation and opportunity in America. Recent proposals to restrict buybacks and dividends, while presumably made with the laudable intent of increasing wages and capital investment, will only make it more difficult to achieve sustained and inclusive economic growth in the United States.Joshua Bolten is president and chief executive of Business Roundtable. Ken Bertsch is executive director of the Council of Institutional Investors.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.For the past 60 years, Cuba has been unable to finance its imports with its own exports and generate appropriate, sustainable growth without substantial aid and subsidies from a foreign nation. This is the longstanding legacy of Cuba’s socialist economy.The island’s economic dependence began with Spain in the colonial era, continued with the United States during the first republic and expanded significantly with the Soviet Union and, finally, with Venezuela in the current century.Between 1960 and 1990, the Soviet Union gave Cuba $65 billion (triple the total amount of aid that President John Kennedy’s Alliance for Progress gave Latin America). At its peak in 2012, Venezuelan aid, subsidies and investment amounted to $14 billion, or close to 12 percent of the gross domestic product. And yet, despite the staggering foreign aid subsidies it has received, the economy’s performance has been dismal.In the past seven years, growth has been a third of the officially set figure needed for adequate and sustainable growth, while investment has been one third of the required rate. Industrial, mining and sugar production are well below 1989 levels, and the production of 11 out of 13 key agricultural and fishing products has declined. Cuba is now facing its worst economic crisis since the 1990s.Tourism has been a bright spot for Cuba. From 2007 to 2017, visitors to the island doubled, largely thanks to the arrival of more Americans, whose numbers grew considerably after President Barack Obama eased diplomatic relations in 2015. But Hurricane Irma and the tightening of travel restrictions by President Trump (like barring American tourists from using hotels and restaurants run by Cuba’s military) and the alert declared by the administration after the sonic attacks on United States diplomats in Havana led to a drop in tourism during the end of 2017 and the first half of 2018. Tourism rebounded in September, driven by a cruise industry that offers customers lodging, meals and tours. Those visitors spend about 14 percent of what those arriving by air spend.Since the revolution, Cuba has run a large annual fiscal deficit in its merchandise trade. But since the start of the century, it has benefited from a surplus on the services balance because of the growth in exports of medical and teaching services sold mainly to Venezuela. This surplus exceeded the deficit in the merchandise trade. But as Venezuela’s economy weakened, the Cuban surplus decreased drastically. In addition, Venezuela’s oil supply halved, and overall trade fell by 27 percent.Cuba’s woes are a result of the inefficient economic model of centralized planning, state enterprises and agricultural collectivization its leaders have pursued despite the failure of these models worldwide. In his decade in power, President Raúl Castro tried to face his brother Fidel’s legacy of economic disaster head on by enacting a series of market-oriented economic structural reforms. He also opened the door to foreign investment, but so far, the amount materialized has been one-fifth of the goal set by the leadership for sustainable development.Unfortunately, the pace of reforms has been slow and subject to many restrictions, disincentives and taxes that have impeded the advance of the private economy and desperately needed growth. It is time to abandon this failed model and shift to a more successful one as in China and Vietnam.In 2018, Miguel Díaz-Canel, the first of a new generation of leaders born after the revolution, took office. Trapped by Mr. Castro’s program, he has promised “continuity.” The new Constitution, approved on Feb. 24 through a referendum, doesn’t introduce any significant change to its prevailing model of centralized planning and state dominance over the means of production and land.The only way out of the hole for Cuba would be to accelerate and deepen reforms. China and Vietnam’s market socialism model under Communist Party rule could provide a way forward. But opposition persists from the old guard, who are now well into their 80s but still hold key positions in the party and in the government.Poor agricultural production, the result of collectivized agriculture, causes the island to spend $1.5 billion a year on food imports. As part of his agrarian reform, Mr. Castro began leasing fallow state-owned land to farmers through 10-year contracts — now increased to 20 years — that may be canceled or renewed depending on the farms performance. Farmers must sell most of their crops to the government at prices set by the state, which are below market prices. The Chinese and Vietnamese reforms granted farmers land for 50 years or for an indefinite period of time and allowed the farmers to sell their products to whomever they wanted, at prices set by supply and demand. In a few years both countries achieved food self-sufficiency and exported the surplus, particularly Vietnam, which sells Cuba 250,000 tons of rice annually that could be produced domestically. If Cuba were to introduce this type of reform, it would solve the chronic food shortage while eliminating imports.Around 13 percent of the country’s work force is self-employed. It generates 12 percent of the G.D.P., through activities like providing lodging and dining services to foreign tourists. But the government has imposed serious restrictions and suspended certain types of licenses, and businesses are taxed according to the number of employees they hire. The ideological reasoning behind these absurd limitations are to avoid a concentration of property and wealth. Conversely, China and Vietnam recognized that the private sector is an important driver of growth.If reform is carried out and foreign investors are allowed to hire and pay a full salary directly to their employees, there will be a significant improvement in the economy and the government can undertake the desperately needed monetary unification that will attract more investment and eliminate the economic distortions that plague the economy.Carmelo Mesa-Lago is a professor emeritus of economics and Latin American studies at the University of Pittsburgh. He has published some 45 books on Cuba, most recently “Voices of Change in Cuba.”The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.LONDON — Brexit may be postponed once again this week, perhaps by as much as a year. The British economy, though, will remain a prisoner of a confidence-sapping uncertainty.British Prime Minister Theresa May will ask for an extension to the April 12 Brexit date in an effort to find agreement among lawmakers on what a deal should look like. The EU is more inclined to grant a longer extension to make sure Britain has the time to sort out its political impasse.While an extension reduces the likelihood of a 'no-deal' Brexit, which would see the country crash out of the EU on Friday with likely painful economic consequences, it prolongs the uncertainty for businesses.That uncertainty has led a drop in businesses investments, foreign investment, and consumer spending.Good Wednesday. (Want this by email? Sign up here.)A delicate moment for the global economyA lackluster start of the year for the global economy has prompted the International Monetary Fund to downgrade its predictions for growth in the coming months, the WSJ reports.• “The I.M.F.’s latest economic forecasts cut the outlook for growth in 2019 to 3.3 percent from estimates of 3.5 percent in January and 3.7 percent in October. The decline has been broadly felt, with all major advanced economies, including the U.S., and most major emerging-market economies seeing deterioration in their outlook.”• The I.M.F. pointed to “trade tensions and tariff hikes between the United States and China, a decline in business confidence, a tightening of financial conditions, and higher policy uncertainty across many economies” as reasons for the slowdown.Don’t panic. As Daniel Moss of Bloomberg Opinion points out, the numbers aren’t so bad:• “Yes, it’s a cut. But not a dramatic one. These numbers are a ways from one I.M.F. definition of recession, 2.5 percent, and miles from the contraction recorded in 2009.”• “It’s entirely possible the world economy muddles through this year. It might be messy, and there will be regional divergences aplenty. The economy may not feel great, particularly depending on where you are. That doesn’t mean it’s terrible.”New charges in college admissions scandalFederal prosecutors unveiled new money-laundering charges against 16 parents in the college bribery case, including the actress Lori Loughlin, the former TPG executive Bill McGlashan and the former Pimco C.E.O. Douglas Hodge.The new charges carry tougher penalties than the first wave of accusations of mail and wire fraud. The original charges command a fine of at least $250,000, while money laundering involves fines of $500,000 or twice the value of the property involved.Some legal experts think jail time is possible for these defendants. Duncan Levin, a former federal prosecutor, told the WaPo that money-laundering charges are “one of the most powerful weapons” that the Justice Department can wield in court, and can lead to much longer sentences than simpler fraud charges.The new charges may be an attempt to force cooperation, legal commentators added. Some defendants, including the actress Felicity Huffman and the onetime corporate lawyer Gordon Caplan, said this week that they would plead guilty to the lesser wire fraud charges. They haven’t been charged with money laundering.Mr. McGlashan still plans to fight. The financier is accused of paying $50,000 to cheat on his son’s ACT and agreeing to pay $250,000 to help get him into U.S.C. But a lawyer for Mr. McGlashan said, “The prosecutor’s case against Mr. McGlashan is deeply flawed and ignores important exculpatory facts.”Data-grabbing tricks face scrutinyLawmakers on both sides of the Atlantic are clamping down on misleading tactics used by some major tech companies to gain data from users.• Facebook will change its terms of service after bowing to pressure from the European Commission. The company “will spell out for users how the social-media platform makes money by using their personal information to sell targeted advertising, and clarify that it can be held liable for misuse of such data,” the WSJ reports.• American lawmakers are scrutinizing how users are coaxed into handing over data. So-called dark patterns, like user-interface designs that encourage people to share data that they may otherwise have kept private, are the focus of a new bill introduced by Senators Mark Warner and Deb Fischer.“For years, social media platforms have been relying on all sorts of tricks and tools to convince users to hand over their personal data without really understanding what they are consenting to,” Mr. Warner said in a statement.“Our goal is simple: to instill a little transparency in what remains a very opaque market and ensure that consumers are able to make more informed choices about how and when to share their personal information.”These are the latest efforts to regulate Big Tech, part of a campaign that is gathering pace among lawmakers around the world.U.K. wants to delay Brexit. The E.U. may play hardball.Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain is in Brussels again today for a summit meeting with European leaders, where she will seek an extension to the troubled Brexit process. She’s unlikely to get exactly what she wants.Mrs. May went on a “begging tour,” in the words of the German publication Der Spiegel. She visited Berlin and Paris yesterday to plead with national leaders to grant her more time to salvage her faltering withdrawal plans, Stephen Castle of the NYT explains.Mrs. May wants to delay Brexit until June 30. But that would require her to get a deal through Parliament quickly, which seems unlikely. If she can’t secure an extension, Britain would crash out of the bloc without a deal on Friday.The E.U. is open to a longer postponement. The European Council president, Donald Tusk, is said to prefer an extension as long as a year, Bloomberg reports — with the option of an early exit if the British government ends its deadlock. (France reportedly wants such an extension to carry strict conditions.)The hope for a longer extension is that a deadlock could be broken by any of these events happening by the end of the year:• Parliament approving a deal.• A general election.• A second referendum.• A new prime minister.More: How London banks are trying to dodge Brexit. White House weighs in on Trump’s tax returnsTreasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told House lawmakers yesterday that his department had discussed the potential release of President Trump’s tax returns with White House lawyers.It was the first public acknowledgment that such discussions have taken place. Mr. Mnuchin, whose department oversees the I.R.S., will have a role in deciding whether to honor Democrats’ request for the president’s tax returns.The Treasury secretary said that he hadn’t personally spoken with anyone from the White House, and that the discussions so far had been “informational.” He added that he had not been briefed on the talks otherwise.Democrats have demanded the returns under a legal statute that they say gives them a right to the information. Mr. Trump and his staff have said they will fight the request.Mr. Mnuchin deflected questions on how he will proceed. He told lawmakers that he wouldn’t let politics interfere with his decision, but added that Mr. Trump had a right to privacy.Democrats were angry. “I think the fact that there was any communication with the White House about this is deeply troubling and certainly violates the spirit of the law, if not the letter of the law,” Representative Carolyn Maloney of New York said.Bank of America raises its minimum wage to $20 an hourThe firm said yesterday that it planned to raise its minimum wage over the next two years — just a day before its C.E.O., Brian Moynihan, is set to testify alongside other banking chiefs on Capitol Hill, Emily Flitter of the NYT reports.• Mr. Moynihan said yesterday that Bank of America’s lowest-paid employees would earn $17 an hour starting next month. That will gradually tick up to $20 an hour.• “It was another example of how big banks are trying to deal with shifting political winds in Washington, where they face new scrutiny under the Democrats, who now control the House of Representatives,” Ms. Flitter writes.• Mr. Moynihan and the C.E.O.s of JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs and other banks are scheduled to testify before the House Financial Services Committee this morning.• “The banks’ leaders must explain to progressive representatives like Maxine Waters of California and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York why they are paid more than 700 times what low-wage workers, including some tellers in their branches, earn each year.”• They will also be asked about diversity, fair lending and the financial services industry’s ties to gun makers.You can watch the hearing here at 9 a.m. Eastern.Revolving doorMagic Johnson unexpectedly resigned as the L.A. Lakers’ president after the team failed to make the N.B.A. playoffs.UBS reportedly fired James Boland, who had led its leveraged-finance group in the Americas, for not telling his bosses that his team had altered the terms of a leveraged buyout bond.The speed readDeals• Saudi Aramco raised $12 billion from its bond sale after receiving huge demand from investors. Its debt is cheaper than the Saudi government’s. (Bloomberg)• Uber reportedly hopes to raise about $10 billion from its I.P.O. (Bloomberg)• Wynn Resorts has ended talks to buy Crown Resorts for $7.1 billion. (FT)• AT&T reportedly discussed selling HBO’s European operations to pay down its $170 billion debt. (FT)• Investors are reportedly buying shares of Slack on private markets at a $14 billion valuation, more than twice the company’s last fund-raising round. (Bloomberg)Politics and policy• House Democrats postponed a vote on a budget measure that would increase spending after opposition from both the party’s liberal wing and fiscal hawks. (NYT)• President Trump plans to issue executive orders that would speed up the building of oil and gas pipelines and make it harder for state regulators to interfere. (WaPo)• Lawmakers are pushing a bipartisan bill that would prevent the I.R.S. from offering its own free tax-filing software. (ProPublica)• Attorney General William Barr said that he planned to release a redacted version of the Mueller report “within a week.” (NYT)Boeing• Demand for 737 jets in the first quarter fell 74 percent from the same time last year. (NYT)• Aviation regulators from China and Europe have joined the F.A.A. panel reviewing the safety of the 737 Max 8. (Axios)Trade• The Trump administration said that a plan to impose tariffs on $11 billion worth of E.U. imports was not an attempt to shape a trade deal. (WSJ)• In the past, the E.U. hasn’t worried about China too much as a threat. But at a summit meeting yesterday, that had clearly changed. (NYT)Tech• Microsoft has worked with a Chinese military-run university on A.I. research, some of which could be used for surveillance. (FT)• YouTube had to shut down commenting on the livestream of a House Judiciary Committee hearing on white nationalism after it was overrun by racist comments. (CNBC)• Goldman Sachs is shutting down an in-house email app, in a sign that it’s refocusing how it uses its engineering team. (Business Insider)• Qualcomm is building its own A.I. chips in a bid to compete against Intel and Nvidia. (Reuters)• Malware that was used to disable the safety systems of a petrochemical plant in Saudi Arabia has been used to compromise a second, unnamed industrial facility. (TechCrunch)Best of the rest• Standard Chartered agreed to pay $1.1 billion to settle allegations by the authorities in the U.S. and Britain that it violated money-laundering laws and economic sanctions. (NYT)• PG&E is one of three utilities that failed to protect against cyber and physical attacks, federal regulators said. (WSJ)• Federal officials dismantled a $1.2 billion Medicare fraud scheme that spanned continents and ensnared hundreds of thousands of elderly and disabled patients. (NYT)• JetBlue is expected to begin trans-Atlantic flights. (CNBC)• A former lawyer for SeaWorld Entertainment has pleaded guilty to insider trading. (WSJ)• The Rhine, Germany’s most important shipping route, could again become too shallow for ships to traverse this summer. (Bloomberg)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you tomorrow.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com.CANBERRA, Australia — Australia's prime minister on Thursday called a May 18 election that will be fought on issues including climate change, asylum seekers and economic management."We live in the best country in the world," Prime Minister Scott Morrison told reporters after advising the governor-general to authorize the election."But to secure your future, the road ahead depends on a strong economy. And that's why there is so much at stake at this election," he added.Morrison's conservative coalition is seeking a third three-year term. But Morrison is the third prime minister to lead a divided government in that time and only took the helm in late August.Opinion polls suggest his reign will become one of the shortest in the 118-year history of Australian prime ministers on election day. The polls suggest center-left opposition leader Bill Shorten will become the eighth prime minister since the country plunged into an extraordinary period of political instability in 2007.The election pits Shorten, a former labor union leader who has presented himself as the alternative prime minister for the past six years, and Morrison, a leader who the Australian public is still getting to know.Shorten said in his first news conference since the election was called that his government will take "real action on climate change" and reduce inequality in Australian society if his Labor Party wins power."Australians face a real and vital choice at this election. Do you want Labor's energy, versus the government's tiredness? Labor's focus on the future, versus being stuck in the past?" Shorten said.Morrison is seen as the architect of Australia's tough refugee policy that has all but stopped the people-smuggling traffic of boats from Southeast Asian ports since 2014. The policy has been condemned by human rights groups as an abrogation of Australia's responsibilities as a signatory to the United Nations Refugee Convention.Morrison's first job in Prime Minister Tony Abbott's newly elected coalition government in 2013 was as minister for immigration and border protection. He oversaw the secretive military-run Operation Sovereign Borders.Asylum seekers from the Middle East, Africa and Asia would typically disable or sink their boats when intercepted by patrol ships in waters north of Australia so that the Australian crews would have to rescue them rather than turn the boats away. Under the new regime, the asylum seekers were placed in motorized life boats that were towed back to Indonesia. The life boats had just enough fuel to reach the Indonesian coast. The Indonesian government complained the policy was an affront to Indonesian sovereignty.The government has also maintained a policy adopted in the final months of a Labor government in 2013 of sending boat arrivals to camps on the Pacific island nations of Papua New Guinea and Nauru. Those who attempt to reach Australia by boat are told they will never be allowed to settle there.Morrison remains proud of virtually stopping people-smuggler boat traffic. He has a trophy shaped like a people-smuggler's boat in his office inscribed with "I Stopped These."Labor has promised to maintain the policy of banishing boat arrivals to the islands. But Labor says it would give priority to finding permanent homes for the asylum seekers who have languished in island camps for years.The conservative coalition argues that the boats would start coming again because a Labor government would soften the regime. The government introduced temporary protection visas for boat arrivals so that refugees face potential deportation every three years if the circumstances that they fled in their homelands improve. Labor would give refugees permanent visas so that they have the certainty to plan their lives.Climate change policy is a political battlefield in a country that is the world's largest exporter of coal and liquefied natural gas and has been one of the world's worst greenhouse gas emitters on a per capita basis because of its heavily reliance on coal-fired power generation.Disagreement over energy policy has been a factor in the last six changes of prime minister.Labor Prime Minister Julia Gillard introduced a carbon tax in 2012. Conservative Prime Minister Tony Abbott scrapped it two years later.The coalition is torn between lawmakers who want polluters to pay for their greenhouse gas emissions and those who reject any measures that would increase household power bills.The government aims to reduce Australian greenhouse gas emissions by 26% to 28% below 2005 levels by 2030.Labor has promised a more ambitious target of a 45% reduction in the same time frame.Action on climate change was a major priority for votes when conservative Prime Minister John Howard's reign ended after more than 11 years at an election in 2007.Labor Prime Minister Kevin Rudd immediately signed up to the U.N.'s 1997 Kyoto Protocol on reducing emissions. Australia and the United States had been the only industrialized countries to hold out.Climate change dropped down the list of Australian priorities after the global financial crisis hit.But after Australians sweltered through a record hot summer and grappled with devastating drought, global warming has become a high-priority issue for voters again.The government warns that Labor's emissions reduction plan would wreck the economy.The coalition also argues that Labor would further damage the economy with its policy of reducing tax breaks for landlords as real estate prices fall in Australia's largest cities, Sydney and Melbourne.Morrison boasts that the conservative administration Prime Minister Howard led delivered 10 annual surplus budgets and paid off all federal government debt before the government changed at the 2007 election.Rudd had planned a budget surplus in his government's first fiscal year, but the global financial crisis struck.Many economists congratulate Rudd for keeping the Australian economy out of recession through stimulus spending. The coalition has accused Labor of spending too much and sinking Australia too deep in debt,But debt has continued to mount since the conservatives regained the reins in 2013. But opinion polls suggest voters consider the conservatives to be better economic managers.The government brought forward its annual budget blueprint by a month to April 2 and revealed a plan to balance Australia's books in the next fiscal year for the first time in 12 years.Labor also promised to deliver a surplus budget in the year starting July 1, but it has yet to detail how it will achieve this goal.Labor has also promised to spend an additional AU$2.3 billion ($1.6 billion) over four years on covering treatment costs of cancer patients. It's an attractive offer with half Australia's population expected to be diagnosed with some form of the disease in their lifetimes.The conservatives have largely taken credit for Australia's remarkable run of 28 years of economic growth since its last recession under Labor's rule.Morrison hopes that voters will look to him to deliver a sequel to the Howard years when a mining boom delivered ever-increasing budget surpluses.Scammers and cheats are the paradigmatic figures of our age, and not just because a con man is president of the United States. Again and again in recent years, people who’ve scaled the cultural heights have been revealed as audacious frauds. The systems and institutions that confer status in our society keep being exposed as Ponzi schemes. Grift is turning into our central national narrative.There are cons in every period — in the 2000s we had Enron, Bernie Madoff, and James Frey’s pseudo-memoir “A Million Little Pieces.” But there’s something distinct and era-defining about the current crop of high-profile scams. They hinge on the buying, selling and stealing of cultural capital, taking advantage of preconceived ideas of what success looks like. They’re made possible by the ephemerality of an economy where, to quote Ivanka Trump, heiress to a scamming dynasty, “If someone perceives something to be true, it is more important than if it is in fact true.”Elizabeth Holmes, founder of the biotech start-up Theranos, raised hundreds of millions of dollars by styling herself as a beautiful distaff Steve Jobs, a Stanford dropout who promised to disrupt the medical field. She incarnated an unattainably ascetic Silicon Valley ideal; as The New York Times T magazine once described her, “She only pauses in her work to run — seven miles a day.” Elites adored her — Bill Clinton interviewed her on stage at the Clinton Global Initiative in 2015, and Rupert Murdoch and Betsy DeVos invested in Theranos. But her company’s core technology didn’t work, and she’s now facing up to 20 years in prison on fraud and conspiracy charges. Her story is the subject of a best-selling book, a hit podcast and a feature film that’s set to star Jennifer Lawrence. A documentary directed by Alex Gibney premieres on HBO next week.[Listen to “The Argument” podcast every Thursday morning, with Ross Douthat, Michelle Goldberg and David Leonhardt.]The Fyre Festival leveraged the modern malady of FOMO, or fear of missing out. Promoters used supermodels and social media influencers to sell packages that cost as much as $12,000 for what was supposed to be a highly Instagrammable music festival in the Bahamas. Attendees, expecting to show off pictures of themselves living like rock stars, arrived to find what looked like a soggy half-built refugee camp. The festival’s co-founder, Billy McFarland, has since been sentenced to six years in prison by a judge who called him a “serial fraudster.” It’s the subject of two recent documentaries.There are lots more. In a New Yorker piece last month, Dan Mallory, who wrote the best-selling thriller “The Woman in the Window” under the pseudonym A.J. Finn, was revealed to be a charming but highly manipulative fabulist who lied about having a Ph.D. from Oxford, among other things. (His book reportedly has striking similarities to a 1995 Sigourney Weaver movie called, amazingly, “Copycat.”) Anna Delvey — whose real name is Anna Sorokin — posed as a rich woman planning to open a chic arts club and wormed her way into New York society before being indicted for scamming hundreds of thousands of dollars from acquaintances and hotels. Shonda Rhimes is making a Netflix series based on her story.And now, the high-profile fraudster who has captured the country’s attention is William Singer, who masterminded — and then helped the F.B.I. expose — the college cheating scandal that has swept up famous actresses, wealthy executives and athletic coaches.Fittingly, it seems that Singer once aspired to make a reality TV show about the college admissions process, which he called, on a 2010 audition tape obtained by TMZ, a “game.” He recognized that the players aren’t high school students, but rich parents who are competing against their friends. Singer described how parents would call him frantically on Sunday morning, after Saturday night dinner parties where they heard all about the accomplishments of their friends’ kids.Among the many reasons this scandal is so fascinating and so maddening is that it reveals the college admissions process itself as something of a con. Families across the country gear their lives toward a competition to help their children secure a spot in a top college, and hopefully a foothold in the meritocracy. Adolescence becomes, for many, a grind of test-taking and extracurricular activities that leaves kids anxious and exhausted. But poor and middle-class students are playing a game that’s rigged in favor of richer families who wield countless advantages, only the most of extravagant of which are illegal.If they get in to selective colleges, those who aren’t rich often take out giant student loans that will burden them throughout their adulthood. And for what? Education is a priceless thing, but in most cases that’s not really what the elite college competition is about.The point is a very specific kind of exchange. Smart kids get to make connections with kids whose parents bought their way in, helpful since the rich kids are the ones who are likely to end up with power in the wider world. Rich kids learn to act smart. They all get a credential that entitles them to a higher place in the social hierarchy than they might have otherwise. In a highly stratified country, social mobility can be a confidence game.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram. The new jobs numbers reported Friday are not spectacular by the standards of the last couple of years. But they also signify a sigh of relief.A weak job growth number in February had appeared to be the most solid evidence yet that the United States economy was slowing, and perhaps even that the expansion might be near an end. The Labor Department originally reported that employers added a mere 20,000 jobs that month. Even after new revisions, that number came in at only 33,000.The March number — 196,000 positions added last month — makes clear that February was an aberration, not a trend. For all the fluctuations in financial markets and pessimistic commentary at the end of last year, the great American job creation machine is still humming.Over the last six months, the economy has averaged 207,000 new jobs a month, which is actually better than the results in 2017 and only slightly behind the rates of 2018.But even as the numbers give some assurance that the economy isn’t falling off a cliff, there’s nothing in it that will give the Federal Reserve reason to reconsider its approach on interest rates.Average hourly earnings rose only 0.1 percent in March, and are up 3.2 percent over the last year. Inflation is low enough that this represents rising incomes for American workers. But this is hardly the stuff of an inflationary outbreak that the Fed will feel compelled to stop with an increase in interest rates.The Fed, which has decided to put off rate increases indefinitely, has become increasingly comfortable with a tight labor market and jobless rates that, in the past, it would have viewed as a precursor to overheating. With the March rate at 3.8 percent, the jobless rate has been at 4 percent or lower for a full year.The stable unemployment rate in March masked negative trends in the share of Americans looking for work. The labor force participation rate fell by 0.2 of a percentage point, and the ratio of the adult population working fell by 0.1 percent.That is probably a statistical aberration, but taken at face value it implies that the progress toward pulling more Americans into the work force has not been as consistent and compelling as it had seemed.Combined with other significant data points — like surveys of business activity and retail sales — the latest readings on the labor market support the idea that this is a resilient economy. In December, a sharp sell-off in the stock market coincided with a rise in pessimism in surveys of business leaders.The report is a reminder that even if growth slows in 2019, which forecasters expect, a slowdown is not the same as a recession, and certainly not the same as a collapse. So far, the ominous signs about the economy — such as longer-term interest rates falling below some short-term rates, and weak reports on retail sales in December and on the labor market in February — are not reasons to panic.In other words, as long as employers ignore the latest fluctuations in financial markets and make their hiring and investment decisions based on demand for their products (which is strong) and availability of credit (which is easy), this expansion should have room to run yet.President Trump, you surely could not have wanted your partial government shutdown, your tariffs, your corporate tax cuts and your war on undocumented immigrants to hobble economic growth and to hurt farmers, factory workers, airline passengers, government contractors, retailers, Coast Guard members and F.B.I. agents. But the economy can take only so many bad policies.A $19.4 trillion economy is losing momentum as fast as your approval ratings. Growth is slowing down in spite of a $1.5 trillion tax cut that is blowing up the deficit while helping companies like Goldman Sachs, which earned $2.5 billion in the fourth quarter, thanks in part to a $467 million tax benefit. Government workers have already missed an average of $5,000 in pay because of the shutdown. These unpaid federal employees may represent only 0.53 percent of all payrolls, according to the economist Ian Shepherdson, but because these employees have above-average earnings, the harm to the economy is greater than that proportion might suggest. Presumably, they’ll get back those wages at some point. Even then, some of those earnings will have to go to pay late fees on credit card and mortgage bills that are piling up. None of that money, though, will compensate for restaurant meals not eaten; movies not seen; Frappuccinos not sipped; or supermarket runs not made, at least not by Coast Guard members who are heading to food banks instead. Those sales, and sales taxes, are lost forever.The shutdown is also aggravating damage you’ve already caused. You must have thought your audience was just a bunch of hayseeds when you told the American Farm Bureau Federation this week that “we’re setting records together for farmers and for agriculture.” Farmers are losing sales to China, Mexico, Canada and elsewhere because of your trade policy. They’ve lost customers who may never return. And now, because of the shutdown, they can’t get services ranging from crop financing to vital information about commodity supplies from the Department of Agriculture. Farmers have crucial decisions to make before the spring planting season begins, and the shutdown is keeping them in the dark. And in the red.Will that mean they’ll start buying less machinery, too? The manufacturing sector could be running out of steam. Both the Institute for Supply Management’s manufacturing index and the Empire State manufacturing index, leading indicators of activity in that segment, turned sharply lower amid concerns over tariffs and a slowing Chinese economy. Nor can the steel industry that you tried to protect with tariffs escape market forces. Prices for steel have fallen drastically after the industry first tried to use the tariffs to raise prices. Customers don’t take kindly to being price-gouged, and they adjust their purchases accordingly.Damage from the trade war with China is spreading. China’s economic growth is expected to slow to 6.3 percent this year, the worst in decades, in part because of the Trump tariffs. This means China buys less from every nation. The export-focused German economy slowed last year because of diminished exports to China. Any sluggishness in Germany reverberates around Europe and then ultimately makes it way across the ocean. The World Bank has already taken its global growth estimates down a notch — and the risks are increasing.Even what seemed like sweet news to your supporters in the mining industry has turned sour. The “war on coal is over,” your former Environmental Protection Agency boss said, pulling back pollution regulations that protect our air and our health. He was right; it is over, and coal lost. Production in 2018 is expected to have hit a 39-year low. Utilities, out of concern for expenses more than over the environment, continue to replace their coal-burning plants with cleaner, cheaper gas-burning units, as well as wind and solar generators.Your immigration policies aren’t working out so well for the economy, either. Last year, many business owners, in both high-tech and low-tech areas, complained that they didn’t have enough workers. We need more immigrants, not fewer. Meanwhile, the shutdown is hurting businesses as varied as craft beer and airlines. Brewers can’t get required government approval for new labels. And airline passengers are responding to the growing lines at airports by delaying travel. Once a jet takes off, the potential revenue from an empty seat takes off with it. And doesn't return. Delta reports that it expects flat revenues in the current quarter in part because federal employees are traveling less. Some airports, such as Miami International, have been forced to close terminals temporarily because of a shortage of Transportation Security Administration employees who, understandably enough, have been less than enthusiastic about showing up for work without pay. That, in turn, means fewer hours for the service workers staffing the ticket counters, hauling bags, or maintaining the terminal’s restrooms. Elsewhere in those terminals, lost wage hours can’t be returned to the folks behind the counters at Starbucks, Auntie Anne’s pretzel shops or other stores that populate airports. Most Americans wouldn’t know if Auntie Anne’s sold fewer pretzels in the Miami airport, or if a farmer in Minnesota decided not to plant another 10 acres of wheat because she couldn’t finance it. But all of these millions of individual rational decisions make up our economy, which is being undone by your irrational policies.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.LONDON — Britain will suffer economic damage equivalent to the loss of at least 2-3 years of normal growth between now and the end of 2021 if it leaves the European Union without an exit deal, the International Monetary Fund warned on Tuesday.The world's fifth-biggest economy could quit the EU as soon as Friday, disrupting its ties with the bloc that it joined 46 years ago, if Prime Minister Theresa May cannot agree a delay with EU leaders on Wednesday.The IMF said that even in a relatively orderly no-deal Brexit scenario -- with no delays at borders and minimal financial market turmoil -- the economy would grow 3.5 percent less by the end of 2021 than it would under a smoother Brexit."The increase in trade barriers has an immediate negative impact on UK foreign and domestic demand," the IMF said.The EU economy would suffer too but by much less than Britain, facing an estimated 0.5 percent hit to gross domestic product compared with a smooth Brexit scenario, the IMF said.British exports to the EU and other countries which have trade deals with the bloc would face new tariffs and regulatory barriers if Britain reverted to the World Trade Organisation rules favoured by some Brexit supporters.Supporters of an abrupt Brexit have accused the IMF of making politically motivated forecasts in the past.In its report on Tuesday, the fund said a worse-case no-deal Brexit scenario involving border delays and financial market turmoil would increase the damage to about 4 percent of GDP by 2021.The forecasts took into account the British government's plans not to impose tariffs on most categories of imports in the event of a no-deal Brexit, and also assumed that the Bank of England would cut interest rates.BoE Governor Mark Carney gave broadly similar estimates of the cost of a no-deal Brexit last month, when he said preparations by government and businesses could mitigate only some of the damage of a no-deal Brexit.A spokesman for Britain's finance ministry said the government wanted to leave the EU with a deal but was getting ready for a possible no-deal Brexit.The IMF downgraded its forecast for economic growth in Britain this year to 1.2 percent from a forecast of 1.5 percent it made three months ago, which would be the weakest since 2009.Growth for 2020 was seen picking up to 1.4 percent, but in both years Britain's economy was predicted to grow less than the euro zone, in contrast to before the 2016 Brexit referendum."The downward revisions ... reflect the negative effect of prolonged uncertainty about the Brexit outcome, only partially offset by the positive impact from fiscal stimulus announced in the 2019 budget," the IMF said.The BoE should take a "cautious, data-dependent" approach to monetary policy, it added. (Reporting by David Milliken; Editing by William Schomberg)LONDON — Britain's economy unexpectedly grew in February, helped by clients of manufacturers rushing to stockpile goods ahead of Brexit, official data showed on Wednesday.Gross domestic product grew by 0.2 percent from January, the Office for National Statistics said.Economists taking part in a Reuters poll had expected zero growth.Britain's economy has held up better than many economists expected since the 2016 Brexit referendum although it has slowed ahead of its departure from the European Union and as the world economy loses momentum.The International Monetary Fund said on Tuesday that Britain would grow by 1.2 percent in 2019 -- as long as it avoids the shock of a no-deal Brexit. That would be faster than Germany's 0.8 percent and only a touch slower than France's 1.3 percent.However, Britain still looks set for its weakest growth in a decade this year, according to forecasts from the IMF and the Bank of England which assume a Brexit deal will be done.Prime Minister Theresa May will seek a new delay to Brexit when she meets EU leaders on Wednesday, just two days before Britain is due to leave the bloc without the cushion of a transition deal.Wednesday's data showed that over the three months to February, the economy grew by 0.3 percent, holding at the same pace as in January -- which was revised up from a previous estimate -- and stronger than a forecast of 0.2 percent in the Reuters poll.Manufacturing output jumped by 0.9 percent in February from January, stronger than all forecasts in the Reuters poll and accounting for about half of the overall economic growth rate.The ONS said it seen signs that clients of manufacturers were stockpiling goods to get ahead of any border delays in the event of a no-deal Brexit which was scheduled for March 29 but was subsequently delayed.An ONS official said orders were being brought forward to beat the Brexit schedule, suggesting a likely drag on the numbers for coming months. The statistics office said it could not quantify the impact of stockpiling on the data. Britain's dominant services sector grew by 0.1 percent in monthly terms in February, held back by the 12th fall in a row in the financial services sector - the longest such run on record -- while construction rose by 0.4 percent.There were signs that the slowdown in the global economy was also weighing on Britain's economy.Export volumes fell by 0.4 percent in the three months to February from the three months to November while imports jumped by 6.8 percent.So far, Britain's exporters have shown no sign of being helped by the fall in the value of the pound caused by the 2016 Brexit referendum.The ONS said it could not say whether the increase in imports was driven by pre-Brexit stockpiling.  (Reporting by William Schomberg and Andy Bruce; uk.economics@reuters.com, Tel +44 20 7542 7778)WASHINGTON — The risk that global economic growth could slow more than expected spurred a call on Friday from top finance officials for countries to overcome trade differences and opt for multilateral cooperation and "timely policy action."Policymakers from the Group of 20 industrialized countries are worried that the weakness evident in key economies could spread, especially if elevated trade tensions, such as those between the United States and China, escalate further. "The balance of risks remains skewed to the downside," Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso said at a news conference following a meeting of G20 finance ministers and central bankers. "We recognise the risk that growth prospects might deteriorate if weakening in key economies feed into each other."Aso's remarks dovetail with those of other officials gathered in Washington for the spring meetings of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund, many of whom fret that self-inflicted wounds from protectionist trade policies are to blame for the weakness. The week's proceedings kicked off with another downgrade of global growth estimates from the IMF.Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda emphasised the need for countries to take steps to foster a more dynamic global economy."There was a shared understanding among the G20 members that each country needs to take timely policy action," Kuroda said at the news conference.As the chair country of this year's G20 proceedings, Japan wants to deepen talks on global imbalances - an effort to divert Washington's attention from bilateral trade imbalances and stave off U.S. pressure to negotiate two-way trade deals.German Finance Minister Olaf Scholz, speaking at an event on the sidelines of the meetings in Washington, said the rules-based order of multilateralism is increasingly under threat and leaders must uphold international cooperation.Scholz called on the United States to overcome trade differences with Europe, which erupted again this week when U.S. President Donald Trump threatened to impose tariffs on $11 billion worth of European Union products, including commercial aircraft."I believe this is a matter of principle, it's not just about achieving some short-term economic gain. It's not about the art of the deal," Scholz said in reference to the best-selling business advice book credited to Trump.Scholz's consternation is understandable given the global downshift in growth is most evident at the moment in Europe, where the outlook has been further clouded by the uncertainty over Britain's departure from the European Union.An internal European Central Bank model presented to policymakers on Wednesday indicates euro zone growth was just above 0.2 percent in the first three months of the year and could be somewhat weaker in the second quarter, two sources told Reuters on Friday.IMF FUNDINGThe Trump administration was also at odds with other IMF stakeholders on the need to boost the global lender's resources and update its governance, although it does support extending a portion of the IMF's $254 billion crisis fund.Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin repeated the U.S. opposition to increasing overall funding and shareholding quotas, likely meaning the effort to lift IMF funding and reshuffle voting rights was a dead issue at this week's meetings.The voting quotas were last altered nearly a decade ago."In our view, the IMF currently has ample resources to achieve its mission, and countries also have considerable complementary resources should a crisis emerge," Mnuchin said in a statement for the IMF's steering committee meeting that was posted on the IMF's website on Friday.Without U.S. backing for an update to the IMF's stakeholding weights, there was little prospect for a change at this week's meetings."There is no majority in sight for any changes regarding IMF quotas," a German official said on condition of anonymity.The IMF's last quota increase was agreed in 2010, boosting the shareholding and influence of major emerging markets including China and Brazil.The IMF has current total lending capacity of about $1 trillion, including the New Arrangements to Borrow crisis fund that was greatly expanded in 2009 at the depths of the last financial crisis.That fund is set to expire in November 2022. Mnuchin said it was important for the IMF to maintain sufficient financial resources to respond to potential crises. British finance minister Philip Hammond expressed concern the lack of a funding boost could hamper the IMF's ability to step in to help Venezuela respond to its worsening humanitarian and economic crisis. "This set of meetings is crucial to the debate about IMF quotas and funding for the IMF," Hammond said."We all anticipate that as events unfold in Venezuela, at some point there will be a need for a major programme to support Venezuela. So the UK is very keen to ensure that the IMF in particular is properly funded."Oil-rich Venezuela is embroiled in political and economic turmoil as socialist President Nicolas Maduro battles to retain power in the face of U.S. and Western powers' backing of opposition leader Juan Guaido.IMF and World Bank shareholders, meanwhile, are still undecided on whether to recognise Guaido as the South American nation's leader. (Reporting by David Lawder, David Milliken, Jason Lange, Leika Kihara, Michael Nienaber, Balazs Koranyi and Jan Strupczewski; Writing by Dan Burns; Editing by Paul Simao)The other day I issued a warning about the Chinese economy. It is, I wrote, “emerging as a danger spot in a world economy that really, really doesn’t need this right now.”Unfortunately, the other day was more than 6 years ago. And it’s not just me. Many people have been predicting a China crisis for a long time, and it has kept on not happening.But now China seems to be stumbling again. Is this the moment when all the prophecies of big trouble in big China finally come true? Honestly, I have no idea.On one side, China’s problems are real. On the other, the Chinese government – hindered neither by rigid ideology nor by anything resembling a democratic political process – has repeatedly shown its ability and willingness to do whatever it takes to prop up its economy. It’s really anyone’s guess whether this time will be different, or whether Xi-who-must-be-obeyed can pull out another recovery.But maybe this is another example of Dornbusch’s Law, named after my old teacher Rudi Dornbusch: The crisis takes a much longer time coming than you think, and then it happens much faster than you would have thought. So it seems useful to summarize why people have been worried about China, and why China’s troubles are a problem for the rest of the world.The fundamental problem with the Chinese economy is that it’s highly unbalanced: It has extremely high levels of investment, seemingly without enough domestic consumption to justify that investment. You might be tempted to say this doesn’t matter, that China can just export its surplus production to other countries. But while there was a period from the mid-2000s to the early 2010s when China ran huge trade surpluses, those days are past.Figure 1 shows Chinese investment (left scale) and its current account balance (a broad measure of the trade balance, right scale), both as percentages of GDP. That investment number is huge by anyone’s standards; it’s hard to see how companies can avoid running into strongly diminishing returns.It’s true that very high investment can be sustained for a long time in a rapidly growing economy (the so-called accelerator effect.) And China has indeed achieved incredible growth. But the potential for future growth is falling, for a couple of reasons. One is that as Chinese technology converges on that of advanced countries, the room for rapid improvement through borrowing declines. The other is that China’s one-child policy has produced demography that looks a lot like Europe or Japan. Figure 2 shows China’s working-age population, which has stopped growing.So China really can’t keep investing 40-plus percent of GDP. It needs to shift over to higher consumption, which it could do by returning more profits from state-owned enterprises to the public, strengthening the social safety net, and so on. But it keeps not doing that.Instead, the Chinese government has been piling on loans to businesses and state-owned enterprises, pushing the SOEs to spend more, and so on. Basically it has kept investment going despite low returns. Yet this process has to have some limits – and when it hits the (great) wall, it’s hard to see how consumption can rise fast enough to take up the slack.However, if this sounds like a compelling case, bear in mind that it’s the same case I and others made in 2011. So apply appropriate skepticism.What are the global consequences if China does get into trouble? The important thing to realize here is that China no longer runs huge trade surpluses with the world as a whole (the U.S. bilateral deficit is exceptional and deceptive.) And as a result China has become a major market. Figure 3 shows China’s imports from other countries as a percentage of world GDP; they’ve gotten quite big. For another perspective, in 2017 Chinese imports were $2.2 trillion, compared with $2.9 trillion for the US; they’re almost as much of a locomotive for the world economy as we are.ImageFigure 3CreditWorld Bank, IMFWhat this means is that a Chinese stumble would hit the world economy pretty hard, with special damage to commodity exporters (including U.S. farmers).In other words, there are scary things out there besides Trump and Brexit.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.WASHINGTON — A bigger-than-expected slowdown in China's economy is among key risks to global growth, International Monetary Fund Deputy Managing Director Mitsuhiro Furusawa warned, as G20 finance leaders gather to discuss a darkening world economic outlook.Furusawa said China's slowdown so far has been moderate and Beijing has the necessary tools to underpin growth, helping keep Asia a key driver of the global economy.But he warned that uncertainty over China's growth outlook was among risks to the global economy, as well as the chance of an abrupt tightening of market conditions if Sino-U.S. trade talks take an unexpected turn for the worse."One would be the trade friction, which is weighing not just on trade volume but investment," Furusawa said on risks to the global outlook. "If China's economy slows more than expected, that's also a risk to the global economy," he told Reuters on Wednesday.Trade frictions and China's slowdown are among factors finance leaders of the Group of 20 major economies will discuss when they meet this week on the sidelines of the IMF meetings.China's economy expanded at a 6.6 percent rate last year, the slowest rate of expansion since 1990, stoking concern that slumping demand in the world's second-largest economy could prolong weaknesses in global growth.The IMF expects China's growth to slow further to 6.3 percent this year, though the forecast was an upgrade from its projection made three months ago.Furusawa said China should not lose sight of the need to undertake structural reforms to address problems like excess capacity and rising debt, even as it seeks to spur growth with short-term stimulus measures."That's a crucial point and Chinese authorities understand this well," he said. "It's undesirable for China, or any other country, to keep relying on stimulus measures for too long. You need structural reform to strengthen economic fundamentals."Furusawa said the decisions by U.S. and European central banks to pause in their efforts to normalise monetary policy were desirable not just for Asia but for the entire world economy given weakening growth.But he said central banks should not be the only game in town when aiming for sustainable economic growth."Given current conditions, we support the current accommodative monetary policy stance," said Furusawa, a former top Japanese currency diplomat."That said, monetary easing must remain data dependent and be well communicated. Countries need to undertake necessary structural reforms that will help them achieve sustainable growth," he added. (Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Andrea Ricci)TOKYO — Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Monday the country's economy was expected to continue expanding moderately, although exports and output could feel the pinch from slowing overseas demand.He also said Japan's financial system remained stable."Core consumer inflation is expected to gradually accelerate toward 2 percent as the output gap remains positive, and medium- to long-term inflation expectations heighten," Kuroda said in a speech at a quarterly meeting of the central bank's regional branch managers.Under a policy dubbed yield curve control, the BOJ guides short-term interest rates at minus 0.1 percent and the 10-year government bond yield around zero percent in an effort to achieve its 2 percent inflation target. (Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Chris Gallagher)WASHINGTON — The partial government shutdown is inflicting far greater damage on the United States economy than previously estimated, the White House acknowledged on Tuesday, as President Trump’s economists doubled projections of how much economic growth is being lost each week the standoff with Democrats continues.The revised estimates from the Council of Economic Advisers show that the shutdown, now in its fourth week, is beginning to have real economic consequences. The analysis, and other projections from outside the White House, suggests that the shutdown has already weighed significantly on growth and could ultimately push the United States economy into a contraction.While Vice President Mike Pence previously played down the shutdown’s effects amid a “roaring” economy, White House officials are now cautioning Mr. Trump about the toll it could take on a sustained economic expansion. Mr. Trump, who has hitched his political success to the economy, also faces other economic headwinds, including slowing global growth, a trade war with China and the waning effects of a $1.5 trillion tax cut.To blunt the shutdown’s effects, the administration on Tuesday called tens of thousands of employees back to work, without pay, to process tax returns, ensure flight safety and inspect food and drugs. But some people involved in the shutdown discussions in the White House have privately said they anticipate that Mr. Trump will grow anxious about the economic impact in the coming days, accelerating an end to the stalemate. Others close to the president believe Mr. Trump has leverage and are encouraging him to stand by his demands.For now, the White House shows no signs of being ready to relent, and Kevin Hassett, the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, continued to blame Democrats for the economic damage.“Congress needs to look at the harms that we’re talking about,” Mr. Hassett said, “and address them.”Mr. Hassett said on Tuesday that the administration now calculates that the shutdown reduces quarterly economic growth by 0.13 percentage points for every week that it lasts — the cumulative effect of lost work from contractors and furloughed federal employees who are not getting paid and who are investing and spending less as a result. That means that the economy has already lost nearly half a percentage point of growth from the four-week shutdown. (Last year, economic growth for the first quarter totaled 2.2 percent.)Mr. Hassett, attempting to illustrate the pain caused by the shutdown, said on Tuesday that one of his furloughed staff members had begun driving for Uber to make ends meet.Mr. Trump has demanded that Democrats, who control the House of Representatives, include $5.7 billion for a border wall in any measure to fund the government. Democrats have refused and, along with some Republicans, have tried to persuade the president to reopen the government and negotiate border security afterward. The House has passed several bills to fund parts of the government, including the Internal Revenue Service, that are not related to border security. Senate Republicans have declined to schedule votes on those bills.On Tuesday, in an effort to try to splinter the Democrats’ opposition, the White House invited several House Democrats from districts Mr. Trump won to discuss a path forward. None showed up.The impasse has left 800,000 federal employees furloughed or working without pay, along with throwing thousands of government contractors at least temporarily off the job.Mr. Hassett said it was possible that the damage could grow. He also said much of the damage should be repaired once the shutdown ends and workers get back pay. But he acknowledged that the shutdown could permanently reduce growth expectations if businesses and markets begin to expect that Congress and the president will repeat the experience again and again.Some economists have begun to warn that such a situation is likely and that economic confidence could be undermined as businesses, consumers and investors lose faith in the ability of political leaders to find agreement on issues like raising the federal debt limit and approving trade deals.That lack of confidence could snowball into a self-inflicted economic contraction on the heels of what appears to have been the nation’s strongest year of growth since the 2008 financial crisis. Financial markets are already highly volatile amid concerns about the trade fight with China, slowing global growth and signs of weakness in American housing and manufacturing sectors.“The economy could easily stall in the first quarter, and then the question is what happens in the second” if the shutdown persists, said Ian Shepherdson, the chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics. “The longer it goes on, the longer it takes to recover.”If the shutdown continues through the end of March, Mr. Shepherdson said in a research note, he would expect the economy to shrink in the first quarter. While federal workers are likely to receive back pay once the furlough ends, most government contractors will not, and the longer spending is depressed, the higher the risk that the businesses they run or patronize will fail, Mr. Shepherdson said.The shutdown “is threatening to derail this economic expansion,” Bernard Baumohl, the chief global economist for the Economic Outlook Group, said in a research note on Tuesday. Its effect on federal workers’ spending plans is particularly worrisome for the automotive and housing markets, which were already showing signs of trouble before the shutdown, he said.On Tuesday, a Federal Reserve Bank of New York survey showed weakening manufacturing activity in the United States, the latest in a line of similar warnings. Economists at JPMorgan Chase called the data an early indication of additional slowing in the sector, adding that the shutdown was probably hurting business sentiment.Michael L. Corbat, the chief executive of Citigroup, told analysts on Monday that “right now, we see the biggest risk in the global economy as one of talking ourselves into a recession.”With no end in sight, federal workers appear ready to seek alternate employment before things get worse.The online jobs site Indeed analyzed job search behavior from mid-December through mid-January for workers at some affected federal agencies, including the I.R.S. and Transportation Security Administration. It found clicks on job listings rose at least 17 percent for each of those worker groups over that period, a sign that employees affected by the shutdown “are searching for jobs more right now than they usually do at this time of year,” said Martha Gimbel, Indeed’s director of economic research.“With the shutdown occurring in a tight labor market, many workers have other options, and they seem to be trying to take advantage of them,” Ms. Gimbel said. “If the shutdown leads to a loss of talent for the federal government, it could be harder for it to compete for new hires in a labor market this tight.”That might already be happening inside the White House. Mr. Hassett said on Tuesday that a prospective new hire had told the council that he might turn down the job he had been offered out of graduate school because the government is unable to bring him onto the payroll.HONG KONG — For years, no matter what was happening elsewhere, global companies bet billions upon billions of dollars that China’s consumers would keep spending money.Now, just when the world economy could use their financial firepower, they are holding back, worried about the country’s slowing growth, a trade war with the United States and  rising amounts of personal debt.Zhao Zheng, 26, is among the cost-conscious consumers.On Thursday, Mr. Zhao, a real estate agent, was browsing smartphones made by Xiaomi, a Chinese rival to Apple that prices its handsets at a fraction of what the American tech giant charges for iPhones. He said the success in China of Xiaomi and Miniso, a chain of low-cost variety stores, suggested that Chinese consumers were looking to get more for their money.“The economy,” Mr. Zhao said, “is definitely very bad.”A significant pullback could have a big impact on a world looking for engines of growth, on companies that counted on China’s continuing expansion and on global investors who have long viewed Chinese consumers as a steady source of profits.Stock markets stumbled again on Thursday, in part over concerns that American companies and manufacturers are starting to feel the effects from the slowdown in China and the trade war. The S&P 500 sank 2.5 percent, while shares of Apple dropped nearly 10 percent after the company unexpectedly slashed its financial forecast, citing disappointing iPhones sales in the country.The rise of the Chinese consumer is not over yet, and Apple’s disappointing numbers stem in part from the company’s own decisions. But the weakness at Apple followed reams of other data — declining car sales, faltering retail sales, a slumping property market, a tougher job market — that signal Chinese consumers may be losing their once unshakable confidence.The sagging confidence could undermine China’s efforts to redirect its economy and spur growth.The Chinese government hopes consumers will become a greater source of economic growth as the country’s longtime reliance on government-sponsored infrastructure projects and old-line industries like steel and cement pays ever-smaller dividends. In recent years, Beijing has rolled out a huge social safety net, tax breaks and other incentives to get people to spend more of their own money on the trappings of middle-class life.The spending slowdown in China could be a worrying sign for many of America’s biggest companies, too, at a time when their profits and stock prices are under pressure.Greater China — a region that includes mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan — is Apple’s third-largest market after the United States and Europe, accounting for $52 billion in annual sales in the company’s most recent fiscal year. General Motors, through local joint ventures, sells more cars in China than it does in the United States. Eight percent of Procter & Gamble’s total sales in 2017 came from Greater China.Other companies are also feeling the pinch. China’s auto market, the biggest in the world, saw sales fall during the first 11 months of last year. Sales of all smartphones fell by 13 percent in the third quarter of 2018.Chinese consumers continued to spend relatively briskly during other recent slowdowns, and they could still help get the country’s economy back on track. But they have reasons to be reticent now.By many measures, the country’s growth has slowed because of government efforts to wean the economy off a heavy reliance on borrowing as well as other policies that have shaken the confidence of the country’s entrepreneurs.“China is at a turning point in its economy,” said Andrew Collier, the founder of research firm Orient Capital Research. “They’ve basically been on a debt-fueled binge for a decade.” He added, “It’s difficult to turn the ship from industry to consumer at a time of rough waters.”For many people, circumstances have changed.China has too many apartments that home buyers do not want, depressing a property market that is the largest source of wealth for Chinese households. The stock market lost around a quarter of its value in 2018.And although they  have a long way to go to catch up to Americans, Chinese households are laboring under growing amounts of debt. Unorthodox Chinese lenders like the online shadow-banking networks known as peer-to-peer lenders are stumbling, giving consumers fewer places to borrow more.Declining business confidence, rising labor costs and the trade war with the United States also appear to be hurting the job market.China does not disclose reliable unemployment data. But a recent survey by Mr. Collier of job postings, recruitment ads, numbers of applicants on recruitment websites and interviews with corporate managers suggested labor demand had weakened significantly. Hiring demand in import and export industries has been hit especially hard, falling 53 percent in the third quarter compared with a year earlier, the survey found.Against that backdrop, it is not surprising that many consumers are looking for ways to spend less.Wang Xiaochuan, who made about $145,000 a year as a pharmaceutical sales representative in Yantai in 2015, now makes less than a third of that thanks to a tightening of regulations on the drug industry. He has cut back his spending, buying Clarks shoes instead of the more expensive Ecco brand, or Coach goods rather than Louis Vuitton.“I’m hearing a lot more bad news about the economy than good news now,” he said.In a country with an aspirational culture that for decades has encouraged people to get rich, Apple has long held a special place. Having a new iPhone meant its owner had made it. Seven years ago, the release of a new iPhone set off scuffles in front of an Apple store in Beijing.But price increases have put the iPhone beyond the reach of more and more Chinese buyers. An iPhone XR starts at 6,499 yuan, or about $950, just over two and a half months’ worth of disposable income for the average Chinese person.Rumors once circulated about young people selling kidneys to buy an iPhone. Now, the online joke goes, it would cost two kidneys.On the last day of 2018, William Tan, a 30-year-old university teacher in the southern city of Nanning, replaced his iPhone 7 with a phone made by Huawei, the Chinese telecommunications giant. Although the Huawei phone cost more than $700, about a month’s salary for him, it was still more than $200 cheaper than the base iPhone XR. He had used an iPhone 5, 6 and 7. But when his iPhone 7 broke down, he found he could no longer afford the latest iPhone.The Huawei phone, he said, works fairly smoothly and takes better photos than the iPhone.“I won’t choose Apple again at this price range,” he said.Chinese consumers are by no means done with certain discretionary purchases. Spending on movie tickets and services remains strong, economists said.But the consumer slowdown could worsen if Beijing does not address its economic problems.“The question is whether China can stabilize economic growth when it is facing economic headwinds,” said Wei Li, senior China economist at Standard Chartered.“If the labor market does worsen in 2019 or if financial conditions don’t improve, if the stock market remains low, all this could weigh on consumer confidence,” Mr. Li said.Given the uncertainty, many Chinese spenders will most likely continue to scrimp.Wu Yan, a tech company worker who was looking at Xiaomi phones on Thursday afternoon, said he had also tried Apple and Huawei phones and had decided they were not much different from one another. What matters, he said, was the apps, and they work the same from phone to phone.But Mr. Wu, 40, also said many middle-class Chinese people like him had reached a stage where their work was stable, their income was secure and they no longer needed to show off their spending power. His computer at home? It’s four or five years old now, but it still works fine.“Now we spend just to fulfill our needs,” he said.WASHINGTON — The impact of a partial government shutdown began to ripple across the economy as it stretched into Day 17, with mortgage applications delayed, public companies unable to get approval to raise capital and thousands of Secret Service agents expected to show up for work without pay.President Trump and congressional Democrats have made little progress in negotiations to end a shutdown that has affected about 800,000 federal workers, many of whom will miss their first paycheck this week, and who owe a combined $249 million in monthly mortgage payments, according to the online real estate firm Zillow.The shutdown shows no sign of ending soon, with Mr. Trump announcing Monday that he would address the nation on Tuesday evening from the Oval Office to discuss what he called the crisis at the southern border, and the White House saying that he would travel to the border this week as part of his effort to persuade Americans of the need for a wall — the sticking point in negotiations with Democrats.The standoff is beginning to inflict pain on Americans, whose lives are affected, in one way or another, by the federal government. It is already the second-longest shutdown in history, behind the one that started in December 1995 and lasted 21 days.On Monday, the Trump administration moved to soften some of the blow — and prevent taxpayer outrage — by directing the Internal Revenue Service to issue tax refunds during the shutdown, reversing previous policy. While the decision will allow taxpayers to get their money, the I.R.S. workers being called back from furlough to process those refunds will not be paid until the shutdown ends.The effects of a prolonged shutdown have some Wall Street economists predicting a hit to the United States economy. Bank of America Merrill Lynch economists said Monday that it had pushed them to downgrade their estimates for economic growth at the end of 2018 by a 10th of a percent.The ramifications of a prolonged shutdown are beginning to unnerve those both inside and outside the federal government. Some private companies and charities that serve public employees are searching for ways to cushion the impact.The effects extend from the president’s inner circle, to Wall Street to farm country.Virtually every employee with the Secret Service involved in investigations, security and the protective division, which protects Mr. Trump and dozens of other current and former government officials and their families, is required to work during the shutdown. And 6,000 of the organization’s roughly 7,000 employees will not be paid.The same is true at the Securities and Exchange Commission, which has come to a standstill with “only an extremely limited number of staff members available to respond to emergency situations,” according to a shutdown plan posted on the commission’s website.As the effect moves well beyond the nation’s capital, craft brewers cannot get approval from the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau for new beer labels. And the Commerce Department has stopped processing requests from auto suppliers and other manufacturing companies seeking an exemption from Mr. Trump’s metal tariffs, leaving them uncertain over the price they will need to pay for key materials this year.Farmers who planned to apply for subsidies to help mitigate the effect of Mr. Trump’s trade war must wait to get paid until the Agriculture Department’s Farm Service Agency offices reopen. And in neighborhoods across the country, as many as 39,000 federally backed mortgage applications may have already been delayed because of reduced staffing in federal agencies, according to Zillow estimates.The tax refund decision flies in the face of previous shutdown plans — and interpretations of federal law — when the I.R.S. was prohibited from dispensing tax refunds.The earliest I.R.S. statistics from 2018 show that 18 million individual tax returns had been filed by Feb. 2. By that point, the I.R.S. had issued more than six million refunds, totaling $12.6 billion — an average refund of $2,035. The agency issued more than $324 billion in refunds for all of last year.Several nonprofit organizations, including the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, are trying to aid Department of Homeland Security workers who need immediate help with a limited pool of cash and other resources, an officer with the group’s charitable foundation said. The Navy Federal Credit Union is offering no-interest loans to service members who face the prospect of missed paychecks. USAA, though, has drawn criticism from members of the Coast Guard for offering similar loans that charge interest.Secret Service agents are growing increasingly anxious and angry about the shutdown, according to several current and former agents. The Secret Service protects 42 people associated with the Trump White House, 11 more than were given details during the Obama administration. In August 2017, the agency’s new director, Randolph D. Alles, told an interviewer that the sprawling Trump entourage was putting unprecedented strains on his agents, in terms of staffing and budgeting.“They are asking you to put your life on the line and not paying you — it’s ridiculous,” said Donald Mihalek, 49, a 20-year Secret Service veteran whose own retirement paperwork has yet to be processed because of the shutdown.“Morale is a serious issue,” said Mr. Mihalek, who served on the presidential detail during George W. Bush’s and Barack Obama’s administrations. “This is an incredibly stressful job that requires your full attention, and if you are standing there thinking about your mortgage, or your credit card bills, or the fact that you are burning through your savings, you are distracted, you not able to give 100 percent.”Financial enforcement is also suffering. The S.E.C. has about 4,400 full-time employees and during the shutdown is operating with just a few hundred — most of those tasked “to protect life or property.”The constrained operations means pending investigations in securities violations have ground to a halt, and there is no one reviewing applications for company stock offerings to raise cash or consider merger and acquisition filings.Defense and corporate lawyers said meetings with potential witnesses in pending investigations have been canceled, and some companies seeking to raise cash through a stock offering are having to bide their time. Staff lawyers at the S.E.C. are largely prohibited from responding to emails seeking information or guidance.In the past, the S.E.C. had managed to keep operating during government shutdowns by shifting around money in its budget. But the commission, which has been operating under a hiring freeze for more than a year, is not able to do that this time.“When I was there, we always had money to be able to operate for a certain period of time,” said Andrew M. Calamari, a lawyer with Finn Dixon & Herling in Connecticut, who stepped down as the director of the S.E.C.’s New York office in October 2017. “I was there for 17 years, and in my time, we had several shutdowns, and in each case, we continued to operate.”The S.E.C. said in a statement that staff “continues to monitor the asset management space, track market activity and watch for systems issues or other events that could disrupt the fair and orderly operation of the securities markets.”The agency also said it had advised financial filers to request expedited action before the shutdown.But corporate America will now have to wait for the government to reopen in order to move ahead with things like initial public offerings and pending corporate mergers that need approvals from regulators.“I have a client in registration right now for an M.&A. deal, and nothing is going on,” said Marc Leaf, a partner at Drinker Biddle & Reath in New York who used to work for the S.E.C. as an adviser to a commissioner.Mr. Leaf also said so-called secondary stock offerings — which companies often rely on to raise cash — are paused. A dearth of those deals could create financial hardships for midsize public companies that have fewer financial resources to draw upon.“If this it is not solved and goes on for weeks, there will be companies who are really slowed down in the public offering process,” Mr. Leaf said. “There is a lot of basic blocking and tackling that can’t get done, and that will impact a number of issuers.”Deutsche Bank economists warned on Monday that the shutdown could also affect the Federal Reserve’s interest rate decisions by delaying the release of key economic data, like new home sales and durable goods orders. That delay “would significantly impair” economic forecasters’ ability to gauge growth, the economists wrote, and cloud decision-making for Fed officials who have emphasized “data dependence” in their policy decisions.The biggest and most far-reaching effect of the shutdown looms on Feb. 1. Trump administration officials say that funding for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, which provides food benefits for about 40 million people, will run out of cash by the end of the month. The Agriculture Department has not made it clear how long it will be able to fund the program, which costs about $4.7 billion a month, but estimates by anti-hunger groups put the department’s reserves at $3 billion to $5 billion, meaning funding is more likely to completely run out in February or March.Other food assistance programs are facing a more immediate cash crunch. The Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children, known as WIC, has already been cut off, with state funds filling the gap as the shutdown drags on. WIC provides aid to an additional seven million low-income Americans who are considered to be at “nutritional risk.”By now, it’s clear that climate change poses environmental risks beyond anything seen in the modern age. But we’re only starting to come to grips with the potential economic effects.Using increasingly sophisticated modeling, researchers are calculating how each tenth of a degree of global warming is likely to play out in economic terms. Their projections carry large bands of uncertainty, because of the vagaries of human behavior and the remaining questions about how quickly the planet will respond to the buildup of greenhouse gases.A government report in November raised the prospect that a warmer planet could mean a big hit to G.D.P. in the coming decades.And on Thursday, some of the world’s most influential economists called for a tax on carbon emissions in the United States, saying climate change demands “immediate national action.” The last four people to lead the Federal Reserve, 15 former leaders of the White House Council of Economic Advisers, and 27 Nobel laureates signed a letter endorsing a gradually rising carbon tax whose proceeds would be distributed to consumers as “carbon dividends.” The Trump administration has long rejected prescriptions like a carbon tax. But policy debates aside, many of the central economic questions of the decades ahead are, at their core, going to be climate questions. These are some of the big ones.How permanent will the costs be? When we think about the economic damage from a hotter planet, it’s important to remember that not all costs are equivalent, even when the dollar values are similar. There is a big difference between costs that are high but manageable versus those that might come with catastrophic events like food shortages and mass refugee crises. Consider three possible ways that climate change could exact an economic cost: A once-fertile agricultural area experiences hotter weather and drought, causing its crop yields to decrease. A road destroyed by flooding because of rising seas and more frequent hurricanes must be rebuilt. An electrical utility spends hundreds of millions of dollars to build a more efficient power grid because the old one could not withstand extreme weather.The farmland’s yield decline is a permanent loss of the economy’s productive capacity — society is that much poorer, for the indefinite future. It’s worse than what happens in a typical economic downturn. Usually when factories sit idle during a recession, there is a reasonable expectation that they will start cranking again once the economy returns to health.The road rebuilding might be expensive, but at least that money is going to pay people and businesses to do their work. The cost for society over all is that the resources that go to rebuilding the road are not available for something else that might be more valuable. That’s a setback, but it’s not a permanent reduction in economic potential like the less fertile farmland. And in a recession, it might even be a net positive, under the same logic that fiscal stimulus can be beneficial in a downturn.By contrast, new investment in the power grid could yield long-term benefits in energy efficiency and greater reliability. There’s some parallel with military spending. In the 1950s and ’60s, during the Cold War, the United States spent more than 10 percent of G.D.P. on national defense (it’s now below 4 percent).Most of that spending crowded out other forms of economic activity; many houses and cars and washing machines weren’t made because of the resources that instead went to making tanks, bombs and fighter jets. But some of that spending also created long-term benefits for society, like the innovations that led to the internet and to reliable commercial jet aircraft travel.Certain types of efforts to reduce carbon emissions or adapt to climate impacts are likely to generate similar benefits, says Nicholas Stern, chair of the Grantham Research Institute on Climate Change and the Environment at the London School of Economics.“You couldn’t provide sea defenses at large scale without very heavy investment, but it’s not investment of the kind that you get from the things that breed technological progress,” Mr. Stern said. “The defensive adaptations don’t carry anything like the dynamism that comes from different ways of doing things.”There is more fertile ground in areas like transportation and infrastructure, he said. Electric cars, instead of those with internal combustion engines, would mean less air pollution in cities, for example. How should we value the future compared with the present?Seeking a baseline to devise environmental regulations, the Obama administration set out to calculate a “social cost of carbon,” the amount of harm each new ton of carbon emissions will cause in decades ahead.At the core of the project were sophisticated efforts to model how a hotter earth will affect thousands of different places. That’s necessary because a low-lying region that already has many hot days a year is likely to face bigger problems, sooner, than a higher-altitude location that currently has a temperate climate.Michael Greenstone, who is now director of the Becker Friedman Institute at the University of Chicago and of the Energy Policy Institute there, as well as a contributor to The Upshot, was part of those efforts. “We’ve divided the world into 25,000 regions and married that with very precise geographic predictions on how the local climate will change,” Mr. Greenstone said. “Just having the raw computing power to be able to analyze this at a more disaggregated level is a big part of it.”But even once you have an estimate of the cost of a hotter climate in future decades, some seemingly small assumptions can drastically alter the social cost of carbon today.Finance uses something called the discount rate to compare future value with present value. What would the promise of a $1,000 payment 10 years from now be worth to you today? Certainly something less than $1,000 — but how much less would depend on what rate you use.Likewise, the cost of carbon emissions varies greatly depending on how you value the well-being of people in future decades — many not born yet, and who may benefit from technologies and wealth we cannot imagine — versus our well-being today.The magic of compounding means that the exact rate matters a great deal when looking at things far in the future. It’s essentially the inverse of observing that a $1,000 investment that compounds at 3 percent a year will be worth about $4,400 in 50 years, whereas one that grows 7 percent per year will be worth more than $29,000.In the Obama administration’s analysis, using a 5 percent discount rate — which would put comparatively little weight on the well-being of future generations — would imply a social cost of $12 (in 2007 dollars) for emitting one metric ton of carbon dioxide. A metric ton is about what would be released as a car burns 113 gallons of gasoline. A 2.5 percent rate would imply a cost of $62, which adds up to hundreds of billions of dollars a year in society-wide costs at recent rates of emissions.The Obama administration settled on a 3 percent discount rate that put the social cost of carbon at $42 per metric ton. The Trump administration has subsequently revised that estimate to between one dollar and seven dollars.That sharp decrease was achieved in part by measuring only the future economic costs to the United States, not factoring in the rest of the world. And the Trump administration analyzed a discount rate of up to 7 percent — a rate at which even costs far into the future become trivial.Mr. Greenstone favors substantially lower discount rates, based on evidence that financial markets also place high value on investments that protect against risk. Understood this way, spending today to reduce carbon emissions tomorrow is like insurance against some of the most costly effects of a hotter planet — and part of the debate is over how much that insurance is really worth, given that the biggest benefits are far in the future. How might climate change fuel inequality?When a government report raises the possibility of a 10 percent hit to G.D.P. as a result of a warming climate, it can be easy to picture everyone’s incomes being reduced by a tenth.In reality there is likely to be enormous variance in the economic impact, depending on where people live and what kind of jobs they have.Low-lying, flood-prone areas are at particularly high risk of becoming unlivable — or at least uninsurable. Certain industries in certain places will be dealt a huge blow, or cease to exist; many ski slopes will turn out to be too warm for regular snow, and the map of global agriculture will shift.Adaptation will probably be easier for the affluent than for the poor. Those who can afford to move to an area with more favorable impacts from a warmer climate presumably will.So the economic implications of climate change include huge shifts in geography, demographics and technology, with each affecting the other.“To look at things in terms of G.D.P. doesn’t really capture what this means to people’s lives,” said William Nordhaus, a Yale economist who pioneered the models on which modern climate economics is based and who won a Nobel for that work. “If you just look at an average of all the things we experience, some in the marketplace and some not in the marketplace, it’s insufficient. The impact is going to be highly diverse.”Can we adapt to a warmer climate?Despite all these risks, it’s important to remember that humanity tends to be remarkably adaptable. A century ago, most people lived without an automobile, a refrigerator, or the possibility of traveling by airplane. A couple of decades before that, almost no one had indoor plumbing.Changes in how people live, and the technology they use, could both mitigate the impact of climate change and ensure that the costs are less about a pure economic loss and more about rewiring the way civilization works.Most capital investments last only a decade or two to begin with; people are constantly rebuilding roads, buildings and other infrastructure. And a warmer climate could, if it plays out slowly enough, merely shift where that reinvestment happens.But a big risk is that the change happens too quickly. Adaptation that might be manageable over a generation could be impossible — and cause mass suffering or death — if it happens over a few years.Imagine major staple food crops being wiped out for a few consecutive years by drought or other extreme weather. Or a large coastal city wiped out in a single extreme storm.“Whether it’s jobs, consumption patterns or residential patterns, if things are changing so fast that we can’t adapt to them, that will be very, very costly,” Mr. Nordhaus said. “We know we can adapt to slow changes. Rapid changes are the ones that would be most damaging and painful.” It’s clear that climate change and its ripple effects are likely to be a defining challenge of the 21st-century economy. But there are wide ranges of possible results that vary based on countless assumptions. We should also recognize that the economic backdrop of society is always changing. Projecting what that will mean for ordinary people is not simply a matter of dollars.“I’ve spent the last 20 years trying to communicate it and it’s not easy to process,” Joseph Aldy, who teaches at Harvard’s Kennedy School for Public Policy, said of the connection between climate change and the economy. “It’s really hard to convey something that is long term and gradual until it’s not.”ISTANBUL — At a recent rally to open the campaign before municipal elections in March, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan was heckled by a group of public workers demanding jobs. But he was having none of it.“Do not expect anything from us,” a visibly angry Mr. Erdogan scolded the upstarts at the rally in the eastern province of Sivas. “I’m not an ordinary politician and do not provoke this meeting.”Other supporters cheered, drowning out the protest. But it was a moment telling of Mr. Erdogan’s vulnerability as ordinary Turks feel the deepening pain of the country’s economic slide for the first time in his 17 years in power.After long unbroken growth, Turkey is entering a recession amid falling investor confidence and a credit crisis. Bankruptcies have increased. Unemployment and inflation have hit double digits. Rising prices, especially at the vegetable markets, have become a national obsession.The widening economic crisis now presents the president’s Justice and Development Party, or A.K.P., with one of the stiffest challenges yet to its important base of support in small towns and cities as the local elections approach.Mr. Erdogan, who remains popular, has led his party’s campaign. But while he may be able to whip some members into line, the economy is unlikely to be so easily moved.The president’s formula of deflecting blame for economic troubles is now being combined with other, more drastic measures — in particular, trying to suppress prices at fruit and vegetable markets as he attempts to maintain his party’s support.Already in election mode, Mr. Erdogan has resorted to well-tested tactics on the campaign trail. He blames rising costs on a foreign conspiracy. He accuses money-grubbing middlemen of extorting customers. He lashes out at opposition politicians for whipping up a fake campaign of economic hardships.“Tomatoes, potatoes, aubergine, green peppers, et cetera,’’ Mr. Erdogan told party election officials this month. ‘‘My siblings, all of this is just a gimmick.”The government had sent out inspectors to keep prices down at the wholesale markets, he said.When the inspectors encountered a hostile reception from the wholesalers, Mr. Erdogan compared their attackers to terrorists.“They attempted to beat up our inspectors. Why? Because they kicked the hornet’s nest,” he said.“If there are those who think they are stronger than the state, they should know that we will finish those who terrorized the wholesale market as soon as possible, as the state finished the terrorists in Cudi, in Gabar, in Tendurek, inside the caves,” he said, in a reference to Turkey’s counterterrorism operations against Kurdish insurgents in southeastern Turkey.“Can we allow our nation to be exploited? We will join hands and God willing will finish this exploitation,” he said.Mr. Erdogan, who won elections last year to a newly powerful presidency, is personally secure. No Turkish politician comes close to matching his popularity.But the municipalities are the base of A.K.P.’s support and are critical to its hold on power and its reputation for being able to provide services, mainly for the urban working class and conservative communities.There, at the local level, indicators show its support to be slipping. The party failed to win a majority in parliamentary elections last year, forcing it to go into a coalition with the Nationalist Movement Party, and it faces a similar test in local elections March 21.Some polls show the party’s popularity hovering just around 30 percent. Even pro-government columnists and insiders are warning that it is losing popularity, blaming corrupt or incompetent local officials.Cevdet Yilmaz, deputy chairman of the A.K.P., denied the party was slipping in the polls at a news briefing last month but admitted that opinion polls showed an exceptionally high number of undecided voters.Nevertheless, Mr. Yilmaz said he was confident that the party would deliver a result equal to the parliamentary election last year.“The A.K. party has strong leadership, political stability in Turkey, and if there are hardships in the economy the right answer is the A.K. party rather than other smaller parties,” he said. “People make realistic assessments of the situation, and I believe the effect of the economy will be marginal in that sense in voter preferences.”Yet there is no doubt that prices — which escalated sharply after the Turkish lira lost more than 25 percent on its value in 2018 — are uppermost in Turks’ minds.Shoppers and traders in Istanbul’s neighborhood markets were reluctant to voice criticism of the government, but the tension over prices was evident. One shopper said her hands were trembling as she handled peppers that have tripled in price in recent weeks.And most interviewed were cleareyed about where the problem of rising prices lay. Storms destroyed greenhouses, ruining much of the green pepper crop this year and causing a shortage.But even before this year, farmers have been struggling as a result of economic policies that neglected agriculture in favor of infrastructure and housing development.“Turkey’s fundamental problem about food prices is the agricultural policy,” said Ahmet Atalik, the head of the Istanbul branch of the Chamber of Agricultural Engineers.The government turned to importing foodstuffs, and as a result, farmers could no longer earn a living, and have steadily abandoned their fields. “They move to the cities, they just quit,” Mr. Atalik said.In the 17 years of Mr. Erdogan’s rule more than 7.4 million acres of farmland, an area roughly the size of Belgium, has been taken out of cultivation. The number of registered farmers has dropped from 2.8 million to 2.1 million in the last 10 years, he said.In a sign of their concern at rising prices, Mr. Erdogan and his cabinet have been swift to intervene to contain the political fallout.“Of course, it even attracted the attention of our president,” Commerce Minister Ruhsar Pekcan said, announcing on television that her ministry had ordered price controls in all 81 provinces. “What is important is that the people at the first level feel it. And we are taking measures about that.”Mr. Erdogan has announced a raft of measures himself, including discounts of 10 percent on household electricity and natural gas bills, which have increased several times in recent months, and similar breaks for small and medium businesses.The government raised the minimum wage a startling 26 percent at the beginning of the year, and floated a new law to remove state commissioners who act as middlemen between farmers and the market.As the election campaign opened, the government set up temporary municipal market stalls to sell fruit and vegetables at cost, rapidly drawing lines of customers. But the approach may entail certain risks.If the government is breaking a monopoly in the markets and introducing competition, then it is doing the right thing and could bring prices down, said Selva Demiralp, professor of economics at Koc University in Istanbul.But if the government is purchasing the vegetables at the same wholesale market and subsidizing the low prices, it will harm the market structure.“The answer is probably somewhere in between,” she said.For now, the subsidized vegetable stalls have eased some of the tension but none of the steps has been enough so far to offset the widespread economic pain.Gulcan Guler, 60, was selling bunches of nettles that she gathered herself in her neighborhood of Fatih. Married to a retired factory worker, she said she had raised five children with her sales of nettles.She said she loved Mr. Erdogan’s party, the A.K.P., but she wanted to ask the president a question.“Now a retired person, or let’s say a worker on the minimum wage, 2,200 lira’’ — or about $413 a month — ‘‘How can he pay his rent, how can they make their living?” she asked.[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]The Jersey Shore, a storied summer vacation spot, has become the newest national battleground over regulating and taxing the internet economy.New Jersey is one of the first big states to adopt a surcharge on short-term rentals — a so-called Airbnb tax. It kicked in Oct. 1 and is causing vacationers to rethink their summer travels and stirring anxiety among the homeowners who rely on them.The fallout over the 11.6 percent tax has inserted New Jersey into a broader debate as states and communities grapple with the explosive growth of the online home-sharing economy. A patchwork framework of local ordinances has failed to keep pace with the rapid rise of Airbnb, the largest home-sharing site, which was valued at $31 billion two years ago and has upended the rental market around the world.Much like Uber’s dominance has caused a regulatory challenge for cities and Amazon’s ascent has prompted states to adopt internet sales taxes, the popularity of Airbnb has begun to push lawmakers to impose new rules even as they find ways to tap the enormous revenue it generates.Massachusetts also recently passed a statewide tax on short-term rentals aimed at Airbnb and other home-sharing sites; a proposal to increase the sales tax on similar rentals has been introduced in Colorado.In New York City, Airbnb and local officials have been at war over efforts to crack down on the industry. A federal judge blocked a law in January that would have required Airbnb to provide detailed information about listings and hosts, and the city recently filed a lawsuit against a group of real estate brokers, accusing them of using Airbnb to illegally rent out dozens of apartments.State and local governments that have moved to rein in Airbnb and other home-sharing sites have set off alarm bells among those whose economic survival is tied to the short-term rental market and who are angry that they are being ensnared by new taxes and regulations.In Massachusetts, critics warn that the new tax will wreak havoc on the state’s vital summer tourism season in places like Cape Cod. The same arguments are being put forth in New Jersey.Vacationers are abandoning long-held traditions and heading elsewhere. Homeowners complain they are having a hard time filling properties when they should be well on their way to being fully booked for summer. And businesses that rely on free-spending summer visitors fear that the rental tax threatens their most important time of year.Susan Hiller said she was heartbroken to be heading to Palm Beach, Fla., with her four daughters and extended family for their annual summer vacation.While the groomed white sand and glassy teal waters of the exclusive locale are a siren song for vacationers, beckoning even President Trump, Ms. Hiller said it is just not the same as the Jersey Shore.“I’ve been going to Ocean City since I was 5 years old and I’m 51,” said Ms. Hiller, who lives outside Philadelphia. “It is truly my most favorite place on earth.”George Triebenbacher, 56, grew up on Long Beach Island in New Jersey and now owns seven properties there that he’s been renting out since 2010. His weekly rates vary — three homes rent for $1,650, three go for $5,500 and a larger home fetches $10,000.In past years, by this point in March, all his homes had typically been reserved for the summer. But this year, about one-fourth of his rental weeks are still available, he said, and some people who had initially reserved are backing out.“People are actually canceling and forgoing deposits to get away from the taxes,” he said. “There’s no question that there’s all kind of upheaval being created by this tax.’’Debbie Mozer, 60, who owns a souvenir shop in Beach Haven, said summertime sales are crucial to her bottom line. “Everything depends on our sales for the summer,” Ms. Mozer said. “This is how we make our living.”The 130-mile long New Jersey coastline is one of the state’s most prized resources. The four Jersey Shore counties accounted for more than $20 billion of the $43 billion spent in New Jersey on tourism in 2017, the most recently available data, according to state officials. When the Trump administration unveiled a plan to drill for oil off the New Jersey coast, opposition to the proposal unified politicians of all stripes, from the progressive Democratic governor, Philip D. Murphy, to a conservative Republican representative, Chris Smith.Passage of the short-term rental tax flew largely under the radar last summer, overshadowed by the battle between Mr. Murphy and Democratic legislative leaders over a different tax — on the wealthy — that nearly shut down the state’s government.But now many along the shore say the rental tax places one of the state’s main summer economic engines in its cross hairs. The 11.6 percent tax applies to all rentals fewer than 90 days, including those made on home-sharing sites or directly between a renter and an owner. The only exceptions are rentals arranged through a Realtor, which are not subject to the tax.John Brennan owns a home on Long Beach Island that he is listing on Airbnb for $2,200 a week. By late winter he said he typically has 70 percent of the season booked. But so far, nothing has been rented. “They can’t just keep taxing us,” he said.Though it has frustrated renters and homeowners, Airbnb frames the tax as official recognition of its legitimacy, putting the company on equal footing with the hotel industry.“Home sharing is bringing economic opportunity to families and businesses in every corner of the Garden State,” Josh Meltzer, who oversees public policy for Airbnb in the Northeast, said in a statement. “We are excited to be able to support core state and local services from Jersey City to the Jersey Shore.’’The controversy over the tax underscores how New Jersey and other states are struggling to ensure that newer e-commerce companies abide by the same rules that apply to more established businesses, said Kim Rueben, a senior fellow at the Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan research group based in Washington.“As person-to-person rental has become a larger part of economy, states and localities are trying to figure out, ‘How do you go about collecting the taxes that are equivalent to what hotels collect?’” Ms. Rueben said. “This is probably something that people were always supposed to pay and they just weren’t collected.”Some homeowners and others on the Jersey Shore are fighting back, forming a group, the NJ Shore Rentals Coalition, to lobby lawmakers and Mr. Murphy to exclude shore rentals from the tax. A bill that would do that has been unveiled in Trenton, though it is unclear if it has enough support to pass.“The vast majority of the Jersey Shore are homes that were rented out long before the sharing culture that’s developed with Airbnb,” said Duane Watlington, vice president of the coalition. “We believe that if the unintended tax is not corrected, there will be less money spent on vacations, further exacerbating the need for tax revenues.”The Murphy administration has signaled that it would consider revising the tax to ease the burden on the Jersey Shore.“The administration stands ready to work with the Legislature to amend the law to more closely mirror the intent of our original budget proposal,” said Jennifer Sciortino, a spokeswoman for the state Treasury Department.Much of the anger around the new tax has come from the Jersey coast, but many short-term rentals are concentrated in northern New Jersey, where visitors to New York City can find cheaper lodging.Of the $133 million earned by Airbnb hosts in the state in 2018, more than half came from the three northern counties closest to New York. The four shore counties accounted for $48 million, though the majority of rentals there are condensed around the three-month summer season.Maria Vitale, who has rented out her home in Lavallette for nearly 10 years, is charging the same weekly price, $2,400, as last year, but said many would-be renters had been turned off by the additional $280 in taxes.“New Jersey people, we’ve been taxed enough,” she said.The tax is taking hold at a time when the coast is still not fully recovered from Hurricane Sandy, Ms. Vitale noted. Still, there are signs of optimism: Her kitchen is being used less, she said, as renters seek out restaurants that have begun to reopen after the devastating 2012 storm.“Knowing what the Jersey Shore went through six-plus years ago,” she said, “I don’t think this is the opportune time to tax them even more.”PUERTO ORDAZ, Venezuela — President Nicolás Maduro of Venezuela drove himself to an ailing iron plant this month to tout its export capacity amid tightening American sanctions.“No one is going to stop us,” he said with his wife by his side as they watched a conveyor belt of iron briquettes at the Guayana Steel Complex. “These are the days of victory!”Two days later, the plant was out of business. It was paralyzed by the crippling national blackout that lasted almost five days and wiped out what little was left of Venezuela’s heavy industry. The blackout, coupled with new American sanctions on Venezuela’s critical oil sector, have pushed the country even closer to total economic collapse.Venezuela’s better-off citizens have tucked into dollar savings to buy portable power generators, imported canned foods and taken respite in hotels and steakhouses. The less fortunate saw a signal of possible respite on Friday with word that the Red Cross would soon undertake an emergency relief campaign in Venezuela.For many people, however, the only palliative to the ever-growing hardships is the hope that the worsening conditions will topple Mr. Maduro.The blackout drained about $1 billion from Venezuela’s gross domestic product, or about 1 percent, according to investment bank Torino Capital. It left a wake of more than 500 looted businesses, at least 40 hospital patients who died and at least a half dozen shuttered factories.Oil production equivalent to the entire output of a small petrostate like Brunei was irretrievably lost to the damage caused to oil fields by the sudden loss of power, according to IPD Latin America, a consultancy.The blackout followed the United States ban in January on any purchases of Venezuelan oil, which only compounded years of mismanagement and corruption under Mr. Maduro and his predecessor, Hugo Chávez.“The sanctions make it almost impossible for the government to buy and import the things they need to run a country,” said Francisco Rodríguez, Torino Capital’s chief economist.Many opposition supporters see the economic pain as a bitter medicine required to get rid of Mr. Maduro. But to the president’s supporters, the sanctions provide a much-needed foil to deflect blame for the economic ills.Still few Venezuelans say they are prepared for the collapse of already dire living conditions if Mr. Maduro survives the onslaught from the new American sanctions, which are just beginning to filter through to the Venezuelan streets.“The crisis will get worse,” said Maria Altagracia Perozo, a pensioner from the working class neighborhood of Caucagüita in Caracas, the capital. “We are told to search for candles, matches and kerosene because there won’t be light.”Faced with shrinking oil revenue and an exodus of technicians, Mr. Maduro has struggled to reestablish basic services since the March 7 blackout, the worst ever. Water supply has been intermittent in most cities and students and state workers have stayed home this week after a fire at an electrical substation led to another blackout.Less than half of Venezuelans said they were against President Trump’s sanctions against the Venezuelan oil industry, according to a survey by the country’s leading pollster, Datanalisis, in early March. It was a surprisingly low share given the direct impact of the sanctions on living standards.“If I have to sacrifice a month to live without power or water, I will do it because I know it’s the only way of improving this country,” said Valdemar Álvarez, a lab analyst at the Sidor steel plant in Puerto Ordaz, who opposes Mr. Maduro.Venezuela’s economy is set to lose more than a quarter of its size this year, according to Mr. Rodriguez, one of the few Wall Street economists who still tries to forecast the scale of the country’s decline. According to Torino Capital, inflation is on track to reach 51 million percent by year’s end, rendering the national currency virtually worthless.The magnitude of the country’s collapse has been surpassed only by Zimbabwe in modern history, according to the Institute of International Finance.Venezuela’s crude oil production, which used to provide more than 90 percent of the country’s hard currency, fell 13 percent in February — the steepest decline in a decade — according to the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.It was the first month since the United States Treasury banned American companies from any dealings with the national oil producer, Petróleos de Venezuela SA, or Pdvsa. And the decline has only accelerated since.Sanctions, power cuts and an accelerating brain drain could wipe out 60 percent Venezuela’s oil production this year, according to consultants at IPD. Its analysts sees the country’s output falling from 1.36 million barrels a day in February to a mere 550,000 barrels a day by the end of December, roughly on par with tiny Ecuador.The United States, once Pdvsa’s biggest customer, bought no Venezuelan oil in March for the first time since the 1970s, according to Department of Energy. And the ban does not officially come into force until April.Mr. Maduro has struggled to shift exports elsewhere.India, which Pdvsa had counted on as a substitute buyer, reduced its Venezuelan oil purchases in March under American pressure. Oil-trading firms ranging from Russia’s Lukoil to Swiss-based Trafigura stopped supplying Venezuela with the oil products Pdvsa needs to keep operating.The sanctions have accelerated Venezuela’s vicious economic cycle, where declining oil exports leave Mr. Maduro with less money to invest in basic services. That, in turn, further degrades oil production, according to Siobhan Morden, an emerging markets strategist at the Nomura investment bank in New York.“This multiplier feedback effect is very powerful and affects almost everyone” in Venezuela, she said. “The impact is going to be horrific.”The sanctions have made it difficult for the government to import the diesel fuel needed to run its thermal power plants. Pdvsa’s dilapidated refineries, once some of the world’s biggest, have long ceased to cover national needs for products like gasoline and diesel fuel.Poor supply and maintenance of thermal power plants meant Venezuela was left without backup electrical supply when a wildfire under a transmission line brought down the country’s main hydropower plant on March 7.When the lights came back, entire Venezuelan industries had ceased to exist.The blackout erased the last remnants of Venezuelan steel, aluminum and iron production, which Mr. Maduro had touted as alternatives to oil exports for income generation.More than 10,000 workers had been reporting for shifts at the moribund plants to get free meals at the canteens, which had become the main source of food for many. Hyperinflation has long slashed their wages to a few dollars a month.“It’s like working in a coma,” said Rona Figueredo, union leader at the Briquetera del Orinoco iron plant in Puerto Ordaz, which shut down its last production line during the blackout.At least half a dozen other state-run metals plants have ceased operating following the blackout, including the flagship Sidor steel plant, Alcasa and Venalum aluminum plants and three iron smelters, according to workers.It was the “final nail in the coffin” for the industries that had been operating at single-digit capacities after years of mismanagement, said Damian Prat, a veteran Puerto Ordaz labor activist and author of a book on Venezuelan heavy industries.The government has blamed electrical problems on what it has described as sabotage directed from the United States, without providing evidence. Government officials also said state-run heavy industries maintained production despite the blackout.“Without these industries, there can’t be economic recuperation in Venezuela,” said the author Mr. Prat.BEIJING — Factory workers across China are staging sit-ins demanding unpaid wages for “blood and sweat.” Taxi drivers are surrounding government offices to call for better treatment. Construction workers are threatening to jump from buildings if they don’t get paid.With economic growth in China weakening to its slowest pace in nearly three decades, thousands of Chinese workers are holding small-scale protests and strikes to fight efforts by businesses to withhold compensation and cut hours. The authorities have responded with a sustained campaign to rein in the protests, and most recently detained several prominent activists in the southern city of Shenzhen late last month.Such protests are a glaring example of the challenges the sharp economic slowdown poses to China’s top leader, Xi Jinping, who has aggressively promoted the “Chinese dream,” his signature vision of greater wealth and a fairer society.As Chinese families gather this week to celebrate the Lunar New Year, the most important holiday of the year in China, many workers say they are struggling to pay basic expenses like food and rent.“Nobody cares about us anymore,” said Zhou Liang, 46, who took part in a protest last month in Shenzhen outside an electronics factory that he says owes him more than $3,000.“I sacrificed my health for the company,” he said, “and now I can’t afford to buy even a bag of rice.”China Labour Bulletin, an advocacy group in Hong Kong that tracks protests, recorded at least 1,700 labor disputes last year, up from about 1,200 the year before. Those figures represent only a fraction of disputes across China, since many conflicts go unreported and Mr. Xi has intensified censorship.The authorities have detained more than 150 people since August, a sharp increase from previous years, including teachers, taxi drivers, construction workers and leftist students leading a campaign against factory abuses.The unrest puts the ruling Communist Party in an uncomfortable position. Since the days of Mao Zedong, the party has staked its reputation on protecting everyday workers, but increasingly many are blaming party officials for not doing more to defend their rights.As protests have multiplied, Mr. Xi, China’s most powerful leader since Mao, has sought to reassure workers that he understands their plight.“You are the most diligent, like diligent bees, traveling here and there and being exposed to the sun and rain,” he said on Friday as he ventured into the streets of Beijing to wish a happy new year to delivery workers, a photo opportunity that was heavily featured in the state-run media. “It’s not easy.”But experts warn that public trust in the party and Mr. Xi’s “Chinese dream” could suffer if he does not do more to help workers.“If teachers refuse to work, truck drivers stop delivering goods, construction workers stop building infrastructure, it will be hard to chase dreams,” said Diana Fu, an assistant professor of Asian politics at the University of Toronto.The unrest has also affected newer industries, including companies that provide food delivery and ride-sharing services, as workers complain of backbreaking schedules and low pay.Mr. Xi, who rose to power in 2012, faces a variety of headwinds that are complicating his efforts to manage a smooth transition to a high-tech economy. Consumer and business confidence is falling, the housing market is sputtering and a trade dispute with the United States is dragging on.The government says the economy grew by 6.6 percent last year, the weakest pace of growth since 1990. Many experts, noting problems like declining property sales and sluggish factory activity, say the actual rate may be even lower.As economic forecasts have turned more sober, Mr. Xi has sought to defuse tensions by urging companies to pay salaries for low-income workers on time. The State Council, China’s cabinet, says it wants to eliminate wage arrears by next year.Labor protests in China are common, and to avoid protracted conflicts, local officials often put pressure on businesses to settle disputes. But companies may be more unwilling — or unable — to do so now as they struggle to find money.Mr. Xi has expanded the party’s oversight of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions, the party-controlled organ that is supposed to mediate disputes for its more than 300 million members but often sides with management. He has also dismantled nonprofit labor advocacy groups, which in the past provided advice to workers and helped with collective bargaining.In a crackdown in Shenzhen in late January, the authorities detained five veteran labor rights advocates and accused them of “disturbing public order,” a vague charge the party often uses against its critics.Now, with no independent unions, courts or news outlets to turn to, some workers are resorting to extreme measures to settle disputes.Wang Xiao, 33, a construction worker, grew tired of lobbying his bosses for more than $2,000 in unpaid wages for a project in the eastern province of Shandong. So last week he turned to social media, threatening to jump off the headquarters of the company overseeing the project.“If I get to the roof of the building and make a scene, then the money will be given to me more quickly,” he said in an interview. (Mr. Wang did not carry out his threat.)Despite the restrictions, activists have had some success in organizing protests across provincial lines, often with the help of social media. Crane operators across China coordinated a Labor Day strike last year that involved tens of thousands of workers from at least 10 provinces.But at a time of economic uncertainty and rising tensions with the West, Mr. Xi has emphasized social stability above all else. At a meeting on “risk prevention” last month, he called on provincial leaders and senior officials to redouble efforts to expand ideological and social control.Geoffrey Crothall, the communications director for China Labour Bulletin, said the country’s leaders were “taking a much more stringent approach to making sure that large-scale protests don’t happen again.”Chinese leaders see labor unrest as a potential political threat and are particularly sensitive to demonstrations because this year is the 30th anniversary of the military crackdown on pro-democracy protesters on Tiananmen Square.Mr. Xi has particularly sought to suppress a resurgence of labor activism on college campuses, including a high-profile campaign for workers’ rights led by young communists at elite universities.The activists have used the teachings of Mao and Marx to argue that China’s embrace of capitalism has exploited workers. Last summer, they tried to help workers in southern China organize an independent labor union, saying that corrupt local officials were colluding with managers to abuse workers.The authorities have repeatedly tried to quash the protests, leading to the disappearances and detentions of more than 50 people associated with the campaign.The authorities have responded so forcefully to the young communists in part because their demands are ideological, not material, said Professor Fu, who has studied unrest in China.“To the government, calling out the party for not being Marxist is like children openly denouncing their birth parents,” she said. “It is seen as outright defiance and rejection of the state-led socialism.”But most workers are less focused on challenging the party than they are on trying to make ends meet.Song Zuhe, 50, who packages ceramic tile at a ceramic tile factory in southern China, says he is owed $1,500 in back pay and has not received a paycheck in three months.Mr. Song worries that he will not be able to pay medical bills for his wife or support his son. He recently posted on social media a poem he had written about his predicament:Work is hard and work is exhausting,I don’t have money to pay my way home,My life as a laborer is bitter.This year, when Mr. Song returned to his hometown in southwestern China to celebrate Lunar New Year with his family, they sat down to a small dinner of chicken and vegetables.“My burden is heavy,” he said. “It’s very tough.”[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]President Trump this week added another wrinkle to his long complicated relationship with his home state, when he encouraged residents of upstate New York who are unhappy with the region’s economy to “go to another state.”Mr. Trump’s comments, which came during an interview with reporters at the White House on Wednesday, were his latest critical remarks of the region, which has lost thousands of residents in recent years amid a sluggish economy.“If New York isn’t going to treat them better, I would recommend they go to another state where they can get a great job,” Mr. Trump said, according to The Buffalo News.Mr. Trump, who lived in New York City for most of his life, has routinely put down upstate New York despite finding widespread support there. In the 2016 election, he flipped 14 upstate counties that Barack Obama won in 2012. Yet during the campaign, he singled out the area as a “ghost town,” and in 2017 suggested to The Wall Street Journal that residents leave the region. “It’s O.K., don’t worry about your house,” he said.Despite Mr. Trump’s cynical advice, New York Republicans said they were not offended by the comments. Rather, they agreed with the president’s assessment.“He was stating the obvious, and the obvious is that New York has been in a death spiral for 50 years,” said Chris Collins, the congressman who represents the Buffalo area and was the first member of Congress to endorse Mr. Trump’s campaign. “All of the problems in New York State are driven by policy out of Albany that is now 100 percent controlled by downstate interests.”Carl Paladino, a political ally of Mr. Trump and a former Republican nominee for New York governor, echoed the president’s sentiments, saying he has also advised young people to leave the state.“Trump is hitting it right on the nose,” he said. “New York has become another super liberal state like California, and we have a governor who is so vain that it’s all about him, and the way people view him nationally, because he has his heart set on being drafted to be president of the United States. He has little regard for the problems of upstate New York.”Mr. Paladino added: “If you’re from upstate New York, you don’t have any future. It’s just an economic nightmare.”But for Craig Yunker, a farmer in western New York, President Trump’s comments, while they may be realistic, are not helpful.Mr. Yunker said it has become increasingly difficult to operate a business in New York, but “it’s very difficult to leave New York.”“That’s not a solution,” said Mr. Yunker, a Republican who does not support Mr. Trump. “If there are issues that can be addressed, let’s address them.”Mr. Trump’s comments came the same week New York reported a $2.3 billion budget gap, which Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo blamed on Mr. Trump, whose 2017 tax bill put a cap on the so-called SALT deduction for state and local property taxes. Mr. Cuomo said this has created “an economic civil war” between blue and red states.“The economic incentive to move out of New York is higher than it has ever been,” Mr. Cuomo said Thursday at a speech in Manhattan. “SALT put that problem on steroids. Our tax collections are down about 50 percent.”But in his Wednesday interview, Mr. Trump seemingly did not understand the full extent of his tax bill, saying it would not hurt upstate New York because it only “affects wealthy people.”When reporters clarified its effects, Mr. Trump said he was “open to thinking about” revisiting the issue.“I love those people,” he said about upstate residents. “Those people are my voters. They’ve been treated very badly.”Mr. Trump, who has had a fraught relationship with New York’s political leaders, placed the blame for the residents’ struggles squarely on the state government, which he said has been “poorly run.”Though it acknowledged the population decline in upstate New York, Cuomo’s administration dismissed the president’s critiques as untruthful and devoid of any solutions to the budget shortfall.“We provide for New Yorkers, and I’d put that record against any Trump company any day of the week,” Richard Azzopardi, a senior adviser to Mr. Cuomo, said.Mr. Azzopardi also pointed to the dropping unemployment rate in upstate New York. Excluding New York City and Long Island, the unemployment rate was 3.8 percent as of December 2018, down from 8 percent in December 2010, he said.TEHRAN — Iran, squeezed by punishing American sanctions, is confronting its most severe economic challenge in 40 years, President Hassan Rouhani said on Wednesday, arguing that the Iranian government “should not be blamed” for the crisis.The Trump administration reimposed sanctions on Iran last year after President Trump decided to withdraw from the international nuclear accord reached with Tehran in 2015, calling it a “horrible one-sided deal.” Under the pact, Iran agreed to essentially freeze its nuclear program for at least 15 years in exchange for relief from oil and financial sanctions.Under American pressure, dozens of European companies have abandoned operations in Iran that they had started after the signing of the nuclear agreement, leaving thousands of Iranians jobless. Reimposed banking sanctions have sharply curtailed foreign investment and access to international credit, and oil sanctions have more than halved Iran’s crude exports, its main source of income.“Today the country is facing the biggest pressure and economic sanctions in the past 40 years,” since the 1979 Islamic Revolution, Mr. Rouhani said in a speech commemorating the anniversary that was broadcast on state television.Ordinary Iranians are feeling the pinch. There have been sporadic protests by laborers, retirees, truck drivers and teachers that have occasionally led to clashes with security forces. In a year, the national currency, the rial, has lost 70 percent of its value compared to the dollar. Inflation is over 35 percent.Iranian state television has been reporting shortages and rationing of red meat in recent days, showing consumers complaining about prices that have risen by 75 percent in the last year, according to government statistics. Officials blame illegal exports of Iranian livestock to neighboring countries, as well as fluctuations in the exchange rate that have hampered imports from Brazil.Mr. Trump said on Twitter on Wednesday that Iran’s “economy is now crashing,” arguing that the hardship “is the only thing holding” the country back from expanding its malign influence in the Middle East.Iran’s leaders put the blame squarely on the American sanctions for the economic strain. “Today our problems are primarily because of pressure from America and its followers,” Mr. Rouhani said. “And the dutiful government and Islamic system should not be blamed.”Mr. Rouhani did not refer to corruption and mismanagement, two other factors that analysts have cited in Iran’s economic free-fall. He instead said that the “people’s resistance, efforts and sacrifices” would help Iran defeat the United States.AMSTERDAM — If anyone in the Netherlands is happy about Britain jilting the European Union, they keep that sentiment to themselves. The country has been built on trade, with huge volumes of goods flowing from its ports across the English Channel. Brexit, as the divorce is known, has proved disruptive.But if Brexit is going to happen, the graceful, canal-lined city of Amsterdam is intent on exploiting what opportunities present themselves. The deputy mayor has been leading a team that is courting global companies abandoning Britain.“I’m very sad about Brexit, but I’m happy about how things are going for Amsterdam,” said the deputy mayor, Udo Kock, adding that at least 30 companies had already chosen to relocate. “It is such a nice city to live in. Who wouldn’t want to live in Amsterdam for a few years?”As Britain slides toward a tumultuous exit from the European bloc, cities on the Continent are looking on with a mixture of opportunism and dread. From Amsterdam to Paris to Frankfurt, officials have been wooing companies seeking refuge from an increasingly uncertain United Kingdom. Yet many are bracing for Brexit-related chaos at ports.Communities on both sides of the channel are already contending with economic weakness as the prospect of a no-deal Brexit discourages investment. Britain’s economy expanded just 1.4 percent last year — the slowest pace since 2012 — and actually contracted in December, according to data released on Monday.Above all, a sense of resignation has taken hold that even before Brexit begins, it has delivered changes that are almost certainly permanent. Companies have moved jobs from Britain to the Continent while applying for local licenses to prevent ruptures to their businesses. The European Medicines Agency, which regulates pharmaceuticals, is in the final stages of closing its London headquarters and moving to Amsterdam. Bankers and traders have shifted parts of their operations.Whatever happens next, none of that is going back.[Where Europe would be hurt most by a no-deal Brexit.]Amsterdam has largely struck out in attracting global banks, most of which have picked cities where they already have offices, especially Frankfurt. Bankers have taken umbrage at Dutch laws that limit the size of bonus payments.But the city has landed other elements of the financial industry, including asset managers and traders. Last month, Japan’s Norinchukin Bank selected Amsterdam as the site of its European branch. A trading platform for Bloomberg and Turquoise, a unit of the London Stock Exchange, both picked Amsterdam.“We had about 100 institutions that came to see us,” said Gerben Everts, a member of the executive board at the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets, which regulates financial services companies. “At least 30” had submitted applications for licenses to operate in the Netherlands, he added.Ever since the June 2016 referendum that set Brexit in motion, the Netherlands has looked on with alarm. Britain is its third-largest trading partner, after Germany and Belgium. The port at Rotterdam is the largest in Europe. Amsterdam’s Schiphol airport is a major corridor for air cargo, and a crucial transit point for the Dutch flower industry.Throw a wrench into any of that and large numbers of people are going to wind up poorer.Mr. Kock, Amsterdam’s deputy mayor, is an economist by trade who once worked for the International Monetary Fund. The economy of Amsterdam’s metropolitan area is about 160 billion euros, about $181 billion, a year, he said. Brexit appears likely to shave about €1 billion off that total.“That’s two or three thousand jobs,” he said.In pursuit of compensation, the city’s economic affairs agency has been trying to attract new jobs.Landing the European Medicines Agency was significant. The regulator employs 900 people. It is building an office tower that will be its new headquarters on the southern reaches of Amsterdam, across a highway from a futuristic hotel designed by the Dutch architect Rem Koolhaas.With the regulator shifting here, Mr. Kock and his team have focused on attracting companies within its orbit, including drugmakers, law firms and insurance companies that serve the pharmaceutical industry.The group conducts tours of Amsterdam, talking up the city’s attributes: swift internet links; a creative work force; an easily accessible airport with more than 300 direct connections to points around the globe.“We have taken a very Dutch approach — modest, but solid and persuasive,” Mr. Kock said. “We didn’t go around London like vultures seeking companies, or lavish them in the palace with seven-course dinners. We offer them coffee with a cookie.”Is that a dig at Paris, where officials have deployed French culinary prowess toward luring investment banking jobs? Mr. Kock grins mischievously.Bringing the medicine regulator has already helped one industry: the relocation business.Ten years ago, Roz Fremder moved to Amsterdam from Boston with her husband, who had taken a job in the chemical industry. She started her own company, Expat Help, which guides newly arriving families as they look for housing, schools and health providers. Early last year, the company secured its largest contract, a deal to help workers with the medicines agency relocate from London.On a recent afternoon, Ms. Fremder walked the eerily devoid corridors of the medicines agency’s former headquarters in the Canary Wharf section of London. About 120 employees had already moved to the Netherlands. An additional 530 were set to complete the trip in 2019, with many of them working from home in the interim. The building will be closed at the end of February.Inside, Ms. Fremder’s team ran a help center for relocating employees. The walls were decorated with drawings of Dutch clogs, windmills and tulips along with a color map of the Netherlands.“There’s so many things people haven’t thought of when you get down to these last days,” Ms. Fremder said. “Like whether their Netflix and Spotify accounts will work when they get there. Whether their appliances will work. I had one lady send me a photo of her phone jack.”Expat Help has doubled in size, to 20 employees from 10. It is about to open a London office in the Shoreditch neighborhood to serve other companies moving to Amsterdam.Which makes Ms. Fremder a clear beneficiary of Brexit. “It has been an opportunity for us,” she said.Political leaders in Britain could still conceivably call off Brexit before the March 29 deadline, or they could perhaps opt for another referendum. Even then, the movements across the channel appear irreversible.“What I hear from the institutions that opted for a license,” Mr. Everts, of the Dutch financial regulator, said, is: “‘Irrespective of how hard the Brexit would be, we are going to move anyway because there’s no way back. We have changed our I.T. We have hired or bought offices here. We have our people.’ They need to have the certainty that this is going to start.”Elmer de Bruin spends much of his day taking phone calls from businesspeople anxious about Brexit. He is the head of international affairs for the Dutch Association for Transport and Logistics, a trade association that represents 5,200 companies. Many of them transport Dutch wares — from garden plants to machinery — across the English Channel.Mr. de Bruin dispenses a standard tool kit of advice. Companies should apply for permits that allow them to ship goods from the Netherlands to Britain after Brexit. Now, shipments proceed without bureaucratic hindrance, because both countries are members of the European single market. After Brexit, Britain will become a foreign country separated by a border.But Mr. de Bruin acknowledged that options were limited, because no one knows what is about to happen.In London, Parliament has rejected an unpopular deal  negotiated by Prime Minister Theresa May that would separate Britain from the bloc but leave it subject to European rules as a way of avoiding a hard border across Ireland. Lawmakers have failed to muster a majority for a version of Brexit that can win favor in Brussels.That Britain will crash out of Europe absent a deal, unleashing chaos on world markets, is an increasingly imaginable possibility.“We say prepare for the worst and hope for the best, but we don’t know what the worst is,” Mr. de Bruin lamented. “It’s out of our reach.”He assumes that the Dutch authorities will do what they can to avoid hindering trade, including coordinating customs and immigration checks.“Our worry is the other side,” he said. “They don’t have the infrastructure and the technology. They will never be able to cope with the enormous flow.”At the English port of Dover, 10,000 trucks proceed every day without fuss bearing cargo between Britain and the Continent. An additional 500 trucks pass through Dover from countries outside the European bloc. They sit there for as long as a half-hour, submitting to inspections and customs procedures.Brexit could turn much of the fast lane into a profit-killing purgatory. Cargo like fresh meat and fish would be vulnerable to spoiling.“It’s really going to hit us,” said Paul Smit, a sales manager at Windhorst, a trucking company. “All the Dutch people are extremely worried.”His company hauls garden plants and trees from Dutch nurseries, with 70 percent of the cargo bound for Britain via ferry. With 100 trucks in its fleet, the company has delayed plans to buy 20 or 30 more, given worries over Brexit.Reimposing customs checks after a quarter-century of unimpeded trade will eliminate flexibility, Mr. Smit complained. Now, Windhorst loads as many trees as can fit into a trailer. Once a customs regimen is in place, it will need to enumerate precisely what it plans to carry — say, 300 fir trees — and then cease loading even if more space remains.“I’m getting so fed up with this Brexit,” Mr. Smit said. “You’re not doing anything else other than talking about this.”MAID Hard Work, Low Pay and a Mother’s Will to Survive By Stephanie Land“I’m not your maid,” goes the outraged refrain of the mother; “I’m not your mother,” the outraged refrain of the girlfriend or wife. The declarations are pleas for respect, consideration; they invoke roles in which women can’t necessarily expect either. What indignities are you subject to when you are both mother and maid?When Stephanie Land was 28, she accidentally got pregnant with a man she’d been dating for four months, a cook in Port Townsend, Wash. This man yelled at her regularly, but she stayed with him until he punched a hole in the door during a fight. Her daughter was 7 months old. Land moved in with her father, but he got violent too, and she left for a homeless shelter. From there, she secured federally subsidized Section 8 housing. Eventually, she began dating someone who had a farm, moved in with him, and started cleaning houses for $9 an hour, a job that offered “no sick pay, no vacation days, no foreseeable increase in wage.” At least one of these $9 hours went to making gas money for the commute. When the farmer broke up with her, she collected money for a deposit on an apartment of her own by appealing to her connections on Facebook. On moving into a studio, she learned it was infected by black mold.Cleaning, which soon became the main source of Land’s income (she also did yardwork), proved grueling and tedious labor. To every house, she lugged “two spray bottles, one container of powdered Comet, two sponges, one pair of yellow gloves, 50 white rags, two dusters, one Oreck vacuum, two mop handles.” As a rule, she started in the upper left corner of the building or room and worked her way across and down until she was done — not unlike a reader. Her boss referred to her as the business’s best cleaner. Clients who had found fault with other employees did not complain about her.Meanwhile, the mold in her apartment made her and her daughter sick, and the cleaning made her body hurt: a “constant burn,” “shooting pain,” “tingling sensations” down her limbs. Nerve damage prevented her from gripping with her dominant right hand, so she was forced to use her left. She got in a car accident and lost her car. She had no time to cultivate new friends, and those she already had weren’t always kind about her plight. She was ashamed to be on public assistance. With nobody around to give her the comfort or reassurance she needed, she tried giving it to herself. “I love you,” she whispered piteously when she was overcome with pain or panic. “I’m here for you.”  She fantasized about moving to Missoula, Mont., for college; about owning a house like the ones she cleaned; about finding a lasting partner. All her hopes seemed implausible. If she were ever in a position to hire a cleaner herself, she vowed, she’d tip them, offer them food, leave them small gifts. She’d treat them “like a guest, not a ghost.” Sometimes, she cried while she cleaned.ImageThe strain of caring for a child in insecure circumstances shadowed the pleasures of motherhood. Land followed a strict bedtime routine with her daughter, hoping that rigid structures would increase the girl’s sense of stability, knowing any foundation was being eroded by her shared custody agreement and frequent changes to their living arrangements. After her relationship with the farmer ended, Land regretted the loss on her daughter’s behalf more than her own. She encountered no personal obstacle that wasn’t magnified in some way by being a single parent, no problem of parenthood that wasn’t intensified by her financial predicament.For a while, as Land recounts in “Maid,” her memoir of her time as a cleaner, she was on seven kinds of government assistance, and still hardly surviving. The paperwork she was forced to complete in order to qualify for help was interminable: applications with questions about her plans for the years to come, detailed proof of income that included documentation of her schedule and letters from clients verifying that she did indeed work for them, and continual updates to account for any change in status. When, at one point, she submitted a handwritten pay stub, an official from the Department of Health and Human Services threatened to rescind her child care grant. To be eligible for a program that subsidized her rent, Land was required to attend a class about how to approach landlords, because they tend to resist renting to those on public assistance.[ Read an excerpt from “Maid.” ]Rent plus groceries plus utilities plus laundry plus insurance plus gas plus clothing minus an hourly paycheck of barely more than minimum wage and the scant assistance parceled out by the government with spectacular reluctance — the brute poetry of home economics recurs throughout Land’s book. When Land is faced with any kind of irregular expense, she must check the budget pinned to her wall, next to her notes about when each bill will be withdrawn and for how much. Math like this isn’t complicated, it’s merely endless. Calculated and recalculated as if the sums will improve with repetition, the figures overwhelm the mind.As Lizzie Feidelson wrote in a 2016 essay for n+1 about her work as a housecleaner, an ambivalent pleasure of the job is that it gives you singularly novelistic insight into the people who dirty the spaces you clean. Details emerge “unbidden, without warning, like smells.” Documents spread on a table, receipts pinned to the fridge, a sound clip emanating from a laptop — the plot points of her clients’ lives, Feidelson observes, “connected in an instant.”Land finds the intimate knowledge she acquires of her mostly absent clients to be similarly evocative. She names the houses she cleans according to whichever possession or habit of the occupants is most conspicuous to her: The Plant House, crowded with large pots on wheeled stands; The Porn House, where a stack of romance novels sits next to a twin bed and a stack of Hustlers near an armchair; The Sad House, whose walls are lined with pictures of the owner’s dead wife and son. She glimpses receipts for rugs that cost as much as her car, a dry-cleaning bill so large she could replace half her wardrobe with the same amount of money. One woman fills her freezer with cartons of cigarettes and her bathroom with jars of anti-wrinkle cream.How well the underclass are forced to know their overseers. This state of affairs is so ordinary, so unremarkable, people hardly mention it. That the poor must grow adept in the customs and quirks of the rich, must attune themselves to their desires and peeves, that this attention is forever and fatally one-sided, is understood merely as the basis for good customer service. Land’s memoir is not particularly artful. The narration advances with some circularity; the language is often stale. But her book has the needed quality of reversing the direction of the gaze. Some people who employ domestic labor will read her account. Will they see themselves in her descriptions of her clients? Will they offer their employees the meager respect Land fantasizes about? Land survived the hardship of her years as a maid, her body exhausted and her brain filled with bleak arithmetic, to offer her testimony. It’s worth listening to.TOKYO — The Nidec Corporation likes to say it makes everything that “spins and moves,” from the intricate motors that whir in hard drives to the hulking ones used on oil rigs. In recent years, things had been going well for the company. Global demand for precision engineering, especially from China, increased sales for Nidec and other Japanese companies, helping to lift long-sluggish Japan out of its economic doldrums. Then sales to China plunged in November and December as the country’s economy slowed. Nidec, which counts on China for about 40 percent of its revenue, slashed its profit projections by more than 25 percent. “I’ve been in management for 46 years,” the company’s founder and chief executive, Shigenobu Nagamori, told reporters in January, “and seeing our monthly orders plummet like this is a first.”Japan’s economic rebirth is in trouble, and China shares part of the blame. Exports have slumped, and companies that depend on Japan’s fast-growing neighbor are slashing profit forecasts and considering idling factories. Combined with other problems — including lackluster spending at home and an aging society — China’s slowdown presents a major challenge to Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his namesake economic program, Abenomics, as he prepares for an important national election this summer. Specifically, it raises questions about how Mr. Abe, who took office in 2012, can fix problems at home without the boost from China’s powerful growth engine.Japan’s economy continues to grow for now, and the fate of Abenomics is far from certain. Still, Mr. Abe’s political opponents are sharpening their knives. “It’s the beginning of the end for Abenomics,” Yuichiro Tamaki of the opposition Democratic Party for the People told reporters in mid-March.The Abe administration points to signs that Japan’s economy is still on track. “We continue to see an increase in consumer spending and capital investment, which are pillars of demand,” Yoshihide Suga, chief cabinet secretary, said at a March news conference. “There has been no change in the moderate recovery of the economy."But even the government is wondering how much longer the expansion can continue. Exports plummeted starting in December. Industrial output fell for three months straight before rising slightly in February. The annual salary negotiations between Japan Inc. and unions ended with only modest gains after the government softened a pressure campaign on companies to raise wages.In mid-March, the government downgraded its economic assessment for the first time in three years, pointing to China’s economy as a major factor.Mr. Abe’s economic proposals were supposed to lift Japan out of a slump that had begun in the early 1990s. They included what he called the “three arrows” of Abenomics: increasing Japan’s money supply, raising government spending and proposing fixes to longstanding problems that discouraged companies from hiring and investing.Pumping money into Japan’s economy provided the quickest fix. Under Mr. Abe’s influence, the central bank began printing more yen in 2013. The value of the currency dropped, making Japanese exports more appealing to foreign buyers. The strategy added gas to Japan’s export machine. Except for a brief downshift in 2015 when a Chinese slowdown hit global growth, Japanese sales abroad picked up speed. Nidec and many other companies like Renesas, which makes semiconductors, and Fanuc, which makes high-end robots, enjoyed steadily rising sales. The easy money policy did little to help other parts of the economy, however. Longstanding problems like deflation, bureaucracy and a shrinking population added friction to the country’s growth.As deflation pushed down prices, companies struggled to increase profits. Deflation generally discourages consumers from making major purchases as they wait for lower prices and better deals. An entrenched and backward-looking corporate culture made it difficult for Japan to keep up with the times. Many companies have resisted government efforts to improve corporate governance and introduce more women into the work force, leading to mixed results for Mr. Abe’s initiatives. As a result, corporate oversight remains weak. And although more women are working than ever, the quality of jobs available to them is still low. Increasing government spending has also proved tricky. Japan has the highest level of debt in the industrialized world, so finding money to spend can be difficult. Mr. Abe has long pushed for an increase in the country’s consumption tax to 10 percent to help finance public spending. But after a first increase in 2014, to 8 percent from 5 percent, shook the economy, the government has twice delayed the politically unpopular second round.Should Japan’s economy continue to weaken, a tax increase could do even more damage. Nonetheless, Mr. Abe has committed to the move. Economists say he has few other options. “There’s no space left for thinking up some additional policies,” said Shinichiro Kobayashi, a senior economist at the research arm of the Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group.That means Japan’s future growth may heavily depend on China.As Japan’s population has aged and demand has weakened, Japanese companies have increasingly looked to China to expand revenue. Growth in the Chinese middle class and the increasing sophistication of its manufacturing base have whetted the country’s appetite for high-end consumer and industrial goods, all underwritten by a cheap yen.But in the short term at least, that demand, too, is weakening. In January, Japan’s exports to China across a wide range of industries — from consumer electronics to the machines that make them — fell more than 17 percent from a year earlier, after a drop of over 6 percent in December. Although exports to the country rebounded in February, the gains did not make up for lost ground.The sudden shift in the Chinese market has forced many Japanese companies to revise their earnings forecasts down. Consumer electronics companies and automakers in particular have expressed pessimism about market conditions, with flagship brands like Nissan, Nikon and Sony moving to temper investors' expectations for sales in the country.It isn’t clear when Chinese demand may bounce back. Beijing has pledged to focus on job creation, made more money available for its state-controlled banks to lend out and promised to make business-friendly moves like cutting taxes and red tape. However, the government reduced its growth target for 2019, saying it is seeking an economic expansion that emphasizes quality over quantity.The picture has been further complicated by trade frictions between the United States and China, as President Trump’s decision to slap tariffs on the country has squeezed Japanese companies with manufacturing there.The trade war is “the biggest risk to Japan’s economy,” Mr. Kobayashi of Mitsubishi UFJ said.Nidec is hanging its hopes for a turnaround on China’s government. Beijing “understands the current critical situation well” Mr. Nagamori said, addressing questions about the future of his company’s business in China, “and we’re sure they’ll use every possible strategy to quickly work out a solution.”In the meantime, he said, the company can’t dwell on its present difficulties. If it does, “we won’t be able to respond when demand comes rushing back,” Mr. Nagamori said. He added, “We’ll lose a big opportunity.”Hisako Ueno contributed research.WASHINGTON — President Trump said on Thursday that he planned to nominate Herman Cain, who abandoned his 2012 presidential bid in the face of escalating accusations of sexual misconduct, for a seat on the Federal Reserve Board.Mr. Trump, speaking from the Oval Office, called Mr. Cain, the former chief executive of Godfather’s Pizza, “a truly outstanding individual” and said, “I’ve told my folks that’s the man.”The decision to consider Mr. Cain is the second time in weeks that the president has floated candidates with deeply held political views and past ethical issues to fill a seat on the Fed, signaling his intent to put allies on a traditionally independent body. It comes as Mr. Trump has continued to attack the Fed and his handpicked chairman, Jerome H. Powell, for raising interest rates in 2018, saying those moves slowed economic growth.Last month, Mr. Trump said he planned to nominate Stephen Moore, a conservative economist who advised his presidential campaign and has become a vocal critic of the central bank’s recent rate increases, as a Fed governor.Mr. Trump has staked his presidency on a booming economy and his re-election could hinge on whether it continues to surge or falter. The Fed, which has the ability to stimulate the economy by lowering interest rates and using other tools at its disposal, will play a crucial role in the economy’s trajectory.While presidents have long stocked regulatory agencies with partisan appointees in pursuit of ideological goals, the Fed’s seven-member board of governors has largely been an exception given the role it plays in the United States economy. The Fed’s primary job is to guide the economy, typically by adjusting interest rates. It aims for sustainable growth, maximum employment and stable prices. It also regulates banks and oversees the plumbing of the financial system.Most developed nations have granted their central banks considerable autonomy over policymaking precisely because of concerns that politicians would seek to increase short-term growth at the expense of inflation and instability. Some modern presidents have opined openly about what the Fed should do, including President George Bush, who declared in a State of the Union address that the central bank should keep rates low.But in recent decades, the volume of public commentary greatly diminished as politicians concluded that pressuring the Fed was counterproductive.The president has largely abandoned that tradition. Last year, as interest rates rose and the stock market declined, Mr. Trump repeatedly attacked Fed policy as “crazy,” “wild” and “loco.” He asked aides whether he could replace the chairman and lamented privately that Mr. Powell’s appointment was one of his biggest regrets.The Fed, which raised rates for five consecutive quarters amid a roaring economy with the lowest unemployment rate in nearly two decades, has since paused its campaign. Mr. Powell has repeatedly rebuffed any suggestion that the central bank is being influenced by Mr. Trump’s broadsides, saying it is adopting a more “patient” approach to interest rates given signs of economic weakness in the United States and abroad.With two open seats on the seven-member Fed, Mr. Trump has the ability to drastically shape the central bank for the foreseeable future. The president has already appointed four of the Fed’s current governors, who carry 14-year terms. One governor, Lael Brainard, is a holdover from the Obama administration.The appointment and confirmation of Mr. Moore and Mr. Cain could put the Fed in uncharted territory. While the institution has strongly rooted values around technical competence and apolitical debate, Mr. Trump’s latest choices have been political actors rather than in-the-weeds experts in any of the main areas in which the Fed makes policy.Two governors alone cannot entirely shape Fed policy, but they can have an effect on decisions. The Federal Open Market Committee, which sets interest rates, consists of 12 voting members, including the seven governors, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and four regional Federal Reserve Bank presidents, who serve one-year terms on a rotating basis. Changes to interest rates must be approved by a majority of the voting members.Both Mr. Moore and Mr. Cain are undergoing background checks, and if nominated, must be confirmed by the Senate.The choice of such candidates to fill two of the most powerful jobs in economic policy is raising fears among some Fed veterans that the president is installing political allies at the central bank to do his bidding.“It’s one thing to put cronies into the executive branch, but I think the central bank is another kind of institution that it’s so critical in that it holds the reins solely to monetary policy,” said Sarah Bloom Raskin, who served on the Fed’s board of governors from 2010 to 2014. “It has the potential to undermine the credibility of monetary policy.”Mr. Cain’s nomination is being supported by Larry Kudlow, who heads the National Economic Council and also recommended Mr. Moore for a Fed seat, according to a person familiar with the discussions.While he heaped praise on his “friend” Mr. Cain, Mr. Trump earlier in the day continued his assault on the “destructive actions” taken by the Fed and said on Twitter that the economy was very strong despite the central bank’s efforts.The selection of Mr. Moore and Mr. Cain appeared to be a counterweight to Mr. Powell. But while Mr. Moore has been publicly critical of the Fed and called for Mr. Powell to resign, Mr. Cain’s views are less clear.As a presidential candidate, Mr. Cain rode a brief surge in popularity to the top of the polls on the back of his “9-9-9” economic plan. The proposal called for scrapping the existing tax code and replacing it with a flat 9 percent income tax, a 9 percent business tax and a 9 percent national retail sales tax. The concept was hailed by some for its simplicity, but it ultimately fizzled with his campaign.On monetary policy, his views are equally unorthodox. In a 2012 op-ed in The Wall Street Journal, Mr. Cain accused the central bank of manipulating the value of the dollar by raising and lowering interest rates by whim and called for a return to the gold standard, which was abandoned in 1971.“For the last 40 years in Washington, regulate has meant manipulate, with the Federal Reserve raising and lowering interest rates and buying and selling assets at its own discretion,” Mr. Cain wrote, arguing that a complex society needs fixed standards. “A dollar should be defined — as it was prior to 1971 under the postwar Bretton Woods system — as a fixed quantity of gold.”Mr. Cain is also a former chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, a role that is often given to local business leaders. In a 2011 interview with The Atlantic, Drue Jennings, who served with Mr. Cain on the board, said that Mr. Cain was an “inflation hawk” when it came to monetary policy, a moniker attributed to those who view rising prices as a threat to economic growth and favor higher interest rates to keep inflation in check.Mr. Trump has made clear he has no interest in a Fed governor who wants to raise rates but, more recently, Mr. Cain has shown that he has evolved on the subject.“If I were offered the job, I would try to encourage the Fed not to make inflation a fear factor because deflation, as Stephen Moore had pointed out in a great article that he wrote along with another economist, deflation is more of a fear factor than inflation,” Mr. Cain said in a February interview with the Fox Business Network.Perhaps most important to Mr. Trump, Mr. Cain has shown that he is loyal to the president. In September, Mr. Cain formed the America Fighting Back PAC, which has a mission of publicly rebutting what he believes is misinformation about Mr. Trump.“We’re offering a compelling, solid refutation to what you hear from the media and the rest of the left about President Trump and conservative ideas,” Mr. Cain said at the time.It is unclear whether Mr. Cain will clear the background check. His presidential campaign came to a screeching halt after several women came forward with accusations of sexual harassment or improper behavior.The selection of Mr. Cain drew backlash on Thursday from some of those women.Ginger White, who publicly said in 2011 that she and Mr. Cain had had an affair, said that he should not be rewarded for such actions. Ms. White said that the affair was on and off for 13 years and that Mr. Cain denied it because he was seeking the Republican nomination for president.“We need honesty and integrity in those who are appointed to public office,” Ms. White said in a statement released by her lawyer, Gloria Allred. “Herman Cain should not be rewarded for his bad behavior. In my opinion, he lacks what should be required for appointment to the Federal Reserve or any public office.”Sharon Bialek, who is also represented by Ms. Allred, came forward in 2011 and accused Mr. Cain of grabbing her in a sexually aggressive way when she sought his help after losing her job at the National Restaurant Association in the late 1990s. Ms. Bialek said in a statement on Thursday evening that Mr. Cain sexually harassed her and that he was not fit for public service.“I did not think that he was a man of character then, and I do not think he is now,” Ms. Bialek said. “Anyone who uses their position of power to take advantage of a woman does not possess the character, integrity or values required to serve on the Federal Reserve Board.”In some ways, Mr. Cain, who preferred news interviews to intensive retail campaigning, presaged Mr. Trump’s own outsider campaign four years later. But unlike the president’s presidential bid, Mr. Cain’s was fatally wounded when he faced charges of sexual misconduct.In October 2011, Politico reported that Mr. Cain, as head of the National Restaurant Association, had been accused of sexually harassing two women, who left the trade group after receiving financial payouts and signing nondisclosure agreements. One of the women, who was from Chicago, said that Mr. Cain made an unwanted and rough physical advance.Confronted with the claims, Mr. Cain initially did not deny them. He later proclaimed his innocence and sought to cast blame on political rivals and the news media for what he called a smear campaign.Other women emerged soon after to say that they, too, had been sexually harassed by Mr. Cain. By that December, he dropped out of the presidential race.WASHINGTON — It was almost lunchtime at a food court downtown and Yonas A. Seyoum, the manager of the Esprinto Café, marched over to the cash register and printed out the morning’s sales.“It’s crazy,” he said, holding up a drooping receipt.He had done $52.71 of business in five hours, miserable even for January.“Not even enough to pay her,” Mr. Seyoum said, motioning to the cashier, a young woman leaning on the counter and playing gin rummy on her phone.He added: “It’s like a ghost city — totally dead.”As the country nears the end of its third week of a government shutdown, the consequences of Washington’s political dysfunction are landing right on the city’s doorstep. The Washington metro area is home to the largest number of federal workers in the country, and as their paychecks begin to stop, the negative effects threaten to spread across the region.This is an unusual problem for a region that boasts one of the country’s richest, strongest economies, powered by government spending and a large, stable federal work force.It is a place that lives on the legions of lobbyists and lawyers who knock on the doors of government. At the core is a federal work force divided between those at the upper echelons of the Civil Service making six-figure salaries, and those making less pay in lower-ranking jobs. The Washington area’s African-American population has traditionally been one of the chief beneficiaries of the government’s large pool of middle-class jobs.And those who are the most affected are people at the lower end of the income ladder with no savings and no way to make up the loss.The metro area has about 360,000 federal workers, representing 11.5 percent of the region’s full-time work force, according to Stephen Fuller, an economist at George Mason University who focuses on the Washington area. Of that group, about 145,000 have been furloughed, he said. This does not account for the many federal contractors whose pay is dependent on the government and who, unlike those in the Civil Service, do not expect any back pay.Mr. Fuller said that as long as the shutdown ended before February, the economic effect on the overall region would be minimal — about 2.8 percent of the region’s economic daily output. Still, the longer the shutdown went on, the higher chance it would cause more lasting damage, he said.When other parts of the country suffered during the Great Recession, the area around the nation’s capital boomed. Over the last decade, a wave of new restaurants, bars and retailers have opened, catering to young professionals. But some of the small businesses that have sprung up in recent years are now feeling the brunt of the shutdown.Abu Ahamed, a Bangladeshi-American food truck owner parked near the National Portrait Gallery, said that his sales had plummeted and that he had taken the emergency step of offering passers-by free samples.“Sample?” he shouted, holding a piece of lamb kebab on a toothpick toward a woman walking by, who smiled but did not stop.He said he had made about $50 on Saturday and $172 on Sunday, tiny fractions of what he usually earned, and was worried he would not be able to pay his rent if the shutdown kept going. He applied for a job with his old employer, CVS, and was told he would hear back in two weeks.“I said, ‘I need the job right now!’” he said, his head poking out the window of his green truck.At home, when he explained the family’s situation to his 10-year-old daughter, he could tell she was troubled.“I said, ‘Do you have enough for the lunch?’ and she told me, ‘But Daddy, you don’t have any money!’” he said. “I think she feels hunger but she doesn’t tell us. As a father, this is very painful.”The shutdown is already beginning to test the operations of the city of Washington itself, which has historically never had full autonomy from Congress and depends on the federal government for basic functions like its local court system. Large sections of the city’s public spaces — from the National Mall to the 1,700-acre Rock Creek Park — are on federal land.The District has had to add garbage crews to collect trash from 640 federal trash bins. The agency that supervises residents on parole and probation is without a director because Congress is not around to confirm him. On Tuesday, the City Council gave the mayor emergency authority to issue marriage licenses, because the Marriage Bureau, funded by the federal government, is closed.“It seems pretty ridiculous,” said Mayor Muriel Bowser of the closing. She noted in a telephone interview that the city was spending around $70,000 a week to pick up federal trash and had added overtime hours for the department that processes unemployment claims, but was powerless against the bigger problem.“We can do nothing about people’s anxiety,” she said, noting that for many federal workers, Friday would be the first day without a paycheck.With federal workers at home, and the closing of the Smithsonian museums resulting in fewer tourists, the streets had the lonely feel of a public holiday. Lunch places had no lines. The area’s Metro transit system had plenty of seats.For Dick Lehimdjian, who owns a salon on F Street NW whose sales had not dipped, the empty city meant one thing: His 45-minute commute from Virginia was now just 15 minutes.“It is wonderful to come to work,” he said, smiling.But Trang Mai, who was setting up her ice cream and hot dog truck across from the Department of Commerce on Tuesday morning, had seen a plunge in her sales. Ms. Mai said she was so distracted that she initially forgot her son’s 10th birthday.“I’m tired, really I’m tired,” she said. She tried to sell her truck online, but so far has had no bidders. She said she told her husband to sell their house in Annandale, Va., because they could no longer afford the payments.“You want it?” she asked, hopefully.The area’s counties, including Loudoun, Fairfax and Arlington in Virginia, rank among the country’s wealthiest by median income. In Arlington County, where 21 percent of the residents are federal workers, Ari Valdez, general manager of The Liberty Tavern, said that when the shutdown first began, there was a spike in sales.“People were happy they didn’t have to go back to work for a while,” he said.But since then, sales have slowed, with one exception: Happy hour. People are coming in earlier and staying longer, but often not having dinner.“It’s increasing happy hour and decreasing dinner,” he said.He said he had moved happy hour earlier to 3 p.m. from 4 p.m. for anyone showing government identification, and that people were coming in as early as 2 p.m.On Tuesday, one of those was Nina Prasad, a federal contractor who was sitting with her laptop at the bar, a manhattan cocktail to her right and an octopus salad to her left. She said she was still working and being paid, but that many of her calls had been canceled and her office was closed.“It puts a stop on things,” said Ms. Prasad, 38, adding, “I’m starting to lose track of the days. Time is passing so slowly.”Many federal workers said they had savings and could manage, at least for now. Ken Kero-Mentz, a Foreign Service officer with the State Department who has been posted in Iraq, Germany, Brazil and Sri Lanka, said his first day without pay would be next Wednesday.“That’s when it will really be like, ‘Whoa,’” he said.Mr. Kero-Mentz, 48, said he had been taking care of tasks he never had time for. He posted pictures of furniture in his attic he has long wanted to get rid of, and now has a bit of extra cash from selling two end tables. Tomorrow, someone is coming to look at a desk.He wasn’t worried about his finances, yet.“I’m fortunate — I’ve been able to save some money,” Mr. Kero-Mentz said. “I’m not suffering. But I know people who are.”The package of eccentric ideas known as modern monetary theory — for example, that annual deficits are too small, and that the United States can essentially print money to pay off its debt — has been on the receiving end of a remarkable level of vitriol.In policy circles, heavyweight economists have churned out scathing attacks. In the business arena, titans like Laurence D. Fink and Bill Gates have labeled it “garbage” and “crazy talk.” And in academia, when the University of Chicago’s Booth School of Business asked top scholars about a couple of its claims, they split between the 28 percent who disagreed and the 72 percent who strongly disagreed.But M.M.T., as it’s known, is attracting a conspicuous number of fans in an unexpected place: Wall Street. Money managers, chief executives and business analysts maintain that the approach offers several important and overlooked insights, and far from finding it fanciful or deranged, they are using M.M.T. to build economic forecasts and even trading strategies.“I don’t look at labels in terms of what’s on the left and the right,” said Jan Hatzius, the chief economist at Goldman Sachs. “I try to look at what makes me have a better chance of getting the forecast right, and I do find some of the ideas useful.”So does Paul A. McCulley, a former chief economist at the behemoth asset firm Pimco. Ideas like M.M.T. that rub against the grain of conventional economics, he said, have “for all of my career been a very useful framework for analysis.”That framework helped produce billion-dollar gains for the company after the 2008 financial crisis. Dismissing alarms about outsize government debt and white-knuckle interest rates, Pimco instead bet successfully that rates would remain low. When it came to decision-making during this period, Mr. McCulley said, M.M.T. and other unorthodox approaches helped him “get it right.”Richard C. Koo, chief economist at the Nomura Research Institute in Tokyo, said he had been telling his clients for years that “even with huge budget deficits in the U.S., interest rates would actually come down, not go up.”Wall Street is not immune to the herd mentality, but Mr. Koo and several other analysts argued that academic economists had a vested interest in certain theories and were, therefore, more likely to suffer from groupthink.In an article posted on Wednesday on the website of Grantham, Mayo, Van Otterloo & Company, known as GMO, the strategist James Montier wrote: “For me an economic approach must help me understand the world, and provide me with some useful insights (preferably about my day job — investing). On those measures, let me assure you that M.M.T. thrashes neoclassical economics, hands down.”And Daniel Alpert, a managing partner of the investment bank Westwood Capital, credited the theory with preventing him from panicking that rates would soar when the Federal Reserve set off a brief “taper tantrum” in 2013 and announced it was easing its stimulus program.Over the past couple of years, he said, the Fed tried everything — “it did a belly dance to get long-term interest rates up” — and it didn’t work.M.M.T., Mr. Alpert said, “successfully debunks 40 years of misassumptions of how markets and public credit work.”Explaining M.M.T.’s AppealProgressive politicians like Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont and Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York are among the most vocal supporters of M.M.T., but the theory’s appeal crosses political lines in part because it offers a narrative for a series of events that the established wisdom failed to anticipate or explain.Big government deficits, for instance, were supposed to mop up available pools of capital and drive up interest rates, which would, in turn, elbow out private investors, damage growth and feed inflation.But the last decade was different. When deficits soared after the recession, interest rates fell and savings rates climbed. Investors are awash in capital. The economy has been expanding, slowly, for 10 years, with unemployment and inflation rates ensconced at record-low levels.One reason for the misjudgments may be that the economic models that confidently strode down the mainstream were hammered out in the decades after World War II, when American companies had an enormous appetite for capital investment. “We don’t live in that world anymore,” said Mr. Koo of Nomura. Today, vast fortunes shift across oceans in an instant, currencies are untethered from gold, and your local coffee shop may no longer accept cash.Technological advances, demographic shifts and persistently lower interest rates have further altered the global economy. Mohamed A. El-Erian, chief economic adviser at the financial firm Allianz, wrote in an email that “modern monetary theory has merit in stimulating debate” on whether those changes provide “for governments to run larger economically sustainable deficits than was previously thought possible.”Besides the risk of government deficits, M.M.T. throws out a drawerful of other venerable assumptions with Marie Kondo-esque ruthlessness. To start, it instructs you to erase that textbook drawing of a white-haired Uncle Sam collecting tax dollars from the public and then using them to pay for military weapons, highway repairs, federal workers’ wages and more.Tax revenues are not what finance the government’s expenditures, argues Stephanie Kelton, an economist at Stony Brook University and one of the most influential modern monetary theorists. What actually happens in a country that controls its own currency, she says, is that the government first decides what it’s going to spend. In the United States, Congress agrees on a budget. Then government agencies start handing out dollars to the public to pay for those tanks, earth movers and salaries. Afterward, it takes a portion back in the form of taxes. If the government takes back less than it gave out, there will be a deficit.“The national debt is nothing more than a historical record of all of the dollars that were spent into the economy and not taxed back, and are currently being saved in the form of Treasury securities,” Ms. Kelton said.Ms. Kelton, a frequent speaker at business and financial conferences and the chief economic adviser to Mr. Sanders during his 2016 presidential campaign, points out that every dollar the government spends translates into a dollar of income for someone else. So a deficit in the public sector simultaneously produces a surplus outside the government.The reverse is also true, Ms. Kelton maintains, and that can lead to trouble. The seven biggest American depressions or downturns going back 200 years, she said, were all preceded by government surpluses.Ms. Kelton complains that modern monetary theorists are often incorrectly described as contending that “deficits don’t matter.” Of course they matter, she said.What she disagrees with is the reason given. In her view, deficits are not a sign of excessive spending or necessarily a forerunner of inflation. They can be too big, especially if they are not used to increase the nation’s productive capacity, or if there is a shortage of labor, raw materials and factories.“If Congress authorizes too much spending and businesses are not nimble enough” to absorb it, there can be bottlenecks and price pressure, she acknowledged.But she argues that it is much more likely that deficits are too small, depriving the economy of critical investments. The best way to stabilize the economy and ensure full employment and a humming economy, she said, is to have the federal government guarantee every American a job.The notion that surpluses could cause economic downturns flips conventional thinking. Yet the idea of sectoral balances — that government or nongovernment deficits are offset by surpluses on the other side — is what some financial economists find so illuminating, even if they stop short of endorsing all of the theory’s tenets.“It is a great way of summarizing whether households and firms are living beyond their means,” said Mr. Hatzius of Goldman Sachs. “It is a great indicator of potential financial crises.”In his view, giant private-sector deficits are much more alarming than public-sector ones because households and companies are at much greater risk of losing access to credit in a downturn. Unlike the Treasury, they can’t print money — or issue bonds — when they run out.Mr. McCulley, now retired from Pimco, used the same kind of analysis to guide his investing decisions after the financial crisis. He figured the only way that private borrowers could shrink their vast storehouse of debt was to have the government buy up those assets. He was unconcerned that the federal deficit would balloon as a result.Pimco’s view during the crisis, he said, was “shake hands with the government,” because it had the largest checkbook. That is why the firm invested heavily, for example, in the federally guaranteed mortgage-backed securities that most other firms were shedding.Mr. Koo of Nomura has further developed the idea of sectoral balances to explain the most recent wave of recessions and argue for larger government deficits. The problem that major economies in Japan, Europe and the United States have today, he said, is that despite low interest rates, investment opportunities in domestic markets don’t offer sufficient returns to lure borrowers to go into debt, using the vast pools of available savings.That means “the government has to spend money to keep the economy going,” he said. And as long as the government invests in projects that produce an economic return greater than the yield on 10-year Treasury notes — currently about 2.5 percent — “this will never be a burden on taxpayers.”Ray Dalio, the founder of Bridgewater Associates, one of the world’s largest hedge funds, made a similar point in a paper he released recently about saving capitalism. Without any specific reference to M.M.T., he noted that “policymakers pay too much attention to budgets relative to returns on investments.”The View From St. CroixA couple of M.M.T.’s academic strongholds are the University of Missouri-Kansas City and the Levy Economics Institute at Bard College. And there, too, Wall Street’s attraction to the theory has played a role.Warren Mosler, a hedge-fund mogul who resides in low-tax St. Croix, helped bankroll some of the work at those schools, donating money for student scholarships and conferences.Mr. Mosler developed some of the ideas underlying M.M.T. from his own observations of financial operations, and has written a couple of short treatises.He is used to doubters. “It’s astounding,” he said. How could the Fed chairman be wrong, he mused, and “somebody sitting in St. Croix in a pair of shorts be right?”Ron Biscardi, chief executive of the investment firm Context Capital Partners, was one of those persuaded by the guy in shorts. When he read Mr. Mosler’s book, the ideas struck him as both revolution and revelation.Mr. Biscardi’s company also runs conferences for the hedge-fund industry to which he has invited Ms. Kelton as a speaker. He had recently returned from one at the Fontainebleau Hotel in Miami Beach that featured tête-à-têtes between hundreds of investors and alternative asset managers and a keynote speech by Gary Cohn, the former director of the Trump administration’s National Economic Council.Mr. Biscardi described himself as a libertarian and conservative. To him, modern monetary theory means not only more government spending on infrastructure, but also lower taxes on the wealthy. After all, if government deficits can grow larger, there’s no need to raise as much revenue.To many mainstream economists, though, M.M.T. is a confused mishmash that proponents use to support their political objectives, whether big government programs like “Medicare for all” and the Green New Deal or smaller taxes. Think of the Mirror of Erised in the Harry Potter saga, which shows the heart’s desire — a tantalizing prospect that ultimately brings ruin.From this perspective, M.M.T. is a version of free-lunchonomics, leaving the next generation to pay for this generation’s profligacy.Although several prominent mainstream economists have recently revised their thinking about the risks of large government debt, they continue to reject other tenets of M.M.T.At some point, they insist, if the government just creates money to pay the bills, hyperinflation will kick in.“The idea that deficits don’t matter for countries that can borrow in their own currency I think is just wrong,” the Federal Reserve chairman, Jerome H. Powell, testified before the Senate Banking Committee in February.Reckoning With KeynesNarayana Kocherlakota, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis from 2009 to 2015, is aware of the conflicts between M.M.T. and the traditional framework developed by John Maynard Keynes, in which it is rooted.But he is more struck by their similarities rather than their differences. Both recommend that government should spend when the private sector isn’t doing enough to employ the nation’s work force, raw materials and factories to prompt growth. Both deem inflation to be insidious.The inflationary threat looms particularly large for economists of his generation, Mr. Kocherlakota, 55, said. For them, the seminal experience was the scarring inflation of the 1970s. “The big lesson was that resources are always scarce,” he said.But over the past decade, he said, his thinking has evolved. Now Mr. Kocherlakota is more inclined to believe that scarcity is not the overriding problem and that the federal government could spend more without risk of excessive inflation.If you put aside the theoretical disputations, Mr. Kocherlakota said, the important question is: How far is the United States from reaching the limits of its capacity?Even with a jobless rate under 4 percent, he believes there is room to maneuver.Mr. Kocherlakota said that compared to those within the Fed, chief executives, financiers and analysts who operate internationally tend to be more open to modern monetary theory in their analyses of government deficits and inflation.“Folks who take a global perspective are much more likely to see a lot of unused capacity,” he said. They realize “inflation is not built at home anymore, it’s built through global pressures.”Mr. McCulley, the Pimco alumnus, would put his money on that. Increasing the deficit so that the government could invest in infrastructure and the labor force “would not make me bearish on the stock market at all,” he said.“At all,” he repeated. “If anything, it would make me bullish.”The economy’s remarkably steady job-creation machine sputtered in February and produced a mere 20,000 jobs. It was the smallest gain in well over a year and came on top of other signs that the economy was off to a sluggish start in 2019. For months, the labor market could be counted on for an upbeat counterpoint to negative developments, including a fragile global economy weighed down by trade tensions. In the United States, growth for the first quarter is expected to dance around the 1 percent bar, as the shot of adrenaline delivered by last year’s tax cuts fades. Carl Tannenbaum, chief economist at Northern Trust in Chicago, said Friday’s news from the Labor Department was worrisome. “This is a disappointing report,” he said. “I don’t think there’s any way to sugarcoat it.”But the longer-term trend is what matters, and there were competing interpretations of whether the report was a troubling omen or a fluke.Beyond the month’s payroll figure, the report offered some unambiguously good news, including 3.4 percent year-over-year wage growth, the strongest in a decade.  Revisions to previous months’ estimates added 12,000 jobs, bringing the average gains for December, January and February to 186,000. The official jobless rate fell to 3.8 percent, from 4 percent in January. A broader measure of employment that includes part-timers who would prefer full-time work and those too discouraged to search fell to 7.3 percent from 8.1 percent. “That’s a year’s worth of improvement in one month,” said G. Scott Clemons, chief investment strategist at the private bank Brown Brothers Harriman. Aftereffects of the government shutdown and wretched weather may have contributed to anomalies in the report. “This is the strangest jobs report I’ve seen in a long time,” Mr. Clemons said. “It’s bizarre. I can’t help but think there is noise in there.” During the decade-long expansion, the economy has churned out 20 million jobs. The anemic job creation and rising wages could indicate that the pool of available workers was drying up, and employers were having trouble filling openings.“The real challenge is the shortage of people,” said Tom Gimbel, chief executive of LaSalle Network, a staffing firm in Chicago. He said he speaks to roughly two dozen hiring managers and chief executives every week, and everyone is bullish. “I haven’t had anybody in 2019 tell me that they’re not going to be adding head count,” he said. But the combination of the payroll news with the prospect of torpid first-quarter growth and stubborn trade disputes cannot be brushed off, said Mr. Tannenbaum, the Northern Trust economist. “It’s a signal we need to be cautious with the U.S. economic outlook,” he added.  On Wall Street, the S&P 500 was down roughly 0.2 percent on Friday. It was the fifth straight decline for the index, a marked slowdown after the first two months of the year. The fallout from the government shutdownThe labor report could reflect some of the confusion and delays prompted by the 35-day partial government shutdown, which extended through most of January. Furloughed federal workers and affected contractors had to scrounge for part-time work when their paychecks were halted. Those circumstances were reflected in January’s report, which showed that the number of workers who snagged part-time jobs for economic reasons jumped by nearly half a million and those temporarily unemployed rose by roughly 175,000.“They now have paychecks and don’t need to drive Uber to make ends meet,” said Diane Swonk, chief economist at the accounting firm Grant Thornton. The shutdown also postponed hiring both within the government and in the private sector, in part because the federal electronic service that verifies the employment eligibility of prospective workers — E-Verify — was not operating. Some of those hires, particularly in the public sector, may be in the pipeline. Government payrolls — federal, state and local — were down by 5,000.Delays in income-tax refunds may also have had an impact, if people held off with discretionary purchases, Ms. Swonk said. The leisure and hospitality showed no growth. Some of the layoffs that big retailers like Gap, JCPenney, Sears, Dollar Tree and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced may be starting to trickle through as well, with a drop of 6,100 in the retail sector.In addition, the construction industry, which is closely linked to weather conditions, shed 31,000 jobs last month.More broadly, optimism continues Outside of the government’s report, signs of employer confidence were still evident. “I’ve been in this business over 40 years, and February always presents kind of a pause,” said William H. Stoller, chairman and chief executive of Express Employment Professionals, which is based in Oklahoma City. He compared it to taking a breath during a marathon, before a second wind kicks in. “I don’t see it hitting the wall at all at this point,” he said.Other recruiting and employment professionals also expect the labor market to regain its momentum. Bill Ravenscroft, a senior vice president at the staffing firm Adecco, pointed to a growing willingness to convert temporary workers into full-time staff members. The high rate of conversion, he said, shows there is little concern that layoffs will be needed down the road.With job postings outpacing applicants, Adecco has started to offer daily pay to lure more people into the pool of potential workers. Many job seekers can’t wait two weeks for the paychecks, Mr. Ravenscroft said. Now, “if you log eight hours that day, you get paid for it.”Sanford Health’s weight-loss and lifestyle program, Profile, has been on a hiring binge, said Nate Malloy, Profile’s chief executive. He said he expected 100 new locations, many of them franchises, to open this year. “We’re adding around 50 to 100 employees a month” across locations, he said. Most are health coaches, with starting wages of $15 to $20 an hour. As has been the case throughout the recovery, job opportunities can vary widely by region. Hard-pressed rural areas have experienced the slowest growth in employment, yet residents are often unable or unwilling to abandon their homes and move to other areas. The job growth reflected in the monthly reports is spread relatively evenly across large urban areas, but the Brookings Institution’s Hamilton Project found that “rural counties — the majority of which were already struggling — seem to be increasingly left behind with employment barely growing over the last five years.”Nationwide, though, employers talked about their hiring plans. Ace Hardware, a cooperative of independently owned and operated hardware stores, expects an additional 160 stores will open this year, creating 2,500 jobs, said Kane Calamari, the company’s personnel chief. Of the 681 employers surveyed last month by Vistage, an association of small-business owners and executives, nearly 60 percent said they planned to increase their total staff over the next 12 months. That share is down from last year, said Joe Galvin, Vistage’s chief research officer, but is still strong.And on Twitter, President Trump continued to be an enthusiastic cheerleader for the economy. Shortly after the report’s release Friday morning, he cited a Fox News commentator’s observation that United States has “the strongest economy in the world,” writing, “So true!”Matt Phillips contributed reporting.With more than a year and a half to go before the 2020 elections, Republicans can take comfort in a number of factors.The result of the Mueller investigation has set back Democratic hopes for an easy victory; the history of presidents running for a second term favors incumbents; and the economy under Trump is booming.Trump, however, has stepped on his own re-election prospects. His 2020 budget proposal calls for a $845 billion cut over 10 years in Medicare, a $25 billion cut in Social Security and a $1.5 trillion cut in Medicaid — programs that benefit the old, the disabled and the poor.More recently, the Department of Justice announced its support for a suit brought by a group of Republican attorneys general seeking to have the entire Affordable Care Act — which currently provides medical care for 8.5 million Americans — declared invalid. This foreshadows Trump’s gamble on his continuing ability to sell the dark issues of racial resentment and cultural alienation that dominated the 2016 campaign.But what is the current state of play in the American electorate?Two major studies released this month, the General Social Survey and the Cooperative Congressional Election Study, reveal some generally positive trends for Democrats: defections in the Midwest among Trump voters, as well as a shift to the left among all voters on issues of race, immigration and spending on the poor.G. Elliott Morris, a political analyst for The Economist, examined state-by-state data in the Cooperative Congressional Election Study. In an email, Morris wrote that the 2018 results make it clearthat the president has lost a significant amount of support across the nation, both among his “core" or “base” supporters and the rest. While millions of suburban whites who voted for Trump in 2016 cast ballots in 2018 for Democratic House and Senate candidates, “the defection runs much deeper than that,” Morris said. Not only did better-off suburbanites defect, “but more important so did working class whites.”“My analysis of the 2018 C.C.E.S. data,” Morris continued, “finds that 7 percent of white voters without a college education left Trump’s side.” These non-college whites were crucial to Trump’s Electoral College victory, and “small numbers of defections could make a big difference,” especially in the Midwest, where, according to Morris, they make up 57 percent of the voters, compared with 47 percent nationwide.In 2016, Trump capitalized on hostility to immigrants and minorities. Tom Wood, a political scientist at Ohio State, examined the General Social Survey data and found a noticeable, albeit modest, increase in social and cultural tolerance in 2018 among all voters. That a rise in tolerance is a negative for Republicans speaks for itself.“Quite contrary to popular concerns,” Wood wrote in an email, “it seems that the American public has only grown more tolerant and inclusive over recent decades,” before adding, “There’s been meaningful improvement, or stability, in each of these measures of tolerance since the early 1990s.”The General Social Survey found, for example, growing numbers in favor of federal spending for the poor. Among all those surveyed, the percentage saying that too little is spent on the poor rose from 70 percent in 2014 to 86 percent in 2018 among Democrats and from 38 to 56 percent among Republicans.“I’d be reluctant to infer too much about this for the electoral stakes for 2020,” Wood wrote,but it does suggest that much anguishing about the U.S. electorate — that it’s growing more adverse to minorities, and is becoming scientifically uniformed on issues of high political charge — is basically wrong.In another development with substantial political consequences, the national religious landscape is changing in a direction favorable to the left: Americans with no religious affiliation — a disproportionately Democratic constituency — have now become the largest religious group, edging past evangelical Americans and Catholics by the slimmest of margins, as the accompanying graphic shows.The rise of nonbelievers is even more politically significant if white evangelicals are considered separately from their heavily Democratic black, Hispanic and other minority counterparts.White evangelicals, according to Ryan Burge, a political scientist at Eastern Illinois University, now make up 18.6 percent of the population, 4.4 percentage points less than the 23 percent of the population who profess no religious commitment.Among white evangelicals, Republicans outnumber Democrats 61.1 percent to 21.7 percent, according to Burge. Among those without religious affiliation, Democrats outnumber Republicans 53 percent to 21.5 percent.Robert Jones, the C.E.O. of the Public Religion Research Institute, and Paul Djupe, a political scientist at Denison University, observe that the edging out of white evangelicals by the nonreligious — known to pollsters as “Nones” — is almost certain to drive remaining white evangelicals further into the ranks of the Republican Party.Jones wrote in an email that, according to the new General Society Survey data, “today, the religiously unaffiliated outnumber white evangelical Protestants” by nearly 7 percentage points.The decrease in the percentage of white evangelicals began, Jones continued, during President Barack Obama’s eight years in power. According to Jones, the anxieties that produced about a changing country and white evangelicals’ place in it were actually integral to pushing white evangelical Protestants toward support for Donald Trump in 2016. So these changes are not just now upon us; they’ve been an engine driving the political dynamics for some time. But the new G.S.S. data shows them continuing unabated.In other words, in the short term, as they feel they are being eclipsed, white evangelicals become more politically engaged, more assertive — and more dangerous to their opponents.Burge claims, however, that the long-term future of the conservative evangelical movement could be in doubt:It’s going to run into a demographic brick wall going forward. 81 percent of evangelicals in 2018 were white, compared to 72.4 percent of the overall population. Among younger voters 18 to 25, “only 60 percent are white,” according to Burge.Ultimately, Burge argued,hitching their wagon to Trump may stave off some losses now, but it may be a fatal strategy in ten or twenty years.While the trends highlighted in the Cooperative Congressional Election Study and General Social Survey are generally favorable to the Democratic Party, they also point to obstacles Democrats face.Stephen Ansolabehere, a political scientist at Harvard, noted that more than two thirds of sitting presidents have been re-elected. He went on to point out that “presidential second term elections are driven strongly by the economy.” Ansolabehere maintains thatif the economy is steaming along Trump will have the wind in his sails. The presidents who faltered in recent memory are Carter and Bush senior, both of whom faced weak economies.Brian Schaffner, a political scientist at Tufts, raised another issue. “There is certainly some good news for Democrats,” he wrote, but “the caveat seems to be that opinion is mostly moving for the people who were already inclined to support Democrats,” before adding: “What we don’t see is much movement among Republicans.”Schaffner, who serves along with Ansolabehere as a principal investigator at the Cooperative Congressional Election Study, also cautioned in an email against putting too much stock in the data showing that some voters who had cast ballots for Trump switched to Democratic House candidates in 2018.“The C.C.E.S. data do show that about twice as many Trump voters flipped to supporting Democrats in 2018 as Clinton voters switched to Republicans,” Schaffner wrote, “which suggests that a lot of those ‘blue wall’ states from 2016 may be leaning against Trump slightly as we head to 2020.”He warned, however, “that all of these shifts are relatively small in the aggregate, which means we aren’t necessarily too far from where we were in November, 2016.” While Trump in 2016 benefited from “a decent amount of luck” in losing the popular vote but winning the Electoral College, “it is certainly possible that it could happen again absent some larger shift in opinion.”“On paper, the election is the Democrats' to lose,” Zach Goldberg, a political scientist at Georgia State University, contended in an email. The problem for Democrats, in Goldberg’s view, is that the party and its candidatelack a coherent immigration policy or message that addresses the reasonable concerns of non-cosmopolitan voters. They’ve yet to grapple with the serious tension between supporting chain-based immigration and advocating for the enlargement of the welfare state. Moral appeals (“we’re a nation of immigrants”) will only take them so far, and often backfires.Goldberg has developed his own tolerance measure that points to a significant internal conflict among Democrats. What Goldberg found is that among whites, young liberals between the ages of 18 and 29 had the lowest levels of tolerance for racist speech, with a 1.31 score. In contrast, those with the highest tolerance scores were white liberals over the age of 50 (1.84) and young white conservatives (1.94).The 2018 Cooperative Congressional Election Study raises another question about the validity of pro-Democratic predictions based on these large-scale surveys.Alexander Agadjanian, a senior research associate in the political science department at M.I.T., pointed out that Democrats make up the largest share of those moving in a liberal direction on racial issues, while independent voters showed much smaller movement in a liberal direction.“Wow,” Agadjanian declared on Twitter, “white Democrats continue huge movement left on issues of race into 2018,” as the accompanying chart shows.These findings suggest that there are two reasons Democratic strategists should be wary of overreliance on rising levels of racial liberalism.First, most of the shift is among voters who are already loyal Democrats and therefore it does not represent major additional support for the party. Second, the shift is as much or more a response to Trump’s racism as it is a genuine shift in opinion.An article of faith among political professionals is that incumbents are helped by a strong economy. It is, however, not clear that this will apply to Trump, whose appeal in 2016 was strongest in sections of the country suffering economic distress.Another unknown is whether support for Trump’s re-election by the members of the white working class will be diminished — and turnout constrained — by any success the administration has in ameliorating their economic suffering. Put another way, insofar as anger over economic conditions motivated high turnout and approval among a key segment of Trump voters in 2016, it may be less of a motivating force in 2020.Jed Kolko, chief economist at Indeed, an online job site, produced graphics from the G.S.S. survey suggesting that unless the economy goes south, Trump’s white base will be far less discontented in 2020 than it was in 2016. Kolko found that in 2016, 31 percent of white Republicans said they did not expect their standard of living to improve; in 2018, only 8 percent were that pessimistic. Pessimism about future living standards declined only slightly for Democrats, from 24 to 21 percent.Trump’s explosive persona, the investigations underway in the House and by state and federal prosecutors, not to mention the quality of the Democratic nominee, will all play a crucial role in 2020 — along with much we cannot yet imagine.While many political analysts believe that the presidential contest favors the Democrats, Republicans have some advantages. Most important, at this point none of the Democratic presidential candidates has developed an authoritative and credible strategy to turn out loyal constituencies in large numbers while attracting persuadable but less liberal voters torn between left and right. Furthermore, the very diversity and heterogeneity of the Democratic coalition — one of its core strengths — has attracted an extraordinary range of candidates, which in and of itself breeds a diffusion of focus — what The Atlantic’s Ron Brownstein calls tough competition for “almost every group of voters imaginable.”Along those lines, Democrats have demonstrated a spectacular talent for tripping themselves up over the years, for losing when victory is in reach.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Federal Reserve officials decided in late January to pause their steady campaign to raise interest rates as the global economic outlook became less certain and financial markets failed to appreciate the Fed’s willingness to shift if the economy weakened, according to the minutes of that meeting released on Wednesday.Fed officials concluded that a pause posed “few risks” for a strong economy in which prices continued to increase at a subdued rate, the minutes show. The Fed did not see any immediate threats to America’s economic expansion, but officials indicated they were worried enough about potential risks — including slowing growth in China and Europe, trade tensions, a volatile stock market and a prolonged government shutdown — to postpone rate increases.Whether the Fed will raise rates at all in 2019 remains unclear. The minutes show a divergence among Fed officials, with “several” saying they believed it would be appropriate to raise rates again later this year “if the economy evolved as they expected.” Others were less eager to resume the increases, particularly if inflation remained below the Fed’s 2 percent target.James Bullard, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, suggested to reporters this month that the Fed had gone too far with rate increases last year. Other officials have said in recent days they expect rate increases to resume, a view the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland president, Loretta J. Mester, expressed in a speech this week.Markets found little new information in the minutes. The S&P 500, which had been negative earlier in the day, rose slightly. Treasury bond yields barely budged.The January meeting was a departure by the Fed from what had been a slow and steady march toward higher rates and less stimulative monetary policy amid a strengthening economy. After five consecutive quarters of raising rates, Fed officials left them unchanged in January, as expected. But they surprised markets in the policy statement released after the meeting, which dropped previous language that said “some further gradual increases” in interest rates would be warranted in the months to come.That shift appears to have been, in part, a corrective note to financial markets, which officials believed had turned volatile in December on the belief that Fed officials were not sufficiently worried about economic uncertainty at home and abroad — or willing to adopt more stimulative policy measures if those uncertainties turned into economic drags.The Fed’s communication after its December meeting, when officials raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point, “were reportedly perceived by market participants as not fully appreciating the tightening of financial conditions and the associated downside risks to the U.S. economic outlook that had emerged since the fall,” the minutes said.Officials worried in particular that investors did not have a clear picture of how the Fed planned to deal with the slimming of the bond portfolio it amassed in the wake of the financial crisis. In addition to lowering interest rates to near zero, the Fed tried to goose the economy by purchasing large quantities of mortgage bonds and Treasury securities, as a way to encourage investors to buy riskier assets, like stocks.The Fed has slowly been winnowing that $4 trillion portfolio by allowing up to $50 billion in bonds to mature each month, but officials appeared to agree in January that the balance sheet runoff should end this year.Officials agreed that “it would be desirable to announce before too long a plan to stop reducing the Federal Reserve’s asset holdings later this year” and said the announcement “would provide more certainty about the process for completing the normalization of the size of the Federal Reserve’s balance sheet.”The minutes also highlighted just how hard it is for the Fed, which does not traffic in plain language, to always effectively communicate its plans. At the January meeting, Fed officials noted that investors were perceiving the central bank to be “insufficiently flexible” in both its rate increase campaign and its balance sheet runoff.Fed officials tried to change those perceptions after both the December and January meetings. The Fed chairman, Jerome H. Powell, said in a news conference on Jan. 30 that officials had concluded that recent economic developments — including slowing global growth, turmoil in financial markets and uncertainty over trade negotiations — had pushed the central bank to “a patient, wait-and-see approach regarding future policy changes.”“We are now facing a somewhat contradictory picture of generally strong U.S. macroeconomic performance, alongside growing evidence of crosscurrents,” Mr. Powell said. “At such times, common sense risk management suggests patiently awaiting greater clarity.”Curt Long, the chief economist at the National Association of Federally-Insured Credit Unions, said the minutes revealing the shift to a more “patient” stance were “certainly a nod to jittery markets.”Greg McBride, the chief financial analyst for Bankrate.com, was more blunt: “It’s evident the Fed was rattled by the markets and caved,” he wrote on Wednesday.The minutes show Fed officials saw little downside to the shift. They show officials “pointed to a variety of considerations that supported a patient approach to monetary policy,” including the need for additional economic data, which would help policymakers better gauge business and consumer sentiment.The Fed also believed that being patient would allow more time to determine the effect of President Trump’s trade war with China and other countries and the economic damage from the prolonged government shutdown, which had not been resolved at the time of the January meeting.“Information arriving in coming months could also shed light on the effects of the recent partial federal government shutdown on the U.S. economy and on the results of the budget negotiations occurring in the wake of the shutdown, including the possible implications for the path of fiscal policy,” the minutes said.The pause had its desired effect with investors, as markets celebrated that news with a rally that has since continued.Other critics of the Fed’s interest rate campaign also appear to have been pleased. Mr. Trump — who has repeatedly criticized the Fed for raising interest rates — dined with Mr. Powell soon after the meeting. Many liberal economists also cheered the move to slow rate increases, saying it would help workers by continuing to buoy the labor market and potentially raise wages.PHOENIX — It’s hard to miss the dogged technological ambition pervading this sprawling desert metropolis.There’s Intel’s $7 billion, seven-nanometer chip plant going up in Chandler. In Scottsdale, Axon, the maker of the Taser, is hungrily snatching talent from Silicon Valley as it embraces automation to keep up with growing demand. Start-ups in fields as varied as autonomous drones and blockchain are flocking to the area, drawn in large part by light regulation and tax incentives. Arizona State University is furiously churning out engineers. And yet for all its success in drawing and nurturing firms on the technological frontier, Phoenix cannot escape the uncomfortable pattern taking shape across the American economy: Despite all its shiny new high-tech businesses, the vast majority of new jobs are in workaday service industries, like health care, hospitality, retail and building services, where pay is mediocre.The forecast of an America where robots do all the work while humans live off some yet-to-be-invented welfare program may be a Silicon Valley pipe dream. But automation is changing the nature of work, flushing workers without a college degree out of productive industries, like manufacturing and high-tech services, and into tasks with meager wages and no prospect for advancement.Automation is splitting the American labor force into two worlds. There is a small island of highly educated professionals making good wages at corporations like Intel or Boeing, which reap hundreds of thousands of dollars in profit per employee. That island sits in the middle of a sea of less educated workers who are stuck at businesses like hotels, restaurants and nursing homes that generate much smaller profits per employee and stay viable primarily by keeping wages low.Even economists are reassessing their belief that technological progress lifts all boats, and are beginning to worry about the new configuration of work. Recent research has concluded that robots are reducing the demand for workers and weighing down wages, which have been rising more slowly than the productivity of workers. Some economists have concluded that the use of robots explains the decline in the share of national income going into workers’ paychecks over the last three decades.Because it pushes workers to the less productive parts of the economy, automation also helps explain one of the economy’s thorniest paradoxes: Despite the spread of information technology, robots and artificial intelligence breakthroughs, overall productivity growth remains sluggish.“The view that we should not worry about any of these things and follow technology to wherever it will go is insane,” said Daron Acemoglu, an economist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.Semiconductor companies like Intel or NXP are among the most successful in the Phoenix area. From 2010 to 2017, the productivity of workers in such firms — a measure of the dollar value of their production — grew by about 2.1 percent per year, according to an analysis by Mark Muro and Jacob Whiton of the Brookings Institution. Pay is great: $2,790 a week, on average, according to government statistics.But the industry doesn’t generate that many jobs. In 2017, the semiconductor and related devices industry employed 16,600 people in the Phoenix area, about 10,000 fewer than three decades ago. “We automate the pieces that can be automated,” said Paul Hart, a senior vice president running the radio-frequency power business at NXP’s plant in Chandler. “The work force grows but we need A.I. and automation to increase the throughput.”Axon, which makes the Taser as well as body cameras used by police forces, is also automating whatever it can. Today, robots make four times as many Taser cartridges as 80 workers once did less than 10 years ago, said Bill Denzer, Axon’s vice president for manufacturing. Workers’ jobs were saved because the company brought other manufacturing work back from Mexico.The same is true across the high-tech landscape. Aircraft manufacturing employed 4,234 people in 2017, compared to 4,028 in 2010. Computer systems design services employed 11,000 people in 2017, up from 7,000 in 2010.To find the bulk of jobs in Phoenix, you have to look on the other side of the economy: where productivity is low. Building services, like janitors and gardeners, employed nearly 35,000 people in the area in 2017, and health care and social services accounted for 254,000 workers. Restaurants and other eateries employed 136,000 workers, 24,000 more than at the trough of the recession in 2010. They made less than $450 a week.The biggest single employer in town is Banner Health, which has about 50,000 workers throughout a vast network that includes hospitals, outpatient clinics and home health aides. Though it employs high-paid doctors, it relies on an army of lower paid orderlies and technicians. A nursing assistant in Phoenix makes $31,000 a year, on average. A home health aide makes $24,000. While Banner invests heavily in technology, the machines do not generally reduce demand for workers. “There are not huge opportunities to increase productivity, but technology has a significant impact on quality,” said Banner’s chief operating officer, Becky Kuhn.The 58 most productive industries in Phoenix — where productivity ranges from $210,000 to $30 million per worker, according to Mr. Muro’s and Mr. Whiton’s analysis — employed only 162,000 people in 2017, 14,000 more than in 2010. Employment in the 58 industries with the lowest productivity, where it tops out at $65,000 per worker, grew 10 times as much over the period, to 673,000.The same is true across the national economy. Jobs grow in health care, social assistance, accommodation, food services, building administration and waste services. Not only are some of the tasks tough to automate, employers have little financial incentive to replace low-wage workers with machines.On the other end of the spectrum, the employment footprint of highly productive industries, like finance, manufacturing, information services and wholesale trade, has shrunk over the last 30 years.Economists have a hard time getting their heads around this. Steeped in the belief that technology inevitably leads to better jobs and higher pay, they long resisted the notion that the Luddites of the 19th century, who famously thrashed the weaving machines that were taking their jobs, might have had a point. “In the standard economic canon, the proposition that you can increase productivity and harm labor is bunkum,” Mr. Acemoglu said.By reducing prices and improving quality, technology was expected to raise demand, which would require more jobs. What’s more, economists thought, more productive workers would have higher incomes. This would create demand for new, unheard-of things that somebody would have to make.To prove their case, economists pointed confidently to one of the greatest technological leaps of the last few hundred years, when the rural economy gave way to the industrial era.In 1900, agriculture employed 12 million Americans. By 2014, tractors, combines and other equipment had flushed 10 million people out of the sector. But as farm labor declined, the industrial economy added jobs even faster. What happened? As the new farm machines boosted food production and made produce cheaper, demand for agricultural products grew. And farmers used their higher incomes to purchase newfangled industrial goods.The new industries were highly productive and also subject to furious technological advancement. Weavers lost their jobs to automated looms; secretaries lost their jobs to Microsoft Windows. But each new spin of the technological wheel, from plastic toys to televisions to computers, yielded higher incomes for workers and more sophisticated products and services for them to buy.Something different is going on in our current technological revolution. In a new study, David Autor of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Anna Salomons of Utrecht University found that over the last 40 years, jobs have fallen in every single industry that introduced technologies to enhance productivity. The only reason employment didn’t fall across the entire economy is that other industries, with less productivity growth, picked up the slack. “The challenge is not the quantity of jobs,” they wrote. “The challenge is the quality of jobs available to low- and medium-skill workers.”Adair Turner, a senior fellow at the Institute for New Economic Thinking in London, argues that the economy today resembles what would have happened if farmers had spent their extra income from the use of tractors and combines on domestic servants. Productivity in domestic work doesn’t grow quickly. As more and more workers were bumped out of agriculture into servitude, productivity growth across the economy would have stagnated.“Until a few years ago, I didn’t think this was a very complicated subject; The Luddites were wrong and the believers in technology and technological progress were right,” Lawrence Summers, a former Treasury secretary and presidential economic adviser, said in a lecture at the National Bureau of Economic Research five years ago. “I’m not so completely certain now.”The growing awareness of robots’ impact on the working class raises anew a very old question: Could automation go too far? Mr. Acemoglu and Pascual Restrepo of Boston University argue that businesses are not even reaping large rewards for the money they are spending to replace their workers with machines.But the cost of automation to workers and society could be substantial. “It may well be that,” Mr. Summers said, “some categories of labor will not be able to earn a subsistence income.” And this could exacerbate social ills, from workers dropping out of jobs and getting hooked on painkillers, to mass incarceration and families falling apart.Silicon Valley’s dream of an economy without workers may be implausible. But an economy where most people toil exclusively in the lowliest of jobs might be little better.When President Trump signed a large package of tax cuts into law in 2017, the Internal Revenue Service moved to make sure the savings showed up quickly in paychecks. Doing so probably lifted consumer spending last year, but it may have hurt Republicans politically, new polling suggests.Administration officials, it appears, underestimated Americans’ love of tax refunds.Nearly four in five people say they would rather overpay their federal income taxes and get a refund every spring — effectively making an interest-free loan to the government — than underpay and owe money come tax season, according to a poll for The New York Times by the online research firm SurveyMonkey. That preference appears to be influencing how Americans view Mr. Trump’s signature cuts: Among people who have already filed their tax returns, those who said they received a bigger refund  this year are far more likely than others to approve of the law. But many people are reporting that their tax refunds are smaller this tax season, or that they owe money. In addition to being more likely than other Americans to say they oppose the law, those people feel worse about the economy over all. They are also significantly more likely to disapprove of Mr. Trump’s performance in office.The findings suggest that the administration’s decisions on withholding may have hurt the law politically.“I was hopeful that the rhetoric for once was going to match expectations and it did not,” said Tony Mendes, a 61-year-old federal employee in Denver. “I got back less than I would have anticipated.”Bigger paychecks for most — but smaller refunds for someIndependent analyses consistently show that the 2017 law gave most Americans a tax cut, and few families will end up paying more than under the previous rules.Federal officials faced a choice about how to pass those savings on to taxpayers. One option would have been to make most people wait until they filed tax returns this spring, delivering a tax-season windfall but essentially delaying the cut by a year. Instead, the I.R.S. chose to begin withholding less from workers’ paychecks early last year. That put more money in workers’ pockets right away, but made the effects of the tax cut harder to see, since the savings amounted to just a few dollars per pay period for many people.The new law made numerous changes to the tax code — eliminating and capping some deductions and credits while increasing others — and the revised withholding rules did not account for every situation. As a result, government auditors warned last year that the withholding changes would reduce refunds for several million Americans.Treasury officials acknowledged on Friday that some people had struggled to navigate the new withholding setup, leading them to underpay their taxes. The department will not charge a penalty to those who paid at least 80 percent of their total tax liability during the year, the officials said. Previously, the penalty threshold was 85 percent.As of last week, I.R.S. statistics showed that the average refund had not changed for those who had filed. But total filings were down, and the share of returns producing a refund had declined by 0.5 percentage points, or about 300,000 filers. (Experts caution against reading too much into tax statistics before the April filing deadline.)“You can see people potentially being frustrated if the tax season isn’t playing out the way they expected,” said Michelle Meyer, chief United States economist for Bank of America Merrill Lynch. “Other people might be quite pleased. It is quite split how people are being impacted by the tax cut.”Democrats have accused the Trump administration of political gamesmanship.“The Treasury Department under-withheld taxes from millions of families’ paychecks to make the benefits of the tax law appear greater before the 2018 election, and the bill is now coming due,” Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrat on the Finance Committee, said in an emailed statement. “Families who depend on annual tax refunds to pay down debt, cover medical expenses and afford car repairs are discovering their refunds are smaller or they owe money.”Smaller refunds could be hurting supportAmong people who have already filed tax returns, 32 percent said their refunds had shrunk from a year ago, compared with 22 percent who said their refunds had grown, according to the Times survey. Another 11 percent said they owed money this year.Tax refunds reflect the difference between what taxpayers had withheld during the year and what they actually owed. They reveal next to nothing about whether a given household got a tax cut under the 2017 law.Still, it is not always easy for taxpayers to figure out how they are affected by policy changes, and many people may draw conclusions based on the size of their refunds.Among survey respondents who said their refunds were smaller or that they owed money, just 35 percent believed they had gotten a tax cut as a result of the law. Among those whose refunds grew or stayed the same, on the other hand, 49 percent said they had gotten a tax cut.Cause and effect is not always straightforward in public opinion surveys. It is possible that people who already approved of Mr. Trump and his policies are more likely to believe their refunds had grown, or are at least more likely to report that to pollsters. Surveys in recent years have revealed growing partisan splits on views of the economy and other issues.Laura Wronski, a researcher for SurveyMonkey, noted that Republicans were more likely to say their refunds had gotten bigger. “It’s just unlikely that it aligns that perfectly along partisan lines,” she said. “It’s more likely that people are going to stick to the side they’re on.”Still, partisanship is not the whole story. Even among Republicans, those who said their refunds had shrunk were significantly less likely to believe they had received a tax cut.Will this year’s spending be affected?By adjusting workers’ paychecks right away, the I.R.S. may have helped pump up economic growth last year. People are more likely to spend small, incremental increases to their paychecks, economists said, whereas they often try to save larger  lump sums. Consumer spending surged in the middle of last year, helping the economy to one of its best years of the past decade.The uncertainty over tax refunds could now be dragging spending down. Low-income consumers, in particular, often rely on tax refunds to finance major purchases. Data from Bank of America showed a dip in spending among low-income households in February, which could reflect a delay in tax refunds.“If you’re used to getting a nice refund and then you discover you owe, that’s a big shock,” Ms. Meyer said.Low earners are not the only ones affected. Alan Abraham, who works in medical research in Pittsburgh, said he used his tax refund every year to buy season tickets to the Penguins. This year his refund was much smaller, and he has not decided whether to renew.Mr. Abraham said he paid more under the new tax law because of its cap on the deduction for state and local taxes, which hit him particularly hard because he owns two homes. A political independent who supports a flat tax, Mr. Abraham said he mistrusted politicians of both parties and did not vote in 2016. But he said the tax law had made him less likely to support Mr. Trump, whom he did not vote for in 2016, next year.“At the beginning I was, like, ‘Well, let’s see how he does,’” Mr. Abraham said. “Based on the fact that my tax bill has gone up, I actually wouldn’t vote for him.” The tax law has gotten more popularDespite the skepticism of people like Mr. Abraham, the tax law has gained support in recent months. Half of the survey’s respondents said they approved of the law, up from 45 percent in September and the highest share since February 2018. (The Times has not asked about the tax law every month.)There are signs that as more people file returns, they are discovering that they benefited from the law. Among those who had filed before completing the survey, 43 percent said they definitely or probably received a tax cut, compared with 35 percent of those who had not yet filed. “It seems like people are realizing as they’re going through the process of doing their taxes that, ‘Oh, things did improve for me, and I wasn’t expecting that,’” Ms. Wronski, the SurveyMonkey researcher, said.About the survey: The data in this article came from an online survey of 10,046 adults conducted by the polling firm SurveyMonkey from March 4 to March 10. The company selected respondents at random from the nearly three million people who take surveys on its platform each day. Responses were weighted to match the demographic profile of the population of the United States. The survey has a modeled error estimate (similar to a margin of error in a standard telephone poll) of plus or minus 1.5 percentage points, so differences of less than that amount are statistically insignificant.WASHINGTON — As President Trump dangles the possibility of extending a March deadline to reach a trade deal with China, his advisers are trying to secure firm commitments from Beijing to purchase more American products, prevent currency manipulation and end its practice of forcing American companies to hand over valuable technology.Negotiators from both countries, who are meeting in Washington over the next two days, are expected to trade memos and haggle over phrasing as they try to make progress toward a deal. But American officials are increasingly focused on ensuring that China, which has often reneged on promises to past administrations, actually adheres to any agreement.Whether a substantive deal can be reached in the coming days remains unclear. So far, the Chinese have largely reiterated promises to allow foreign car companies and banks freer access to the Chinese market and to increase purchases of American goods, including soybeans and semiconductors.In recent meetings, the Chinese made only vague commitments on structural issues, including protecting intellectual property and paring back heavy subsidies to state-owned enterprises, said William Reinsch, a former United States trade official and now a senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.“The Chinese have not yet put forward anything close to what we’re asking on the so-called structural issues,” Mr. Reinsch said. “There are differences of opinion on whether they will.”Complicating matters is Mr. Trump, who in recent days has appeared to undercut his advisers by saying that talks might outlast a March deadline that the president himself set in an effort to pressure China to cut a deal.“I can’t tell you exactly the timing,” Mr. Trump said on Tuesday, adding that the deadline he had set of midnight on March 1 “is not a magical date. A lot of things can happen.”On Thursday morning, Robert Lighthizer, the United States trade representative, flanked by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and the economic advisers Larry Kudlow and Peter Navarro, met with Liu He, China’s vice premier, and a team of Chinese advisers in the executive office building next to the White House. The meeting kicked off two days of top-level talks in which Mr. Lighthizer, a longtime China critic, hopes to secure promises from Beijing to make lasting structural changes to its economy.Mr. Trump plans to meet with Mr. Liu, the top trade adviser to President Xi Jinping of China, in the Oval Office on Friday afternoon. It will be the second such meeting between the two men in a matter of weeks.Much of the recent discussion has centered on deadlines and enforcement mechanisms to ensure that China keeps any promises for economic reforms. Mr. Lighthizer, Mr. Navarro and other trade advisers have often called out China for promising changes to American officials in the past, but then failing to follow through. The administration is considering a process that would allow tariffs to kick back in if the Chinese are found to have reneged on a commitment.In recent weeks, Mr. Trump has signaled that he is growing tired of the grinding pace of the negotiations, the infighting among his economic advisers and the increasing calls from rich Republican donors to wind down the trade dispute with China, according to a person familiar with the negotiations. Despite his desire to cut a deal quickly, increasing criticism from Democrats about being soft on China has pushed Mr. Trump to consider extending the talks in hopes of getting more concessions.The tone of the negotiations between the two nations has grown more stern, this person said. In recent meetings, Chinese officials have pushed back more aggressively against the administration’s accusations that China has engaged in a pattern of illegally obtaining American technology and information and that it has failed to make any changes the United States has called for.American officials have come to realize that China has been repackaging promised reforms and trying to sell them as concessions to Mr. Trump. This has caused deep frustration among the administration’s China hard-liners, including Mr. Navarro and Mr. Lighthizer, who have been skeptical that China will actually agree to new, substantive commitments.In the run-up to this week’s meeting, both sides have tried to begin formalizing the framework of an agreement around six memorandums of understanding. However, a detailed draft text of an agreement has not yet been written.“The Chinese are playing for an extension,” said Michael Pillsbury, a Hudson Institute scholar who advises the Trump administration and speaks regularly with Chinese officials. “That’s one of their top goals right now.”Mr. Pillsbury said that despite Mr. Trump’s hints about extending the deadline, they are expecting he will follow through on his “tariff man” instincts and raise levies on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods on March 2. He said he believes that China has prepared a package of structural concessions to offer the United States after those tariffs are increased in an effort to get all the tariffs rolled back.The administration has been searching for concrete, commercially based criteria for performance outcomes — not just superficial legal changes that leave no impact on the ground. For example, even though China has changed laws to allow foreign companies greater access to its markets, a variety of regulatory barriers and licensing requirements continue to prevent foreign companies from operating freely, said Scott Kennedy, a China scholar at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.“Even if they could agree to some sort of standards on structural reforms, having them come to agreement on what enforcement would look like, that’s even further of a stretch,” Mr. Kennedy said of the talks.Both countries have also floated measures that could undermine years of efforts aimed at making China’s economy more market oriented. The offers include large state-directed purchases of technological goods, natural gas and soybeans, as well as closer management of China’s currency. Those measures would violate Chinese promises to the World Trade Organization and the International Monetary Fund.But that may matter little to Mr. Trump, who has been largely focused on narrowing the trade gap between the two countries by getting China to buy more American products. The United States’ trade deficit with China is likely to increase in 2019, said Derek Scissors, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute, increasing pressure on Mr. Trump to reach a deal that involves more American products flowing East.“It’s coming from, how do we close the bilateral goods deficit really fast,” Mr. Scissors said. “We need large, quick purchases from the Chinese so the president isn’t ripped to pieces for violating the metric he ran on in 2016.”China’s recent offers have included buying $200 billion of American semiconductors over the next six years, in addition to purchases of soybeans and natural gas. The eye-popping figure would help to reduce the $382 billion trade deficit in goods that the United States ran up with China last year, a metric that Mr. Trump often sees as evidence of a failed economic relationship.In return for buying more American products, the Chinese have asked Mr. Trump not to follow through on his threat to increase tariffs to 25 percent from 10 percent — and to hopefully remove the tariffs entirely. They have also pushed the United States to remove restrictions on exports of high-tech products to China as well as constraints on Chinese investments in the United States.Many analysts caution that China’s offer to buy large quantities of semiconductors is largely unrealistic, and would encourage the Chinese state to interfere in its economy to accomplish political goals, a practice past American administrations have tried to discourage.And it would also deliver further economic benefit to China in the long run. In order to increase the dollar value of shipments to China, the Chinese proposal would have American semiconductor companies move finishing and testing facilities from third countries like Vietnam and Malaysia into China, inflating the value of shipments directly from the United States to China while bolstering Chinese industry.John Neuffer, the president and chief executive of the Semiconductor Industry Association, said the offer raised numerous questions and threatened to sidetrack negotiations away from more important discussions surrounding China’s infringement on intellectual property and state subsidies.“The numbers simply don’t add up,” Mr. Neuffer said, “and we are concerned the offer would do little more than rearrange U.S. supply chains and artificially drive them deeper into China.”Mr. Trump’s advisers have also pressed China to refrain from further devaluing its currency to lift its economy as American tariffs bite. A drop in the value of the Chinese currency in the past year has already neutralized much of the economic effect of the 10 percent tariffs that Mr. Trump placed on roughly $200 billion of Chinese exports to the United States, said Eswar Prasad, a professor of international trade at Cornell University.Yet requiring China to manage its currency and keep it above a certain level would be a striking shift from the policy of past administrations, which have tried to encourage China to let the value of its currency rise and fall with market forces.“It’s a very odd way to approach this,” Mr. Prasad said, “to tell China, after having told them for all these years, ‘Let your currency be determined by market forces,’ to say, ‘Let your currency be determined by market forces only if it is appreciating.’”The final terms of the deal are likely to be worked out in a meeting or phone call between Mr. Xi and Mr. Trump himself. If so, Mr. Lighthizer’s job this week will be to narrow the suite of disagreements down to just a handful of remaining issues for the president to negotiate.A blockbuster jobs report and reassuring comments from the Federal Reserve chairman reminded investors Friday to relish, at least for now, the economy’s undeniable strengths.Markets reacted buoyantly, after lurching for weeks over a faltering outlook at home and signs of a global slowdown.The Labor Department report showed one of the strongest months of job gains in the last decade, with employers adding 312,000 to payrolls in December. Wages, which had been lagging until recently, showed impressive gains.Jerome H. Powell, the Fed chief, cheered the report, while offering assurances that policymakers would not move quickly to raise interest rates. Investors had been concerned that additional rate increases would weigh on growth. “2018, by so many measures, was a good year for the United States economy,” he said at an economic conference in Atlanta.He also sought to ease concerns about the stability of the central bank. When asked whether he would resign if President Trump asked him to, Mr. Powell simply said, “No.”Wall Street’s enthusiastic response to the jobs numbers was magnified by Mr. Powell’s comments. The S&P 500 index closed up more than 3 percent.“It’s an unequivocally phenomenal report all the way around,” said Ellen Zentner, chief United States economist at Morgan Stanley. “Anyone that finds something negative in this report is simply cherry picking.”Economists offered raves that could appear on a movie poster or a book jacket — “Extraordinary!” “Blowout,” “Wow!” The figures, they said, offer a resounding response to the question of whether a recession is imminent: “Never mind!” said David Berson, chief economist of Nationwide. “The fears of the economy tipping into a recession now have clearly been overstated.”Mr. Trump welcomed the stellar showing in televised remarks delivered in the White House Rose Garden. “312,000 jobs was a tremendous number and obviously having a big impact on the stock market today,” he said, adding that the pickup in wage growth was “beautiful to watch.”But the latest report comes in the context of flashing yellow lights elsewhere, which Mr. Powell acknowledged on Friday. There is an unresolved trade war with China, a nation already contending with an economic downturn that could dampen global demand. In the United States, there is a slump in the housing sector, with hints that the auto industry could be next.This week, Apple cut its revenue forecast for the first time in 16 years, citing flagging iPhone sales in China. Kevin Hassett, the chairman of the White House Council of Economic Advisers, said on CNN that Apple would not be the only victim of tensions with Beijing.“There are a heck of a lot of U.S. companies that have a lot of sales in China that are basically going to be watching their earnings be downgraded next year until we get a deal with China,” Mr. Hassett said.And on Thursday, the Institute for Supply Management released a survey showing the biggest drop in manufacturing activity since 2008. Many manufacturers blamed rising costs related to tariffs. (The index reading of 54.1 still showed an economy in expansion.) Measures of consumer confidence have also weakened recently.The stock market has been in the midst of its worst decline since the financial crisis.“We’re listening sensitively to the messages markets are sending,” Mr. Powell said Friday. But investors, he said, “are way ahead of the data.”Indeed, economists insist that there is more to celebrate than to fret over. In recent months, the unemployment rate has been hovering near a 50-year nadir. (The jobless rate rose last month, to 3.9 percent, but largely because new workers barreled into the labor force, suggesting that companies are luring stragglers back.) Job openings have hit record highs, and a growing number of workers are quitting, indicating confidence in their ability to find jobs.Wages, which for months only inched up, have begun to pick up more quickly. December’s year-over-year increase hit 3.2 percent, tying October for the biggest surge since 2009. The recovery has gone on for so long that it has finally begun to benefit the lowest-paid workers, who have seen the biggest pay gains.The competition for employees has become excruciating for people like Michael Haith, the chief executive of Teriyaki Madness, a fast-casual Japanese food chain. The restaurant needs to staff 50 new locations next year, which means hiring up to 1,000 workers. That’s not an easy feat in “a brutal market” for employers, Mr. Haith said.He vies for workers with big brands like Burger King. Rival businesses have sent recruiters into Teriyaki Madness stores to poach his employees with offers of higher salaries. In Colorado, where the chain is based, he’s also fending off marijuana farmers, who pay trimmers up to $17 an hour.“Good employees can pretty much go wherever they want,” Mr. Haith said. “It’s really an arms race.” His shops have increased wages by $1 or $2 an hour in the last year, just to keep up. He’s not alone. Food-service workers nationwide got particularly big pay bumps last year, according to the latest federal data.Moves like that are part of what made 2018 “a banner year for the labor market,” said Julia Pollak, a labor economist at the employment site ZipRecruiter. And the 99-month streak of job gains could get even longer. There are still Americans who do not have jobs or are not clocking as many hours as they would like. The share of people who have part-time positions but would prefer to work full time is higher today than it was in 2007.And a far smaller share of the American population is working today than before the recession. That decline is partly because of the aging of the baby boom generation. But even among people in their prime working years, employment is down from before the recession, and far below its peak at the height of the dot-com boom.“We are not yet at maximum employment,” Ms. Pollak said.Over all, employers added more jobs in 2018 than they did in 2017, at a monthly average of 220,000. But last year was unique, because Congress passed a big corporate tax cut that essentially bathed a sizzling economy in lighter fluid.“People got used to these eye-popping job-growth numbers,” said Martha Gimbel, director of research for the job-search site Indeed. Even if hiring slows in the coming months, she said, “it doesn’t mean that anything’s wrong, it just means we are heading back to normal.”But investors have to weigh that interpretation — that the economy is peacefully drifting toward less exciting times — against the possibility that it is reeling toward calamity. It hasn’t helped their mood (or Mr. Trump’s) that the Fed decided to raise its target lending rate four times in 2018.And even Friday’s stellar jobs numbers come with caveats. Each month’s figures are revised twice, and provide snapshots of the past, not the future. December’s report does not account for workers furloughed during the government shutdown, which began after last month’s surveys were conducted.Wall Street, of course, has the potential to create the bad news it seems to be anticipating. Concern over withering retirement funds could prompt Americans to tamp down on spending. And business owners might start to pull back on investments. That unholy feedback loop can begin to chip away at economic growth.“When market sentiment has gotten this negative, investors aren’t going to take one single data point and say: ‘Oh, we were wrong! Things are just fine,’” Ms. Zentner said. She added that people might hesitate to put their full faith in the forecasts of economists. “Look how right we were leading up to the financial crisis.”WASHINGTON — President Trump said the United States and China were moving closer toward a trade agreement and suggested that the fate of Huawei, the Chinese telecom giant facing criminal charges along with its chief financial officer, could be resolved as part of a final trade deal with Beijing.Ringed by his top advisers and a visiting Chinese delegation on Friday in the Oval Office, Mr. Trump said talks would continue through the weekend and that there was a “very, very good chance” of a deal with China being reached. He said he expected to meet personally with President Xi Jinping of China to “work out the final points,” most likely in March at Mar-a-Lago, the president’s resort in Palm Beach, Fla.The talks have been aimed at resolving the Trump administration’s concerns about China’s trade barriers and its treatment of American companies, including forcing firms to hand over valuable technology as a condition of doing business there. But Mr. Trump again indicated that he might intertwine a national security case with the trade talks, despite concerns from his own law enforcement and intelligence officials about doing so.Asked by a reporter if criminal charges against Huawei — which has been accused by the Justice Department of stealing trade secrets — could be dropped as part of the trade pact, the president said: “We’ll be talking to the U.S. attorneys and the attorney general. We’ll be making that decision.”In January, the United States unveiled sweeping charges against Huawei and its chief financial officer, Meng Wanzhou, outlining a decade-long attempt by the company to steal trade secrets, obstruct a criminal investigation and evade economic sanctions on Iran. After Ms. Meng was arrested last year in Canada at the behest of American law enforcement, Mr. Trump told Reuters that he “would certainly intervene” in her case “if I thought it was necessary” for a trade deal.Offering a reprieve to Huawei would come at an awkward time for the administration, which has been engaged in a global push to persuade other countries to ban the company’s equipment from the next generation of wireless networks, saying it is a security threat.The Trump administration has been preparing an executive order for Mr. Trump to sign that would prevent American companies from using equipment manufactured by Chinese companies, including Huawei. But on Friday, Mr. Trump appeared to be wavering on whether to follow through with that effort, which has been criticized by the Chinese government.“We may or may not put that in the trade agreement,” the president said, quickly adding, “But we would only do that in conjunction with the attorney general of the United States.”“I don’t want to block out anybody if we can help it,” he said.Administration officials provided varying degrees of optimism about the chances of actually reaching a trade deal with China. Mr. Trump said American and Chinese negotiators had reached several areas of agreement in a series of meetings this week in Washington, and he indicated that would most likely forestall a planned increase in tariffs the United States levied on China last year. The two countries have been racing toward a March 1 deadline, when Mr. Trump had threatened to increase tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese imports to 25 percent from 10 percent.“We have a one time shot at making a great deal for both countries,” Mr. Trump said, adding, “I would say that it’s more likely that a deal will happen.”Mr. Trump’s advisers were more cautious, with Robert Lighthizer, Mr. Trump’s top trade negotiator, warning that the United States and China still have “very big hurdles” to overcome. Wilbur Ross, the commerce secretary, said it was “a little early for champagne.”While significant obstacles persist, the two sides agreed to extend negotiations by 48 hours, and American officials said both had reached what Mr. Trump termed a “final agreement” to stabilize China’s currency, though the specifics of the agreement were not immediately clear.The United States has been concerned that China could mitigate the effect of tariffs by weakening its currency, which would make Chinese products cheaper to purchase. Some international finance experts found the idea of such an agreement ironic, as the United States for years urged China to allow its currency to float more freely.Tony Sayegh, a Treasury Department spokesman, did not respond to a request for comment on details of the currency deal.The Chinese delegation also presented Mr. Trump with a letter from Mr. Xi, as it did last month, which called on both sides to continue their efforts to reach a deal that benefits both countries. Liu He, who has been appointed Mr. Xi’s special envoy and is leading negotiations, concurred that he believed a deal was likely.Mr. Trump, who has focused for years on how unfair competition from China has hollowed out American manufacturing, has set the bar for his signature trade deal extremely high. His advisers have pressured China to reduce the subsidies that are powering its high-tech industries and to loosen the state’s grip on its economy — moves that would run counter to Mr. Xi’s desire to strengthen China and his control of it.Despite Mr. Trump’s optimism, China does not appear poised to offer the kind of commitments that would ensure the economic transformation his administration has sought, people with knowledge of the talks said. Instead, China has wooed American officials with eye-catching purchases of American products and vague commitments on opening its economy that critics say may never come to fruition.“This is really the last, best chance,” said Michael R. Wessel, a member of the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission.“The real question is whether the president wants a deal that requires real change in China or just a series of press talking points and some high-profile sales that add up to little in the long term,” he added.Significant gaps remain between the United States and China on structural issues, such as forced technology transfer, digital trade and data flows, said Myron Brilliant, an executive vice president and the head of international affairs at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.“If this agreement comes together, it needs to be sustainable, it needs to have strong enforcement mechanisms,” he said. “We want to go back to business, but not business as usual.”That the two sides were even putting pen to paper was a sign of progress for an increasingly rocky relationship between the world’s two largest economies. In meetings on Thursday and Friday, negotiators drafted a handful of memorandums of understanding, or M.O.U.s, covering protections for intellectual property, expanded access for foreign companies in China, Chinese purchases of American goods and other issues.However, a person briefed on the negotiations said that the memorandums had been written by the American side and that China had not yet formally agreed to anything in writing.The one thing that was settled on Friday was that a final agreement would not be referred to as an M.O.U.“I don’t like M.O.U.s because to me they don’t mean anything,” Mr. Trump said during the Oval Office meeting.In a remarkable exchange, Mr. Lighthizer tried to explain to the president that the memorandums would actually be binding contracts that both countries would have to honor.Unconvinced, Mr. Trump corrected Mr. Lighthizer, one of the administration’s most ardent hard-liners, in front of senior American and Chinese officials, saying that he wants a robust trade agreement.“I disagree,” he said. “I think that a memorandum of understanding is not a contract to the extent that we want.”Mr. Lighthizer agreed that the term M.O.U. would not be used again.WASHINGTON — A pair of influential Federal Reserve officials said Wednesday that the central bank should pause to assess economic conditions before considering additional interest rate increases, reinforcing the message delivered last week by the Fed chairman, Jerome H. Powell.The Fed on Wednesday also published an account of its most recent meeting, in December, which showed that most Fed officials had already reached a similar conclusion at that time.Taken together, the speeches and the meeting minutes signal that the Fed will not raise its benchmark interest rate at its January meeting and that it is unlikely to do so at the following meeting, in mid-March.But most Fed officials still expect that economic growth will be strong enough to justify rate increases later in the year.Eric Rosengren, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston, told a Boston audience that the Fed was puzzling through the recent divergence between strong economic data and faltering financial markets.“At this juncture, with two very different scenarios — economic slowdown implied by financial markets; or growth somewhat above potential G.D.P. growth, consistent with economic forecasts — I believe we can wait for greater clarity before adjusting policy,” he said.Charles Evans, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, delivered a similar message in a speech Wednesday in Riverwoods, Ill. “I feel we have good capacity to wait and carefully take stock of the incoming data and other developments,” he said.The remarks were significant because both men spoke in favor of the Fed’s rate increases last year, and both hold rotating votes on the Fed’s policy committee.James Bullard, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, who opposed the rate increases last year, told The Wall Street Journal on Tuesday that he, too, favored a pause.The Fed is “bordering on going too far and possibly tipping the economy into recession,” Mr. Bullard said. He added that other Fed officials were coming around to his position that the Fed should pause.The Fed at its December meeting raised its benchmark rate into a range between 2.25 and 2.5 percent. It was the fifth consecutive quarterly increase. Mr. Powell said the rate now stood near the lower end of the range that the Fed regards as neutral territory — neither encouraging nor discouraging borrowing and economic growth.At a news conference after the December meeting, Mr. Powell emphasized that economic growth remained strong, and that the Fed expected to continue raising rates in 2019. Investors registered their disapproval by driving down asset prices, exacerbating a market slump.Since then, Mr. Powell and other Fed officials have sought to deliver a more nuanced message, emphasizing that they are paying attention to investors’ concerns, and that the absence of inflationary pressure means the Fed can afford to postpone judgment.The account of the December meeting reinforced that message.The Fed, according to the minutes, said that “participants expressed that recent developments, including the volatility in financial markets and the increased concerns about global growth, made the appropriate extent and timing of future policy firming less clear than earlier.”The Fed’s own economic outlook remains upbeat. The minutes described economic data in the final months of 2018 as even stronger than the Fed had expected. Mr. Rosengren said consumers remained “willing to spend,” and he expected unemployment would continue to fall.Mr. Evans said he was still forecasting “another good year in 2019.”But uncertainties have piled up in recent months. The minutes said investors were particularly concerned about trade tensions between the United States and China, and about global growth.The minutes did not mention that investors also fear that the Fed will make a mistake by raising interest rates too quickly, snuffing out the economic expansion.The recent downturn in financial markets is both a symptom of these worries and a potential problem in its own right. Declines in invested wealth, or reductions in lending, can infect the broader economy.The message from Fed officials is that the Fed will wait to see who is correct.“If the pessimism evident in financial markets eventually shows through to economic outcomes, there would be less need (and perhaps no need) for further increases in interest rates,” Mr. Rosengren said. “However, my current expectation is that the more optimistic view will prevail.”To reinforce that policy decisions will depend on the latest economic data, the minutes said that the officials discussed changes in the Fed’s communications. Since the 2008 crisis, the Fed has leaned heavily on “forward guidance” to manage market expectations about its plans. In recent months, it has sought to reduce that guidance, encouraging investors to focus instead on the latest economic data.At the December meeting, Fed officials also continued to discuss the Fed’s gradual reduction of its holdings of Treasuries and mortgage bonds, which were acquired during and after the financial crisis as part of the central bank’s campaign to stimulate economic growth.The Fed, which is reducing the holdings at a regular pace, has said that it does not want to adjust that pace in response to changes in economic conditions, preferring to adjust interest rates instead. But the minutes said that Fed officials discussed the possibility of adjusting the pace for technical reasons, as part of the process of determining how large a portfolio the Fed should maintain in the longer term.WASHINGTON — President Trump lauded his new trade agreement with Canada and Mexico in his State of the Union address on Tuesday and urged Congress to pass the revised pact. The deal, he argued, will help American farmers and workers and ensure “that more cars are proudly stamped with the four beautiful words: Made in the U.S.A.”But the pact, which replaces the North American Free Trade Agreement, is currently imperiled in Congress, and both Democrats and Republicans say it has little chance of passing without significant changes. Democrats say the deal does not go far enough to protect workers and the environment, while Republicans say it goes too far in restricting trade, particularly in the auto sector.The stalemate has some business leaders increasingly worried that the administration lacks a winning strategy to move the revised deal through a divided Congress, in a year when a prolonged government shutdown has further eroded what little inclination Democrats and Republicans had to work together on large pieces of legislation.“Partisan rancor has made it more difficult to see any kind of major legislation move forward, including on trade,” said John Murphy, senior vice president for international policy at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.Senator Patrick J. Toomey, Republican of Pennsylvania, said late last week that he was “doubtful” that the deal, also known as the U.S.M.C.A., would pass Congress given the concerns from both sides of the aisle.“It’s hard for me to see how it’s a priority for Nancy Pelosi to give Donald Trump what would be his biggest economic policy victory, certainly since tax reform,” Mr. Toomey, one of Mr. Trump’s most vocal critics on trade, said in an interview.Privately, some congressional Democrats remain hopeful that the agreement can pass, particularly if negotiations with the administration continue to fly under the radar. Mr. Trump must still submit the agreement — along with legislation laying out how it would be put in place — to Congress.And administration officials continue to insist that the deal will ultimately get approved. “We are confident that Congress will approve U.S.M.C.A.,” a spokesman for the United States trade representative said in an email. “It was negotiated in close consultation with Democrats and Republicans, and enjoys overwhelming support from the business community and farm groups.”But big hurdles remain to achieving bipartisan consensus that would allow the pact to move through Congress. Mr. Toomey said he could not support the deal without “significant” changes in the implementing legislation. The new agreement inhibits free trade, he said, citing new wage requirements on automobile manufacturing as a particular concern.And many Republicans, including Mr. Toomey and Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, the chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, say they want the White House to remove steel and aluminum tariffs on Canada and Mexico because Mr. Trump had reached a deal with the two countries.Mr. Trump has so far refused to budge on the metal tariffs and has instead threatened to withdraw from Nafta to try to force Congress to vote on the new trade deal. A formal notice of withdrawal would give Congress six months to pass the pact or potentially return to a pre-Nafta trading system with higher tariffs and more restrictive trade barriers.Republicans are warning that such a move most likely falls outside Mr. Trump’s authority and would only reduce the chances of Congress passing the U.S.M.C.A.“I imagine you’d have a huge sell-off in equities and have very, very disrupted financial markets,” Mr. Toomey said. “I sure hope the president does not go down that road.”Republican strategists say that unless Mr. Trump agrees to compromise, he will most likely face defeat.“The president has two options on this trade deal: the honey or the hammer,” said Antonia Ferrier, a Republican strategist with Definers Public Affairs and a former aide to the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky. Mr. Trump, she said, could bargain with Ms. Pelosi or withdraw from Nafta. “Neither are great options,” she said, “which is why there’s so much skepticism that U.S.M.C.A. will even happen.”Democrats — including populists who tend to side more with Mr. Trump than Mr. Toomey on trade issues — say they are open to working with the administration to improve and pass the agreement. Party leaders have had productive discussions with Robert Lighthizer, the United States trade representative, to reinforce the need for negotiators to secure additional labor and environmental protections before any floor vote.“I’ve talked to Lighthizer. I’ve told him, unless there’s strong enforcement, Nafta’s not going to pass the Senate,” said Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader. “He’s aware of that and says there are things they can do.”The Trump administration spent more than a year negotiating with Canada and Mexico to try to salvage Nafta, a 25-year-old pact that has become critical to the North American economy, particularly the automobile and agriculture sectors. The agreement expanded the flow of goods and capital between the three countries, and prompted multinational corporations to stretch their supply chains up and down the continent.While Mr. Trump had long threatened to rip up Nafta, the business community and many Republican lawmakers pushed to keep it intact, insisting that doing away with the pact would ultimately hurt the United States economy. The new deal, which was agreed to in September, primarily updates Nafta but contains some new provisions, including requiring higher wages at automakers and greater ability to sell dairy products in Canada.Mr. Toomey said he remained deeply concerned that the administration had not rolled back the steel and aluminum tariffs that it had imposed on Canada and Mexico after the trilateral trade agreement was reached last year.He is working on bipartisan legislation that would curtail Mr. Trump’s ability to impose tariffs on the basis of national security — which the president used to justify the steel and aluminum tariffs — without congressional approval. The president would almost certainly veto such a measure.It was a potentially sweeping proposal from a Texas regulator: Companies that use a “digital network” to dispatch workers the way Uber does could label them contractors rather than employees.The proposal, made in December, was a turning point in a campaign that has played out in legislatures and courts in numerous states, and even in Washington, as Uber and other gig-economy companies have risen to prominence in recent years.Lobbyists involved in this state-by-state effort have worked behind the scenes to provide rule makers with a template. Hanging in the balance could be billions of dollars in costs, and even fundamental business models, as more gig companies move toward public stock offerings.When such companies are able to classify workers as contractors, they don’t have to contribute to unemployment insurance or workers’ compensation, or heed minimum-wage and overtime laws. Industry officials estimate that a work force of employees costs companies 20 to 30 percent more than a work force of contractors — a sum worth many hundreds of millions of dollars per year to Uber.Worker advocacy groups say the goal is to chip away at classification rules in enough places to create pressure for a broad exemption nationally.What is notable about the Texas initiative, which would apply only to unemployment insurance, is that it emerged not from a democratically elected body but from an opaque bureaucracy. There were no hearings where outsiders were questioned, no meaningful floor debates — just a few perfunctory statements at public meetings and a 30-day comment period before the agency could issue a final proposal.“This whole thing caught us by surprise,” said Jose Garza, executive director of the Workers Defense Project, a nonprofit group in Texas that helps workers fight wage theft and misclassification.For weeks, the impetus for the rule was unclear. A spokeswoman for the agency, the Texas Workforce Commission, publicly denied that it relied on “outside sources” when drafting proposals.But that narrative abruptly changed in early March when Mr. Garza’s group obtained a set of emails from the commission through a public records request. The documents, which The Texas Observer has also reported on, suggest an ambitious new phase of the campaign by gig-economy companies to solve their worker-classification problem.Emails involving one commissioner and her staff show extensive communications with lobbyists working with Tusk Ventures, a venture-capital and political-strategy firm. Tusk, in turn, was retained by Handy, a company that dispatches workers, Uber-style, to perform household chores like cleaning and repairs. The strategy firm’s founder, Bradley Tusk, was once a top political consultant for Uber and remains a large shareholder who could cash out millions in equity when Uber goes public this year.Tusk Ventures appears to have been the primary author of the Texas proposal. Large portions of the draft released by the Workforce Commission mirrored a proposal that the lobbyist forwarded to the agency one year earlier. Lisa Givens, the agency spokeswoman, said she had been unaware of the correspondence when she previously commented.And Texas is not the only place where Tusk has appealed to regulatory agencies rather than legislatures to cement gig workers’ status as contractors. According to the emails, the firm has pursued similar efforts in other states, like Illinois.Asked in an interview about the strategy of working through regulators, Mr. Tusk said, “If we believe this is the right policy, our job is to get it through, and that can be the most efficient venue.”He foreshadowed the plan in a book he published in September. “We’re working multiple angles to get this done federally,” he wrote. “And we’re working on legislation and rules in 13 more states, too.”What makes a worker a contractor?Different state and federal laws define employment somewhat differently, but most focus on factors like whether managers exert significant control over workers, and whether the work is central to a company’s business.Uber, Lyft and Handy argue that their workers should be considered contractors because the workers decide when, where and how long they work. The companies say they are experimenting with ideas, like benefits, to improve workers’ economic security.But skeptics argue that the companies exert control through ratings that elicit certain behavior, like treating passengers courteously, and by barring drivers who cancel too many rides. Uber and Lyft also determine pay rates for drivers, something independent contractors typically decide.In recent years, courts and state and federal agencies have disagreed on this question. But there’s little debate that if courts and regulators classified large numbers of gig workers as employees, the move would be highly disruptive to companies that depend on them. Lyft, in its recent filing for an initial public offering, told prospective investors that being forced to classify drivers as employees “may require us to significantly alter our existing business model” and warned of potential “monetary exposure.”About five years ago, the gig companies began to head off this prospect. In the legislation that Uber and Lyft backed to legalize their business, they often sought provisions indicating that ride-hailing drivers are contractors. About 25 states have enacted such provisions, known as carve-outs.In other states, Uber and Lyft worked with a broader group of companies to have most gig workers who are dispatched through digital platforms, not just drivers, classified as contractors.“Let me be clear,” an Uber lobbyist announced in 2016, before an Arizona Senate committee considering such a bill. “Companies like GrubHub, Handy, Lyft, Postmates, Thumbtack, YourMechanic, TaskRabbit,” she said, were all “involved with drafting this legislation and putting it forward in over 10 states.” The measure passed soon after.Some legislatures are easier targets than othersOne consequence of these industrywide measures is that they could affect far more than current gig workers. According to Maya Pinto of the National Employment Law Project, a nonprofit worker-advocacy group that has just published a report on the topic, the broader measures encourage companies to reclassify employees as contractors. Any business that dispatches employees — such as plumbers or electricians or nannies — could deem them contractors by using a digital interface to coordinate the work and meeting a few other criteria, Ms. Pinto said.Marla Kanemitsu of Tusk Ventures, who has helped to write such measures, said the motivation for the bills wasn’t just to preserve the contractor status of Handy’s workers, but also to allow companies to provide benefits, like health care and retirement-savings vehicles, that might otherwise suggest an employment relationship.“Providing benefits was always the driving force for this,” Ms. Kanemitsu said.In the first six months of 2018, six states passed bills broadly carving out gig workers from employment laws and effectively classifying them as contractors. Mr. Tusk’s book referred to these states as the “low-hanging fruit of Kentucky, Iowa, Tennessee, Indiana and Utah (and medium-hanging fruit like Florida).”But in other states, the fruit stood at a considerably higher altitude: The efforts came up short in Colorado, Georgia, North Carolina and California.Colorado, with a large technology sector, was perhaps the most instructive example. The state was the first to pass legislation legalizing ride-hailing companies like Uber, and a local lobbying firm involved in that effort helped spearhead this one, too. It received more than $80,000 in 2018 from Uber and Handy, according to lobbying disclosures compiled by the National Employment Law Project. The carve-out bill glided through the Republican-led Senate on a bipartisan vote last March, but it ran into resistance in the Democratic-controlled House.Legislatures, it was becoming clear, could be a political quagmire, even in states that appeared welcoming. And the urgency was increasing. Handy would be acquired by a public company in the fall of 2018. Uber planned to go public in 2019. The status of its drivers remained unresolved in all four states where the broader legislation had failed.Around the same time, however, Mr. Tusk’s firm was field-testing an alternative approach.Drawing verbatim from a lobbyist’s draftIn December 2017, Jerry Valdez, an Austin lobbyist working for Handy, contacted an assistant to one of the three commissioners on the Texas Workforce Commission.Like most lobbyists, Mr. Valdez and his colleagues assumed a posture of extreme solicitousness. They provided detailed responses to questions from the commissioner, Ruth Hughs, and her staff — like how such proposals might comport with federal law.“I am sure it will be informative regarding the matters discussed,” Ms. Hughs’s senior legal counsel replied in one email.Rarely were the lobbyists more helpful than in devising the rule itself, which would effectively expand to all gig workers an exemption that the state had already passed for ride-hailing drivers.Mr. Valdez forwarded Ms. Hughs’s assistant a draft, with the subject line “Handy proposal,” one year before the commission released its own proposal.Of the nine criteria that the Handy draft laid out for classifying gig workers as contractors, the commission adopted seven almost verbatim, then added two. The commission also hewed closely to Handy’s definition of a “marketplace platform” and “marketplace contractor,” terms of art for “company” and “worker.”Mr. Tusk, whose firm stopped working for Handy after Handy was acquired last year, said there were many advantages to lobbying state agencies for a rule change: “You’re not tied to the legislative calendar. If the head of a committee in the State Assembly doesn’t like it because they have some business owner in their district, you don’t have as much of a problem anymore.”A Handy spokesman said: “Our work in all states — including Texas — has always been conducted through appropriate channels and motivated by a desire for constructive solutions.”The process behind the Texas regulation, the final version of which will be discussed at a public meeting before the commission can approve it, appeared to stand in marked contrast to the very public debate in Colorado. Advocates on all sides there continued discussing ways to address the employment status of gig workers long after the legislation failed last spring.Labor officials, policy experts and even a representative from Uber attended a meeting hosted by a Denver think tank on how to protect gig workers from being exploited.“There’s been a commitment to figure out a true stakeholder process,” said Dennis Dougherty, executive director of the state’s labor federation.But not everybody appeared interested in an open debate. In June, when an aide to Commissioner Hughs asked the Tusk lobbyists if there were other states where regulators, rather than elected legislators, were addressing the contractor issue, one state they listed was particularly intriguing.“We are also in discussions,” a Tusk official wrote, “with Colorado.”A year ago, in the wake of President Trump’s tax cut, euphoric investors pushed the Dow Jones industrial average past 25,000, a record. The Dow had just gained 25 percent in 2017, and the Nasdaq had leapt 28 percent. Volatility was so low that there wasn’t a single day in 2017 when the S&P 500 fluctuated more than 2 percent.Not everyone was celebrating.“If there are any certainties, one will be that this party will eventually come to an end,” James Stack, president of InvesTech Research, told me a year ago. “And when it ends, it will end badly, and with high volatility.”Mr. Stack turned out to be right. He lowered his recommended asset allocation for United States stocks from 82 percent last January to 72 percent in September, when stocks hit new all-time highs. He urged investors to raise cash in October, and at the end of November he recommended an even more defensive posture — including putting money in a fund whose value would rise when stock prices dropped. That brought his recommended net exposure to stocks to just 55 percent, the lowest since the depths of the last bear market in early 2009.Stocks plunged in December, posting their worst monthly loss since the financial crisis and the worst December since 1931 and the Great Depression.Yet most economic indicators are benign. Unemployment is an exceptionally low 3.7 percent. Wages are rising. Inflation remains below the Federal Reserve’s 2 percent target. The Fed raised rates a quarter point in December, citing “a very healthy economy.”Given Mr. Stack’s track record last year, I reached out to him this week for his current views. Even though valuations have come down and macroeconomic indicators “have remained remarkably strong,” he said, he’s still defensive and hasn’t changed his bearish allocation. He believes that the worst isn’t over and that the Dow and S&P 500 will soon be down 20 percent from their peaks, retreating into a bear market. (The Nasdaq Composite and the Wilshire 2000 index of small-cap stocks are already there.)And that was before a revenue warning from Apple sent markets into another steep fall on Thursday.“A lesson from history is that the market leads the economy by a lot longer than investors realize,” Mr. Stack said. If the economy is headed toward recession, as the latest stock market declines suggest it may be, “we won’t see the first economic warning signs until the first three to five months” of 2019. Among the leading indicators he’s watching for signs of weakness are consumer confidence, housing starts and unemployment claims.On Thursday, the Institute for Supply Management manufacturing index, a leading indicator of industrial activity, fell sharply. That suggests that “serious cracks” are starting to appear in the economy, Mr. Stack said.Mr. Stack is right that bear markets typically precede recessions by many months: CNBC calculated in 2016 that bear markets since World War II had begun on average about eight months before a recession. That means that if a bear market did begin after major indexes peaked last fall, a recession might not start until June or even later. Even then, recessions are often over before economic data confirms their existence.That’s when bear markets are, in fact, followed by recessions, which often isn’t the case. As the economist Paul Samuelson famously said, “The stock market has forecast nine of the last five recessions.”Since World War II, there have been 13 bear markets. They were followed within a year by a recession just seven times. As a predictor of recessions with just 54 percent accuracy, bear markets are little better than flipping a coin.Indeed, Mr. Stack’s data show that two or more down years in a row are quite rare: There have been only four instances since 1928, suggesting that stocks may well be in positive territory by the end of 2019, even if a bear market does materialize in the meantime.Which is one reason the Wharton economist Jeremy Siegel told me that he’s bullish on the stock market this year. He predicts it could rise between 5 percent and 15 percent, even if there is an economic slowdown.Stocks are much cheaper now than they were before the December sell-off. The ratio between stock prices and projected earnings for companies in the S&P 500 is about 17, down from over 19 a year ago and the lowest in the past five years.[Stocks rose Friday after the release of a strong December jobs report and comments by the chairman of the Federal Reserve that the central bank would be flexible on raising interest rates this year.]Mr. Stack, however, argued that in the event of an economic downturn — or even a significant slowdown — “those projected earnings will go out the window.”“I would not call today’s market undervalued,” he added.Mr. Siegel bases his forecast of a market rally on the belief that the Fed will stop raising short-term interest rates. “I think the Fed got the message from the markets that it should not have hiked in December,” he said.Mr. Stack, too, said he was surprised the Fed raised rates in December. “I think the Fed will stand down and put future rate increases on hold,” he said, “which could stabilize the market, at least for the time being.”But Mr. Stack’s technical indicators are still pointing toward a bear market. He’s also worried about the shaky housing market, with price drops and slowing sales showing up in major cities.“We’re not trying to time the market, but we’re very comfortable with our defensive allocation,” he said. Although he predicted higher volatility a year ago, he was nonetheless surprised by the extremes reached in December, without even “a single hard warning sign of recession on the horizon.”“Can you imagine,” he asked, “how volatile it will be when we do have those warnings?”President Trump stopped short of announcing a final trade deal with China on Thursday, saying in an Oval Office meeting with the Chinese delegation that it may take another four weeks or more to secure an “epic” trade agreement.Negotiators had originally aimed to secure a deal this week during a visit from Liu He, the Chinese vice premier and special trade envoy, and announce a presidential summit meeting between Mr. Trump and Xi Jinping of China. But after more than a year of tit-for-tat tariffs, on-and-off negotiations and threats of additional punishment, the United States and China continue to haggle over some remaining issues, including how many of the American tariffs on Chinese goods will be removed, and when.“We’re talking intellectual property protection and theft. We’re talking about certain tariffs,” Mr. Trump said, referring to issues that remain unresolved.People familiar with the negotiations had said that the president was poised to announce a summit meeting with China. But those plans spurred a backlash among some of the president’s trade advisers, who argued that announcing a meeting before the deal was struck would weaken the United States’ hand and give it less leverage to force changes it is seeking.In remarks at the White House, Mr. Trump said that the deal was “very complete” and that the two sides had “agreed to far more than we have left to agree to.”“I think I can say some of the toughest things have been agreed to,” he continued.But he said there would be no summit meeting until a final deal was made. “If we have a deal then we’ll have a summit,” the president said.The date and location of a summit meeting have also proved controversial. The United States had initially proposed holding one at Mar-a-Lago, Mr. Trump’s Florida resort, but China has been pushing for an official state visit in Washington or a neutral location in a third country, people familiar with the matter said.Lawmakers had publicly fretted about announcing a summit meeting before the deal was inked, suggesting that Mr. Trump was surrendering his leverage in his eagerness to sign an agreement.Both Republicans and Democrats have urged Mr. Trump to hold out for a tough deal to combat Chinese practices that American businesses have long seen as problematic, including the coerced transfer of foreign technology as a condition of doing business in the country and the ample government subsidies for Chinese firms.“Last week @POTUS told us he would not sign a ‘good’ trade deal with #China he would only sign a ‘great’ one,” Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said in a Twitter post on Thursday morning. “I believe him. But to be a ‘great’ deal it must allow us to do in China what they can do in US & it must have real enforcement mechanisms.”The United States has pressed China to make commitments on purchasing American goods, opening markets to foreign business and increasing protections for foreign intellectual property in a bid to rebalance an economic relationship that Mr. Trump says is unfair for American workers. It remains to be seen how sweeping and significant any agreement will be, and whether it will achieve the lofty promises Mr. Trump has made about resetting the economic relationship with Beijing.But the White House is also facing pressure to resolve the trade war, which has begun to hurt American farming, manufacturing and other sectors, and caused wild swings on Wall Street. Industries including automaking, technology manufacturing and farming have anxiously awaited reduced tariffs and details of a new agreement, which will have huge implications for their businesses.The president’s tariffs have been successful at bringing the Chinese to the negotiating table, and his advisers have insisted they will not squander an opportunity to press China for substantial economic reforms that past administrations were unable to secure. Still, the Chinese have balked at making any reforms that could be viewed as infringing on their sovereignty or undercutting the Communist Party’s control of the economy.“If you and I are making a deal, and you have to drag me kicking and screaming the whole way, what are the odds the deal is going to hold?” asked Derek Scissors, a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. “I don’t find that the slightest bit convincing.”American negotiators have pushed for an enforcement mechanism that would allow tariffs on Chinese goods to snap back if China violated the terms of the deal, and that would forbid China to retaliate. But Chinese negotiators have resisted such an idea, describing it as a potential infringement on their sovereignty.Myron Brilliant, the executive vice president and head of international affairs at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said foreign stakeholders would be scrutinizing the deal to see whether it contained a strong enforcement mechanism that would hold the Chinese accountable to their obligations.“That is what would separate this agreement from previous agreements,” he said.The two sides spent the past two months drawing up more than 120 pages of an agreement covering issues including forced technology transfer and cybertheft, intellectual property rights, currency and nontariff barriers to trade. The Trump administration has also pressed China to commit to hundreds of billions in purchases of American products, including agricultural products, energy and airplanes.The administration has been eager to front-load China’s purchases of American products to help bolster farm country and other important constituencies and try to bring down the bilateral trade deficit before the 2020 election. Mr. Trump’s advisers would prefer to keep the tariffs in place as long as possible, an arrangement the Chinese oppose.In recent weeks, Beijing has introduced a steady drumbeat of other reforms intended to please American constituencies and win Mr. Trump’s favor. China has resumed purchases of American soybeans and announced it would reclassify fentanyl, which has fueled the American opioid epidemic, as a controlled substance. Beijing also approved a sweeping rewrite of a foreign investment law that may help foreign companies avoid unequal treatment. And it approved a request by JPMorgan Chase to establish a majority owned and controlled securities brokerage firm in the country and floated the idea of expanding access for foreign cloud computing companies.China experts have cautioned that the long-running economic stresses between the countries are unlikely to be entirely put to rest with this round of negotiations.“The negotiations, no matter what anybody says, will not end at the end of this phase,” said David Lampton, a fellow at Stanford University’s Freeman Spogli Institute for International Studies. “We’ve got decades of painful negotiating with China ahead.”FAIRFAX, Va. — A Virginia judge on Monday temporarily sealed divorce records for Stephen Moore, President Trump’s presumptive nominee for the Federal Reserve board, adding to the tax and child-support drama surrounding the pending nomination.A Circuit Court judge in Fairfax County issued a temporary injunction sealing the 2011 divorce records at the request of Mr. Moore’s former wife, Allison Moore. The court order does not list Mr. Moore as opposing the request. The judge scheduled a Friday hearing on the merits of keeping the documents under seal.Those records, posted online Monday by The Guardian, which first reported details of the divorce, show that a judge found Mr. Moore in contempt of court in March 2013 for failing to pay more than $330,000 in spousal support, child support, attorney’s fees and a one-time fee to his ex-wife. Mr. Moore had failed to pay six consecutive months of child support — and only a small fraction of the nearly $19,000 a month he had agreed to pay his ex-wife in the divorce settlement — at the time of the ruling.According to the records, Mr. Moore failed to respond to repeated requests from the Virginia court to make payments and did not show up for a deposition in the case. The court ordered him to sell his home to raise money to pay the debt and forced him to set up an automatic bank transfer each month. After Mr. Moore paid $217,000 toward the debt, Ms. Moore asked the court to revoke the order for Mr. Moore to sell his home, which it did.The divorce case is the latest twist in the nomination saga of Mr. Moore, who is in a dispute with the Internal Revenue Service over $75,000 in back taxes, which are related to his child and spousal support payments.Mr. Trump said last month that he would nominate Mr. Moore, a campaign adviser who, like Mr. Trump, was a loud critic of the Fed’s interest rate increases last year. At the time of the announcement, Mr. Moore had not been formally vetted by the White House. The administration has not yet submitted his nomination to the Senate.In her 2010 divorce complaint, Ms. Moore accused Mr. Moore of “emotional and psychological abuse” during their 20-year marriage, and accused him of carrying on an adulterous relationship that he was “neither discreet nor inconspicuous” about. The complaint said Mr. Moore had left receipts for dinners with his mistress around the house and that he purchased a T-shirt for his lover with the words “Doing It.”In his response, Mr. Moore said he did not contest anything in Ms. Moore’s petition.Neither Mr. Moore nor Ms. Moore responded to repeated requests for comment over the weekend or on Monday.Mr. Moore is a longtime champion of tax cuts, deregulation and other conservative economic policies. He is a former editorial board member for The Wall Street Journal and the founder of the Club for Growth, which advocates lower taxes. He has held shifting positions on monetary policy over the years, including endorsing a return to the gold standard and, when President Barack Obama was in office, criticizing the Fed for leaving interest rates low in an effort to stoke economic growth.Since Mr. Trump took office, Mr. Moore has pushed for lower rates. In December, angered by the fourth rate increase of the year, he called for the Fed’s chairman, Jerome H. Powell, to step down or be fired.Mr. Trump has lauded Mr. Moore’s views on the Fed, but it is unclear whether he could win Senate confirmation.Last year, the I.R.S. filed a lien against Mr. Moore related to the $75,000 in back taxes. Mr. Moore, in an interview last week with The New York Times, described that lien as a “huge miscalculation” by the agency.It is unclear whether the $75,000 tax lien relates to the child- and spousal-support-payment delinquencies laid out by The Guardian.Mr. Moore said in an interview on Thursday that, for a single tax year, he had claimed both the value of his alimony, which at the time was deductible for all divorces, and the value of his child support payments, which are not. He said the child support amounted to about $18,000, which, given his tax bracket, worked out to about $6,000 in taxes that he owed but did not pay. He blamed the error on his accountant.But Mr. Moore said he was not simply hit with a back-tax bill. After an audit, he said, the I.R.S. deemed his return for that year “fraudulent” and disallowed other deductions. With penalties and fees, the amount came to more than $75,000, he said.Mr. Moore said he and his current wife had tried for years to resolve the issue with the I.R.S., including dispute resolution, but had not heard from the agency in nearly two years.A prominent critic of Mr. Moore’s nomination, the University of Michigan economist Justin Wolfers, said he was deeply troubled that Mr. Moore had been held in contempt of court given that he could soon hold a seat on the Fed.“For a Fed governor, your credibility is an important asset,” Mr. Wolfers said. “Putting someone in a position of trust who has been in contempt of court could easily create difficult situations, particularly in an institution like the Fed, which at least during the crisis had to invent new responses on the fly while making sure they were legal.”White House officials were adopting a wait-and-see approach on Monday before deciding whether to go through with the nomination, according to two people familiar with the discussions, who requested anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss internal White House conversations.Mr. Trump, these people said, remains personally fond of Mr. Moore and values his loyalty, but has been surprised by the criticism of Mr. Moore and the negative reaction among some Senate Republicans, who were angered by Mr. Moore’s previous comment that the president should fire Mr. Powell for raising interest rates. Mr. Moore has since apologized for that statement.Questions have also arisen over Mr. Moore’s tenure at The Wall Street Journal, including whether he wrote editorials that referred to groups that paid him to give speeches.In May 2013, for example, Mr. Moore spoke at the Civitas Institute, a nonprofit conservative research group in North Carolina. He was paid more than $3,000 for an honorarium and expenses, said Brian Balfour, executive vice president for Civitas. The next month, Mr. Moore wrote an editorial about tax cuts in the state and approvingly quoted Civitas’s former president. In July, in another editorial criticizing liberal protesters at the state’s capital, Mr. Moore cited a Civitas analysis of financial statements from groups supporting the protests.According to a Journal spokesman, editorial board members are “allowed to accept compensation for speeches from nonprofit organizations if they are approved in advance and do not overlap with the member’s coverage area.”Mr. Moore’s predicament did not come up during a round of discussions on Monday at the White House between Mr. Trump and his economic team, according to a person familiar with the discussion, who also requested anonymity. The discussions, this person said, were focused on rebooting a repeal of Obamacare and included a presentation by Kevin Hassett, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, warning against the possible damage to the economy of closing the border with Mexico.Appearing on CNBC on Monday morning, Mr. Hassett was not asked about the records, but called Mr. Moore “a great guy.”Mr. Hassett suggested that Mr. Moore would likely avoid the public spotlight in coming days.“When you’re getting ready for Senate confirmation, you have to focus 100 percent on that,” he said. “I expect that’s what we’ll see from Steve going forward.”Verla Bloomfield has the kind of workplace that seems plucked from a different era. She has a pension, a union, several weeks of vacation and a paycheck that has nearly doubled in 14 years. Her employer? The United States government.“People used to work for companies their whole life and retire and take their pension and move on,” said Ms. Bloomfield, who handles claims for the Social Security Administration in Tulsa, Okla. “That’s not the reality of our work force anymore, but it still is for the federal government.”By many measures, the last couple of decades scorched American workers. Wages crawled up, factory jobs fled to China and benefits collapsed. But those years look less painful if you worked for Uncle Sam.Since 2000, average pay has grown twice as fast for federal employees as it has in the private sector. That’s partly because the federal work force has become more educated and specialized. It is also built into the job. Even without the salaries that top performers can command in the corporate world, government workers who do well are entitled by law to regular pay increases, an increasingly rare guarantee elsewhere.“It has been a really key route to the middle class,” said Heidi Shierholz, an economist with the Economic Policy Institute in Washington. “These are jobs in a highly unionized sector, where people see decent benefits, decent job security, decent wage growth over time.”While raises have slowed in recent years, these jobs are still often the best around. Eight in 10 are outside of the Beltway. And the paychecks — which have stopped arriving during the longest United States government shutdown ever — are increasingly critical to local economies.That is especially true in places that are remote and have high jobless rates, like Pocahontas County, W.Va. “Natural resources abound, but job opportunities don’t,” said Cynthia Sandeno, a district ranger with the United States Forest Service, who oversees hundreds of thousands of acres of woodlands in the area.Ms. Sandeno, 44, manages 25 wildlife ecologists, biologists, engineers and foresters who make anywhere from $28,000 to $100,000 a year, which puts many of them at the top of the local pay scale. Their missing checks will very likely be felt far beyond their own bank accounts.Ms. Sandeno says that since they were furloughed, her staff members stopped eating out at the Dirtbean cafe or Rayetta’s Lunch Box in Marlinton, a town of 1,000. “They are just normal people who don’t want to file for unemployment,” she says. There aren’t a lot of alternatives in the area.“It’s 45 miles to the closest McDonald’s,” she said. The shutdown also derailed Ms. Sandeno’s plan to make two job offers to local residents and promote one of her employees.“Those are three families that would be getting above-average pay,” she said.As globalization has shuttered factories and decimated entire industries, federal employment has been a bastion of stability. It has not grown, and occupies a shrinking share of the overall labor market, but it remains an equalizer for African-Americans and women, who are far more likely to earn high salaries working for the government than they would with a company.The work force includes most of the occupations found in the private sector — as varied as janitors and accountants — with salaries that span the lowest and highest ends of the economy. The ranks include Veterans Health Administration pharmacy technicians in Mississippi earning $43,000 a year, and lawyers for the Securities and Exchange Commission in Washington pulling down $200,000.Federal employees on average earn higher salaries than private sector workers, partly because they are far more likely to have advanced degrees, and they’re older. The government has also outsourced many low-paying positions — landscapers and security guards, for example — to contractors, who number in the millions.Unions representing the workers point out that Congress has not lifted federal employees’ pay enough to keep up with inflation in recent years.If you got an entry-level job today processing tax returns at the Internal Revenue Service in Ogden, Utah, for example, you would earn $29,847 in salary. That’s less than you would have made in 2011, after inflation. The decline is partly because of a three-year federal salary freeze under President Barack Obama starting in 2011, followed by 1 percent raises for four years.“People are worse off than they were at the beginning of the decade,” said Jacqueline Simon, the policy director of the American Federation of Government Employees, a union representing 700,000 workers.But the reality is that people who have held onto their government jobs for many years have not languished in the same role at the same pay grade. They have progressed up the ladder and benefited from regular raises at least every few years. They all have pensions and almost all have health insurance, perks that are harder to come by as an employee in corporate America.When Ms. Bloomfield, 55, started at the Social Security office in Tulsa in 2005, she made $40,000. Then, over the next decade or so, she climbed four levels in the ranks of the federal work force. “Those were big pay jumps,” she said. In 2017, Ms. Bloomfield got a promotion that put her salary at $78,000 a year, a comfortable sum in Tulsa.Unions and conservative groups often argue whether people like Ms. Bloomfield are overpaid or undercompensated. Many of those at the high end of the scale could command even bigger salaries on Wall Street or in Silicon Valley — and estimates that break down pay by occupation have shown that the government pays less than companies do for similar work.Ms. Bloomfield would take stability over a six-figure salary in the private sector any day. Her brother earns much more than she does in technical support in Austin, Tex. But he’s had to switch employers multiple times in the last 20 years because of corporate restructuring and layoffs.“Even though he makes a high wage, he has to live with this uncertainty,” she said. “We don’t have that stress.”Steve Fosse, a revenue agent with the I.R.S., isn’t sure whether that trade-off is worth it anymore. The first person in his family to graduate from college, Mr. Fosse, 39, took a job with the government because it offered reliability. “I wanted the benefits and the guaranteed paychecks,” he said.For the most part, that dream panned out. Mr. Fosse earns $90,000 a year, a comfortable sum that helped him buy a four-bedroom home in West Fargo, N.D. He doesn’t exactly indulge in luxuries — his newest car is a used Toyota Sienna that has logged 170,000 miles — but he hasn’t lost much sleep over where his next few paychecks will come from. Until now.Mr. Fosse is furloughed and has begun selling everything he can — an old television, a stationary bicycle, a snow blower — on Craigslist. He’s mulling a move to a public accounting firm in Minneapolis, where his résumé could probably land him a salary above $120,000. He’d miss his pension, and the feeling that he’s doing something that, on balance, helps people.But 14 years into his career, he’s having doubts.“It’s nice to be able to serve the United States,” he said, “but I don’t like feeling like I am getting pushed to a bread line in order to continue doing that.”One clear lesson from the elections of 2016 and 2018 is that President Trump and his fellow Republican candidates win where white voters are losing ground.Take a look at the 2018 congressional results in the upper Midwest and Pennsylvania, states that provided the Electoral College votes crucial to Trump’s capture of the White House.John C. Austin, the director of the Michigan Economic Center and a senior fellow at Brookings, analyzed economic trends in 15 congressional districts that changed hands last year — 12 from Republican to Democrat, three from Democrat to Republican — in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Minnesota and Iowa.Austin found a striking pattern. In the majority of districts that went from Republican to Democrat:Residents had incomes higher than statewide medians, as well as higher educational attainment — in most places by considerable margins. Conversely, in the three districts that moved from blue to red, incomes and educational attainment lagged statewide figures.The accompanying graphic reveals the extent to which economic considerations shaped the outcome in these districts.The same general pattern emerged in state after state in the recent midterms.In September 2018, Siobhan Hughes and Dante Chinni of The Wall Street Journal took the 70 congressional races ranked as most competitive by the Cook Political Report. They then ranked the races on the basis of an “economic-health index created by the Institute of International Finance.”Of the ten districts ranked highest on economic health, eight were categorized “lean Republican” by the Cook Political Report, and two “lean Democrat.” Before the November election, nine of those 10 seats were held by Republicans.On Election Day, Democrats carried eight out of 10 of these districts.Mark Muro and Jacob Whiton, both of Brookings, worked with John Harwood of CNBC to analyze Democratic and Republican-held congressional districts in the aftermath of the 2018 election. Their conclusions reinforce the findings of Austin, Hughes and Chinni.The key result: the 20 most prosperous districts are now held by Democrats, while Republicans represent 16 of the 20 least prosperous, measured by share of G.D.P. The accompanying chart illustrates their analysis.The authors’ calculation of the contribution to the G.D.P. of every congressional district showed that Democratic districts produce $10.2 trillion of the nation’s goods and services and Republican districts $6.2 trillion.This trend creates a significant dilemma for Trump and the Republican Party. Candidates on the right do best during hard times and in recent elections, they have gained the most politically in regions experiencing the sharpest downturn. Electorally speaking, in other words, Republicans profit from economic stagnation and decline.Let’s return to John Austin of the Michigan Economic Center. In an email he describes this unusual situation succinctly: “A rising economic tide tends to sink the Trump tugboat,” adding“Certainly more people and communities that are feeling abandoned, not part of a vibrant economy means more fertile ground for the resentment politics and ‘blaming others’ for people’s woes (like immigrants and people of color) that fuel Trump’s supporters.”In June 2017, Austin demonstrated the importance of struggling white communities to the Republican Party. His study of the 2016 presidential results in the Midwest showed how strong turnout among voters in regions facing economic deterioration can help Republicans. In that earlier report, Austin wrote:The small- and medium-sized factory towns that dot the highways and byways of Michigan, Indiana, Ohio and Wisconsin have lost their anchor employers and are struggling to fill the void. Many of these communities, including once solidly Democratic-voting, union-heavy, blue collar strongholds, flipped to Trump in 2016.This pattern is not limited to the United States. There are numerous studies demonstrating that European and British voters who are falling behind in the global economy, and who were hurt by the 2008 recession and the subsequent cuts to the welfare state, drove Brexit as well as the rise of right-wing populist parties.One paper, “Measuring the Effects of Economic Austerity on Pro-Sociality: Evidence from Greece,” by Nicholas Sambanis, Anna Schultz and Elena Nikolova, political scientists at Penn, Duke and University College London, found, for example,A strong relationship between job loss and decreased generalized solidarity. We find evidence of in-group bias and the bias becomes more pronounced due to exposure to austerity policies.In a July 2018 paper, “Did Austerity Cause Brexit?” Thiemo Fetzer, an economist at the University of Warwick in Coventry, England, argues that austerity policies adopted in the wake of the 2008 financial collapse were crucial both to voter support for the right-wing populist party UKIP in Britain and to voter approval of Brexit.These political movements “are strongly and causally associated with an individual’s or an area’s exposure to austerity since 2010,” Fetzer writes. Examination of economic trends, welfare policy and polling data shows, according to Fetzer, thatthe EU referendum (Brexit) could have resulted in a Remain victory had it not been for a range of austerity-induced welfare reforms. These reforms activated existing economic grievances. Further, auxiliary results suggest that the underlying economic grievances have broader origins than what the current literature on Brexit suggests. Up until 2010, the UK’s welfare state evened out growing income differences across the skill divide through transfer payments. This pattern markedly stops from 2010 onward as austerity started to bite.There are significant parallels between voting patterns for and against Brexit and the patterns in the 2016 and 2018 elections in this country.In a separate 2017 paper, “Who Voted For Brexit,” Fetzer and two fellow economists at the University of Warwick, Sascha O. Becker and Dennis Novy, found that “in particular, fiscal cuts in the context of the recent U.K. austerity program are strongly associated with a higher Vote Leave share.” This heldall across the board: more deprivation is tightly associated with a larger Vote Leave share or, vice versa; less deprivation is tightly associated with a lower Vote Leave share.The results here and in England reinforce the conclusion that the worse things get, the better the right does.As a rule, as economic conditions improve and voters begin to feel more secure, they become more generous and more liberal. In the United States, this means that voters move to the left; in Britain, it means voters are stronger in their support for staying in the European Union.In his forthcoming book, “Democratic Capitalism at the Crossroads: Technological Change and the Future of Politics” Carles Boix, a political scientist at Princeton, describes how postwar prosperity from 1945 to the mid-1970s led to a liberal international consensus:In light of the historical experience of advanced countries, embracing the program of embedded liberalism made economic and political sense. Twentieth-century democratic capitalism had proved to be both successful and resilient: it had delivered high growth; it had allowed governments to fund generous social programs; and it had sent its main political and economic competitor — communism — to the ash heap of history.As global competition, outsourcing and later, automation, began to produce significant economic disruption, beginning in the 1970s, this liberal consensus frayed.Boix writes,The structure of electoral participation became strongly polarized across the Atlantic — very much in line with the economic transformations brought about by the decline of industry and by globalization in the last forty years.In the United States, economic adversity helped produce Trump, whose inaugural speech (reportedly the handiwork of Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller) Boix cites as emblematic of the hostility emerging with the fall of liberalism:For too long, a small group in our nation’s capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost. Washington flourished, but the people did not share in its wealth. Politicians prospered, but the jobs left. And the factories closed. The establishment protected itself but not the citizens of our country. Their victories have not been your victories. Their triumphs have not been your triumphs. And while they celebrated in our nation’s capital, there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land. That all changes starting right here and right now.Together, the trends described above raise an intriguing question: If the Republican Party now depends on the votes of those who are falling behind, does the party have a vested interest in economic stagnation and decline?I asked scholars and officials at the Niskanen Center — a Washington think tank that recently received favorable coverage for its efforts to resolve contemporary ideological division — whether they thought the Republican Party has come to recognize that prosperity helps Democrats, while economic adversity engenders hostility to immigrants, resentment of liberal elites and animosity among rural voters toward urban America. Does this awareness give politicians on the right a motive to support policies and actions that foster government dysfunction and further impair sections of the country that are in decline?Jerry Taylor, president of Niskanen, replied to my inquiry by making the case that “as conservatives see it, the more visible government dysfunction is, the better. It provides civic education.”Working from this premise, Taylor argued that as far as conservatives go,anything that dispels the illusion that government can be harnessed for positive ends is generally a good thing, and anything that reduces its power and scope is a salutary development.Taylor disputed the suggestion that “Republicans consciously or unconsciously labor to frustrate economic growth in rural white America.” Instead, he said, they are ideologically committed to the belief that economic growth isonly reliably ensured when government is minimized, taxes are nearly inconsequential, and free markets and property rights are given the greatest scope possible. Marry that with their belief that a rising economic tide will lift all boats, and you can quickly see why they’re at a loss to explain what’s going on in rural America.Will Wilkinson, the center’s vice president for research, wrote back to me:The G.O.P.’s success in struggling places has given them a false impression that voters who live there will stay faithful as long as they keep feeding them culture-war chum. Trump’s populism offered a false but compelling diagnosis of their economic problems, immigrants and insufficiently protectionist trade policy, which dovetails neatly with rural white anxieties about declining cultural status and relative political power. If you can align threats to identity with threats to material security, as Trump did, it’s pretty powerful.But, in actual practice moving from campaigning to governing, Wilkinson continued, Trump’strade war is positively hurting agriculture and manufacturing, and every Republican member of congress has voted multiple times to strip away health benefits — leaving ‘identity threat’ as the party’s last resort.What’s more, Wilkinson noted,Identity threat — ‘I don’t recognize this country anymore’ — is very abstract compared to material threat — ‘my daughter with leukemia will die if they don’t cover pre-existing conditions’ — and far less motivating. And the argument that the G.O.P. establishment itself has become a threat to economic/material welfare has started to become persuasive.This has put the Republican Party in a painful position, according to Wilkinson:It’s going to get worse for the G.O.P. as the urgency of the economic problems grows. But they just don’t understand that pushing the same button over and over isn’t going to have the same effect. And this is so in part because they don’t really want to see the seriousness of economic divergence, because they have no idea what to do about it that is remotely consistent with Zombie Reagan social policy dogma.Brink Lindsey, vice president for policy, replied to my queries from a somewhat different angle: “You don’t need conscious intent to produce dysfunction to explain Republican governance failures.”In Lindsey’s view,it starts in ideological self-delusion — that government is simply incapable of performing well, so starving it of funds is always a good idea and trying to make it work better is a waste of time. The problem starts there, as I said, but it doesn’t end there, as these attitudes can very easily merge into cynical, lazy indifference to public administration and onward to outright venality and corruption. And, of course, this ideological stance turns out to be incredibly convenient for rich donors looking for any excuse to keep their taxes down.This is not, according to Lindsey,a conspiracy, but rather a rotten equilibrium. Lack of trust in government brings charlatans to power, further reducing trust in government and widening the path to power for future charlatans.In addition to the Mueller investigation, there are two major factors that will determine the sustainability of the Republican Party’s “rotten equilibrium.”The first, of course, is Trump himself. His victory in 2016 was a charlatan’s ascent, and his presidency has served to sustain distrust in government — fuel, in one sense, for the continued success of charlatans. For the moment, though, his failure to win money for the border wall has punctured his viability as a governing force.Trump’s second, if less heralded, achievement has been to invigorate the Democratic opposition. He has inspired an immense, rambunctious, intensely motivated and exceptionally diverse pack of candidates — some prepared, some less so, to dislodge him from the White House.I invite you to follow me on Twitter, @Edsall.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.As leading Democrats roll out proposals to increase taxes on the rich, the American people are largely behind them.A majority of people support Democratic proposals to raise taxes on the wealthiest Americans, according to a poll conducted this month for The New York Times by the online research platform SurveyMonkey, though their opinions vary between specific plans. Voters overwhelmingly see income inequality as a problem the government should be trying to address.Support for taxing the rich cuts across party lines: A majority of Republicans support a proposal from Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, a Democratic presidential candidate, to tax a group of the wealthiest Americans on their net worth. Views on raising the top income-tax rate are more sharply split.The tax-the-rich sentiment is strongest by far among Democrats, who see it as a moral issue. Subscribing to a view expressed recently by Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, the first-term New York Democrat, nearly two-thirds of Democrats say it is immoral to have an economic system where some people have billions of dollars while others have very little. “They’re not paying their fair share,” said one Democrat, Fred Wood, a retired teacher in Williamsport, Pa. “It’s just not right when folks cannot afford health care.” Polling support is by no means a guarantee that Americans would elect a tax-the-rich challenger to President Trump — who mused as a candidate about raising taxes on the rich but as president signed a $1.5 trillion tax cut that reduced the top marginal income tax rate and primarily benefits high earners. Polls by Gallup and other organizations over the decades have regularly found that a majority of Americans believe that corporations and the wealthy pay too little in taxes, but voters have frequently elected presidents who cut those taxes, instead. What appears different this time, analysts say, is the emphasis that leading Democratic candidates are placing on taxing the rich. “This is about politicians catching up to where Americans have been,” said Leslie McCall, a political scientist at the CUNY Graduate Center. As a result, progressive policy hands say they are increasingly confident that if a Democrat wins the White House and the party gains full control of Congress, taxes on the rich will go up. That is partly because of the “finally dawning realization among Democrats that taxing the rich is good politics along with good policy,” said Michael Linden, a fellow at the liberal Roosevelt Institute.“My bet is that it won't be one big thing” that ends up raising taxes on the rich, Mr. Linden said. “I bet it will be a lot of medium-sized things. A higher top rate, for sure. Rooting out or limiting some of the tax expenditures that disproportionately benefit the rich. I think the corporate rate will start to creep back up. And I think new taxes like a wealth tax, or some other form of capital taxation, are very likely.”More Democrats are taking up the theme.Rising inequality and policies to fight it have emerged as a central theme in the Democratic primary campaign. Senator Bernie Sanders, the Vermont independent who three years ago railed against “millionaires and billionaires” in an insurgent bid for the Democratic nomination, said on Tuesday that he would again seek the nomination on a platform of free public college and “Medicare for all.” This time around, he will face competition for the left flank of his party, including from Ms. Warren, who has proposed taxing the assets — not just the annual income — of the richest Americans to pay for universal child care.“Across party lines, Americans want the very wealthiest families to pay their fair share so we can have an economy that works for everyone,” Ms. Warren said in a statement in response to the polling for The Times. Such proposals are likely to draw strong support from a Democratic electorate that has shifted sharply to the left since Mr. Sanders’s last run. Eighty-seven percent of Democrats in the Times poll said the government should seek to reduce the wealth gap.But it isn’t just Democrats who are concerned by inequality. A majority of independents, and substantial minorities of Republicans, want the government to tackle the issue. And a slim majority of Republicans support a wealth tax like the one Ms. Warren has proposed.Virginia Connolly is a conservative Republican who supports President Trump and wants to build a wall on the Mexican border. But she says she wants to tax wealthy Americans to pay for programs for veterans, children and the homeless.“I think that raising taxes on the rich should have happened a long time ago,” she said. “The rich, what are they going to do with all that money?”Ms. Connolly, 47, runs a business cleaning homes in DeLand, Fla., north of Orlando. When that work failed to pay her bills, she took a part-time job at Winn-Dixie, a grocery store chain where she earns $14 an hour. Even so, she barely makes enough to feed herself and her three children.A wealth tax finds support, but challenges loom. The Times poll found strong support for a wealth tax akin to Ms. Warren’s plan. Sixty-one percent of Americans said they approved of imposing a 2 percent tax on the wealth of households with a net worth of more than $50 million. (Under Ms. Warren’s plan, the rate would rise to 3 percent on wealth over $1 billion, but the Times survey didn’t ask about that provision.) An earlier Morning Consult poll found similar results.“We pay taxes on our property, why not on your wealth?” said Gary Montoya, a school safety officer in Panama City, Fla.Mr. Montoya, 39, is a registered Republican and a supporter of Mr. Trump. But he said taxes on the rich must rise to reduce the federal budget deficit, among other priorities.The idea of a wealth tax, however, is newly prominent in American politics, and it isn’t clear whether support will hold up. Republicans haven’t had time to attack the policy, as they have with the estate tax, and it would face legal challenges if enacted. Moreover, voters used to hearing about income-tax rates might not fully understand the idea of a wealth tax, said Vanessa Williamson, a political scientist at the Brookings Institution who has studied public opinion on taxation.The wealth tax also raises practical challenges that could turn off some voters. Kris Stallard, a data analyst in Tulsa, Okla., says he wants to raise taxes on the rich, and has no problem with a wealth tax in principle. But he questions how it would work in practice.“You might own houses, businesses, that sort of thing,” said Mr. Stallard, a Democrat. “Is the government going to take parts of businesses from people?”On higher income-tax rates, a sharper split emerges. Other Democrats are taking a more traditional approach to taxing the rich: raising income taxes on the highest earners. Ms. Ocasio-Cortez has proposed a marginal rate as high as 70 percent on annual income over $10 million. The top rate today is 37 percent, down from 39.6 percent before the Republican tax law that passed in late 2017.Ms. Ocasio-Cortez’s proposal avoids the legal and logistical challenges of Ms. Warren’s plan. And it is just as popular with Democrats, 75 percent of whom support the idea. But it is less popular over all. Only a narrow majority of Americans, 51 percent, support the idea. Republicans oppose it by a ratio of more than two to one. A self-described “left-leaning independent,” Kathy Holmes could be the sort of voter Democrats need to win to defeat Mr. Trump. A small-business owner in Kansas City, Mo., Ms. Holmes once voted for Ross Perot, the Texas billionaire who sought the presidency twice in the 1990s, but these days mostly supports Democrats. Still, she says she has been disappointed by both parties, and is intrigued by the possible candidacy of the former Starbucks chief executive Howard Schultz.Ms. Holmes, 54, said she would like to see the rich pay more in taxes. But she said a 70 percent rate “could get a little too out of control.” She said higher taxes on the rich should be a means to an end, not an end unto themselves.“I don’t think that they should be incredibly penalized for being wealthy,” she said. “It’s a tough balance between free enterprise and ‘go for it and be a gazillionaire.’”About the survey: The data in this article came from an online survey of 9,974 adults conducted by the polling firm SurveyMonkey from Feb. 4 to Feb. 10. The company selected respondents at random from the nearly three million people who take surveys on its platform each day. Responses were weighted to match the demographic profile of the population of the United States. The survey has a modeled error estimate (similar to a margin of error in a standard telephone poll) of plus or minus 1.5 percentage points, so differences of less than that amount are statistically insignificant.Competing notions of American national identity are coming to dominate American politics.On Jan. 2, a searing Tucker Carlson monologue on Fox News resonated across every corner of the conservative movement.“The goal for America is both simpler and more elusive than mere prosperity,” Carlson told his audience. “Dignity. Purpose. Self-control. Independence. Above all, deep relationships with other people.”President Trump is one of the most dedicated Fox viewers in the country. Carlson went on:Our leaders don’t care. We are ruled by mercenaries who feel no long-term obligation to the people they rule. They’re day traders. Substitute teachers. They’re just passing through. They have no skin in this game, and it shows. They can’t solve our problems. They don’t even bother to understand our problems.Carlson, who is in a ratings race with both his Fox colleague Sean Hannity and MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow, argued that many conservatives have scant understanding of the adversity faced by members of the working and lower middle class in America:The idea that families are being crushed by market forces seems never to occur to them. They refuse to consider it. Questioning markets feels like apostasy. Both sides miss the obvious point: Culture and economics are inseparably intertwined. Certain economic systems allow families to thrive. Thriving families make market economies possible.Carlson pointed specifically to problems faced by rural white America, the crucial base of Republican voters: “Stunning out of wedlock birthrates. High male unemployment. A terrifying drug epidemic.” How, Carlson asked, “did this happen?” You’d think our ruling class would be interested in knowing the answer. But mostly they’re not. They don’t have to be interested. It’s easier to import foreign labor to take the place of native-born Americans who are slipping behind.Despite this failing of conservatism, Carlson contended that only the Republican Party can lead the country back to salvation:There’s no option at this point. But first, Republican leaders will have to acknowledge that market capitalism is not a religion. Market capitalism is a tool, like a staple gun or a toaster. You’d have to be a fool to worship it. Our system was created by human beings for the benefit of human beings. We do not exist to serve markets. Just the opposite. Any economic system that weakens and destroys families is not worth having. A system like that is the enemy of a healthy society.The Carlson monologue became an extended subject of debate, which my Times colleague Ross Douthat also examined. For example, in “The Right Should Reject Tucker Carlson’s Victimhood Populism,” David French, a senior writer at National Review, argued that “it is still true that your choices are far more important to your success than any government program or the actions of any nefarious banker or any malicious feminist.”“If an obscure senator gave this speech, he’d be famous overnight,” Kyle Smith, a critic at large for National Review, wrote the next day. “Carlson scores some major points, and like most great speeches this one can’t easily be dismissed as either left or right-wing.”Carlson touched nerves well outside conservative circles. I asked Dean Baker, co-founder of the liberal Center for Economic and Policy Research, for his response to the monologue. He replied: “It’s a bit scary to me how much of this I agree with.” Baker quibbled with some minor points, butignoring these off the mark comments, he is absolutely right that the leadership of both parties has largely embraced an agenda that serves the rich with little concern for average workers.In addition to Carlson, one of the most engaged critics of the Republican establishment is Oren Cass, a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute and the author of “The Once and Future Worker.”In his book, Cass faults both parties, but his condemnation of the Democratic Party is far harsher than his critique of the Republican Party:Republicans have generally trusted that free markets will benefit all participants, prized the higher output associated with an ‘efficient’ outcome, and expressed skepticism that political actors could identify and pursue better outcomes, even if any existed. Their labor-market policy could best be described as one of benign neglect.Democrats, in contrast,can sound committed to a more worker-centric model of growth, but rather than trusting the market too much, they trample it. The party’s actual agenda centers on the interests advanced by its coalition of labor unions, environmentalists, and identity groups. Its policies rely on an expectation that government mandates and programs will deliver what the market does not. This agenda inserts countless regulatory wedges that aim to improve the conditions of employment but in the process raise its cost, driving apart the players that the market is attempting to connect.In a Salon review of “The Once and Future Worker,” Samuel Hammond, director of welfare policy at the libertarian Niskanen Center — a Washington a think tank I described last week — writes:Indeed, far from the usual conservative manifesto, ‘The Once and Future Worker,’ is a scathing critique of globalization, open immigration, and the commoditization of labor — forces which Cass believes have ransacked working class fortunes across three decades of neoliberal hegemony.Cass is eager to place himself at the disposal of both parties. He was one of 13 ideologically ambidextrous authors of a joint Brookings-American Enterprise Institute report, “Work, Skills, Community: Restoring Opportunity for the Working Class.” The November 2018 study pointed to areas of concord between segments of the right and the left.The 13 authors found common ground on a set of proposals that call for both more spending and tougher work requirements. These proposals include expanding the earned-income tax credit to cover childless workers, including experimenting with a new wage subsidy; getting recipients of government subsidies back to work, including beneficiaries of means-tested government programs; and enlarging eligibility for the child and dependent care tax credit.While it is possible, in theory, that Carlson and Cass could support Democratic candidates, they sharply disagree with the Democratic Party on the highly salient issue of immigration.In his book, Cass writes:The United States should limit increases in its supply of unskilled immigrant labor. This new approach would require first and foremost that criteria for allowing entrance into the country emphasize education level — attainment of a college degree, in particular.In the case of undocumented immigrants, Cass’s policy would be to “require unskilled illegal immigrants to leave.”Carlson is more extreme. On Dec. 4, Carlson told viewers that “a new analysis of census data shows that sixty-three percent of noncitizens in the U.S. receive some kind of welfare benefits,” before adding:Every night, hundreds of thousands of our citizens, Americans, sleep outdoors on the street, they’re homeless. The country’s middle class is shrinking and dying younger. The third year in a row. Again, these are American citizens. Some of them probably think they should have first dibs on help from the government, but they’re not getting it.Later that month, Carlson escalated his claim that immigration was too costly for Americans:It’s indefensible, so nobody even tries to defend it. Instead, our leaders demand that you shut up and accept this. We have a moral obligation to admit the world’s poor, they tell us, even if it makes our own country poor and dirtier and more divided.These comments proved highly controversial, to say the least. According to Business Insider, 16 companies stopped advertising on “The Tucker Carlson Show.”Michael Massing, a New York-based writer who often reports on the intersection of media and politics, watched Carlson for several nights after the January monologue in an attempt to assess where Carlson really stood. In a Feb. 2 article in the Guardian, Massing wrote:Overall, his show continues to transmit Fox’s toxic blend of race-baiting and reality distortion, through which it has done so much to poison the American mind. What, then, to make of Carlson? Is he a cynic? A hypocrite? A headlong pursuer of ratings? Perhaps he’s best described as a charter member of the same ruling class that in his monologue he indicted for working so intently to divide and confuse the American people.In addition to the discrete conservative factions Cass and Carlson represent, there is another dissident wing of conservatism, represented by the Niskanen Center, which attempts to appeal to moderates and centrists of both parties.“Working within the broad and diverse intellectual tradition of liberalism, we are fashioning a new synthesis that closes the rift within that tradition that emerged over the question of socialism,” Brink Lindsey, the center’s vice president for policy, wrote in an essay seeking to explain the broad goals of the organization.Lindsey, in contrast to Cass, is far more critical of the contemporary right than of the left.Over the course of the 21st century, the conservative movement, and with it the Republican Party, has fallen ever more deeply under the sway of an illiberal and nihilistic populism — illiberal in its crude exploitation of religious, racial, and cultural divisions; nihilistic in its blithe indifference to governance and the established norms and institutions of representative self-government. This malignant development made possible the nomination and election of Donald Trump, whose two years in power have only accelerated conservatism’s and the GOP’s descent into the intellectual and moral gutter.Despite his severe view of the Republican Party, Lindsey contends that the goal of the Niskanen think tank is the “reimagining of the center-right”:It is our goal to make the case for a principled center-right in American politics today that is distinctly different from either movement conservatism or its degenerate, populist offshoot.One question, of course is, what kind of policy options a center-right think tank can offer to disaffected voters on matters involving race and immigration, subjects that help drive the very polarization they regret.One of Tucker Carlson’s own primary concerns is immigration — and, as a likely subtext, race.Carlson argues that capitalism is “not a religion but a tool like a toaster or staple gun.” He is focusing attention, in fact, on the godless capitalism that Will Wilkinson of the Niskanen Center, described in “How Godless Capitalism Made America Multicultural” — a problem that Wilkinson correctly points out affects “all wealthy, liberal-democratic countries.”Wilkinson explains:The project of fashioning an ethnoreligious American identity has always been in conflict with a dominant and defining American impulse: to get rich. The United States has always been a distinctly commercial republic with expansionary, imperial impulses. High demand for workers and settlers led early on to a variegated population that encouraged the idea, largely traceable to Tom Paine, that American national identity is civic and ideological rather than racial and ethnic.Contemporary political polarization reflects the intensification of the endless struggle to integrate America and, more recently, to assimilate millions of newcomers, some legal, some not.Wilkinson addresses this conundrum:Assimilation is an issue not because it isn’t happening, but because it is. The issue is that the post-1968 immigrants and their progeny are here at all. And their successful assimilation means that American culture, and American national identity, has already been updated and transformed.This process can be very hard for some people, especially white voters over 50 (a strong Trump constituency) to accept:Swift and dramatic cultural changes can leave us with the baffled feeling that the soil in which we laid down roots has somehow become foreign. Older people who have largely lost the capacity to easily assimilate to a new culture can feel that the rug has been pulled out from under them.The result, according to Wilkinson, to whom I will give the last word, is thatrapid cultural change can make a truly common national identity hard to come by, if not impossible. It’s not clear to me how important it is to have one. But it does seem that a badly bifurcated cultural self-understanding can have very dramatic and potentially dangerous political consequences. David Cameron imperiled the integrity of the entire European Union by fundamentally misunderstanding the facts about the evolution of British national identity and putting it up for a vote. Donald Trump, you may have noticed, has called for a referendum on American national identity, and he’s getting one.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.WASHINGTON — President Trump said on Tuesday that he would consider delaying a March 2 deadline to reach a trade deal with China, saying the United States might not impose higher tariffs on Chinese goods if talks with Beijing were going well.“If we’re close to a deal where we think we can make a real deal, I could see myself letting them slide for a little while,” Mr. Trump said during remarks at the Oval Office.Mr. Trump’s comments came as American officials were in Beijing for a week of talks with Chinese officials to try to resolve a trade war that has begun to inflict economic damage on both sides of the Pacific. The two countries are trying to work out significant differences ahead of the March 2 deadline, when, the United States has said, it will increase tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods to 25 percent from 10 percent.[One potentially big obstacle in the way of reaching a deal is how the United States punishes China if it doesn’t meet its obligations.] Both Mr. Trump and his top trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer, have previously said that the deadline is a firm date and that the United States will not extend the timeline, which Mr. Trump and President Xi Jinping of China agreed upon during a dinner in Buenos Aires last year.But with many of the biggest issues unresolved and the deadline drawing near, Mr. Trump appeared ready to give both sides more time to negotiate. And he again suggested that he and Mr. Xi may ultimately needed to iron out the remaining differences before a final deal was reached.“At some point, I expect to meet with Xi and make the parts of the deal that the group is unable to make,” Mr. Trump said.The president had originally suggested that such a meeting could take place ahead of the deadline but reversed course last week, saying he would not meet with Mr. Xi before March 2.A delegation of top American trade officials, including Mr. Lighthizer and Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, arrived in Beijing this week to try to negotiate the outlines of a deal.Mr. Trump characterized those discussions as “going well” and said he thought the United States had a chance “to make a real deal.”He added that he wanted it “to be a real deal, not just a deal that looks cosmetically good for a year.”But steep challenges remain to striking an agreement that addresses the administration’s primary concerns, including China’s practice of forcing American companies to hand over valuable technology and restricting access to its market. Mr. Lighthizer, who briefed senators last week, told lawmakers that one of the biggest issues was ensuring that China followed through with whatever commitments it made. Senators told Mr. Lighthizer that they wanted the text of any agreement or memo of understanding with China to be made public.For now, China primarily appears willing to buy more American goods, like soybeans, but has not indicated how many other concessions it is prepared to make. And while both countries have expressed optimism about bridging their differences, Mr. Xi is facing pressure in China not to agree to a deal that would jeopardize his country’s economic or national security. China’s economy is growing at its slowest pace in years, in part because of the American tariffs.Mr. Trump on Tuesday again portrayed China’s economic weakness as the United States’ strength, saying it was in China’s interest to make a deal. The United States, he said, could benefit by retaining tariffs on $250 billion worth of Chinese goods, and he again inaccurately suggested that China was paying the levies.“I’m happy either way,” he said. “I could live receiving billions and billions of dollars a month from China. China never gave us 10 cents. Now they are paying billions a month for the privilege of coming into the U.S. and honestly taking advantage.”While the United States is collecting billions in tariffs, that money is not coming directly from China but from companies and customers who buy imported goods.BERLIN/WASHINGTON — The German government is set to halve its 2019 growth forecast for Europe's biggest economy, a government source told Reuters on Friday, reflecting a worsening slowdown led by a recession in the manufacturing sector.The source said the government, which will update its forecast next week, now expects the economy to grow by 0.5 percent this year, lower than a recent estimate of 0.8 percent by Germany's leading economic institutes. The government's last forecast in January was for 1 percent growth in 2019. In Washington on Friday, the president of Germany's central bank Jens Weidmann said German economic growth would slow sharply this year as trade disputes and Brexit uncertainty are weighing on exports and investment activity.The Bundesbank chief was speaking on the sidelines of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank spring meetings. The Bundesbank predicted growth of 1.6 percent as recently as December but Weidmann said the IMF's new projection of 0.8 percent for 2019 was entirely plausible, adding that recent data suggested that growth could even be slightly below that figure.German Finance Minister Olaf Scholz told a joint news conference with Weidmann that the economy was losing momentum but still growing, with private consumption and state spending expected to support overall growth this year.The government is planning income tax cuts worth 10 billion euros annually and incentives to boost corporate research and development worth 1.25 billion euros per year, Scholz said."Fiscal policy, as the minister said, is already expansionary in Germany and we estimate the impact of fiscal policy on GDP for this year to be between one quarter to one half percentage point," Weidmann said.Pointing to U.S. trade disputes and persistent uncertainty over Britain's delayed exit from the European Union, Scholz said: "The real dangers for the economy are political uncertainties and they are man-made." "The man-made risks for the economy should be abolished. If we are good politicians and we work together and cooperate, this would help a lot," he added.DOMESTIC DEMANDThe economy ministry said Germany's export-dependent manufacturers were likely to continue feeling the bite of falling orders from abroad and that growth impetus was coming mostly from the domestic market. The solid services and construction sectors should more than compensate for the downturn in manufacturing in the first quarter, the ministry added.Unresolved trade disputes, Brexit uncertainty and a sluggish world economy have hit foreign demand and hurt manufacturers. A contraction in the manufacturing sector has prompted a slowdown in the broader economy after nine years of steady growth. The government source said Economy Minister Peter Altmaier expects a growth rebound next year to 1.5 percent.In its monthly report, his ministry described a mixed picture, with services and construction in good shape but industry "going through a weak phase" due to a global slowdown.It said industrial activity would remain subdued even though the impact is fading of factors such as stricter pollution standards that are challenging car makers and last year's low water crisis on the river Rhine that disrupted deliveries.Should the slowdown in Germany worsen, pressure on the European Central Bank to provide more stimulus for the euro zone economy would grow. (Reporting by Michael Nienaber in Washington and Markus Wacket in Berlin; Writing by Joseph Nasr; Editing by Catherine Evans)WASHINGTON — Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said on Thursday the global economy will see "sufficiently high" growth next year, maintaining his optimism that his export-reliant economy will soon emerge from a soft patch as overseas headwinds dissipate.But he warned that risks to the global outlook remained, such as the fate of U.S.-China trade talks and lingering uncertainty on the path of Britain's exit from the European Union."Our baseline scenario is that the global economy will recover in the latter half of this year, and achieve sufficiently high growth next year," Kuroda told reporters upon arrival for a meeting of G20 finance leaders.Kuroda's comments underscore a dominant market view that the BOJ will hold off on ramping up stimulus at this month's rate review, despite increasing signs of weaknesses in factory output and exports.The finance leaders of the Group of 20 major economies will gather for a two-day meeting ending on Friday, where they will scrutinise various risks that forced the International Monetary Fund to slash its global economic growth forecast.Kuroda voiced hope the United States and China will soon reach a deal on trade, saying the fact they are continuing negotiations suggests the risk of a stand-off is receding."Protectionism benefits neither the United States nor China," Kuroda said."Both countries, as well as each G20 economy, must make efforts to solve problems based on the understanding that free trade under World Trade Organization rules has brought enormous benefits to the global economy," he said. (Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Andrea Ricci)WASHINGTON — The International Monetary Fund on Tuesday downgraded its outlook for growth in the United States, Europe, Japan and the overall global economy and pointed to heightened trade tensions as a key reason.The IMF expects the world economy to grow 3.3% this year, down from 3.6% in 2018. That would match 2016 for the weakest year since 2009. In its previous forecast in January, the IMF had predicted that international growth would reach 3.5% this year.For the United States, IMF economists downgraded their growth forecast for this year to 2.3% from 2.9% in 2018.The gloomier picture in the IMF's latest World Economic Outlook contributed to a selloff in stocks, with investors concerned that slower global growth could weaken corporate earnings. It comes on the eve of meetings in Washington this week of the IMF and its sister lending organization, the World Bank. Those meetings are likely to be dominated by discussions of how to combat growing risks to international growth."This is a delicate moment for the global economy," Gita Gopinath, the IMF's chief economist, said at a news conference, while cautioning that the fund does not foresee an international recession.Gopinath said it was "imperative that costly policy mistakes are avoided." In particular, she highlighted the need for the world's two biggest economies, the United States and China, to find a way to resolve their trade war, which has intensified global economic uncertainty.If trade tensions worsen, Gopinath warned that it could trigger "large disruptions in global supply chains."In Europe, the IMF expects the 19 countries that use the euro currency to expand 1.3% collectively in 2019, weaker than last year's 1.8% growth or in any year since 2013.Japan is expected to eke out 1% growth this year, up from 0.8% in 2018 but slightly down from the fund's earlier forecast.The IMF foresees the Chinese economy growing 6.3% this year, down from 6.6% in 2018. But the fund's latest 2019 outlook was a slight upgrade from the 6.2% growth it had forecast for China in January.China's prospects brightened, the fund said, after President Donald Trump decided to suspend a planned increase in tariffs on $200 billion worth of U.S.-bound Chinese exports.Still, the fund is expressing worries about tensions between the world's two biggest economies, which have traded tariffs on hundreds of billions of dollars' worth of products in a fight over China's aggressive push to supplant American technological supremacy. The prospect of Britain's messy departure from the European Union also weighs on the global economy.The IMF expects growth in world trade to drop to 3.4% this year — a sharp slowdown from the 4% it had expected in January and from 3.8% trade growth in 2018.The most active wing of the Democratic Party — the roughly 20 percent of the party’s electorate that votes in primaries and wields disproportionate influence over which issues get prioritized — has moved decisively to the left. With all the attention that is being paid to Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Ayanna Pressley, Rashida Tlaib and other new progressive voices in Congress, this may not seem like news, but we are only just beginning to realize the full significance of this shift.The Primaries Project at the Brookings Institution conducted extensive polling of 7,198 Democratic voters in the 2018 primaries and found that 60.4 percent described themselves as liberal, including 26.4 percent who said they were “very liberal.”In its most recent analysis, Gallup found that from 1994 to 2018, the percentage of all Democrats who call themselves liberal more than doubled from 25 percent to 51 percent.Over the same period, the percentage of Democratic moderates and conservatives fell steadily, with the share of moderates dropping from 48 to 34 percent, and of conservatives dropping from 25 to 13 percent. These trends began to accelerate during the administration of George W. Bush and have continued unabated during the Obama and Trump presidencies.In recent years, the internal pressures to hew to the left, driven largely by Democratic primary voters, have steadily gained strength.They include the determination to oppose all things Trump, especially his anti-immigrant policies, his racism and his religious bigotry; the rise of outspoken, well-educated liberals, many of them young; the #MeToo movement and Trump’s disrespect for women; the Occupy movement; the mobilization of anti-establishment voters by Bernie Sanders during the 2016 primaries; and the consistent exodus of more conservative white voters from the Democratic Party, supplanted by more politically liberal minority voters.The anti-establishment faction contributed significantly to the large turnout increases in Democratic primaries last year. Pew found that from 2014 to 2018, turnout in House primaries rose from 13.7 to 19.6 percent of all registered Democrats, in Senate primaries from 16.6 to 22.2 percent and in governor primaries from 17.1 to 24.5 percent.Isabel Sawhill, a senior fellow at Brookings, agrees with the analysis that core voters and activist leaders within the party are “moving leftward”:Medicare for All, free college, a universal jobs guarantee, a $15 minimum wage, an expansion of the EITC to the entire bottom half, workers on boards of directors, ending ICE, raising marginal tax rates to 70 percent are all big, bold leftist ideas and appear to be gaining currency.These “big, bold leftist ideas” pose a strategic problem for liberals and the Democratic Party, Sawhill, who published “The Forgotten Americans: An Economic Agenda for a Divided Nation” last year, wrote in an email:In my view, it’s a trade-off between exciting the base thereby insuring higher turnout vs. broadening the base to include independents and Republicans that don’t like Trump.Sawhill argues that if the goal of Democrats is victory, as opposed to ideological purity, they must focus on general election swing voters who are not die-hard Democrats.One key Democratic target, Sawhill observes, is the “well-educated, suburban women, many of them Republican, who voted for Democrats in the midterms.” Once Trump is gone, she continued, “they could easily return to their natural home in the Republican Party.”“Over the longer-term,” Sawhill continued,as millennials and minorities become an ever-larger proportion of the party, it will have a natural constituency that supports a new and bolder agenda, but the concentration of those voters in urban areas that are underrepresented in our electoral system will be a continuing drag on the party’s prospects.The extensive support among prospective Democratic presidential candidates for Medicare for All, government-guaranteed jobs and a higher minimum wage reflects the widespread desire in the electorate for greater protection from the vicissitudes of market capitalism — in response to “increasingly incomplete risk protection in an era of dramatic social change,” as the political scientist Jacob Hacker put it in “Privatizing Risk without Privatizing the Welfare State: The Hidden Politics of Social Policy Retrenchment in the United States.” Support for such protections is showing signs of becoming a litmus test for candidates running in the 2020 Democratic presidential primaries.Polling by the Pew Research Center shows sharp movement in a progressive direction on key issues among many Democrats.Take liberalized attitudes on immigration as an example. From 2008 to 2018, the percentage of Democrats who said the government should create “a way for immigrants already here illegally to become citizens if the meet certain requirements” grew from 29 to 51 percent, while the share who said “there should be better border security and stronger enforcement of immigration laws” fell from 21 to 5 percent.Similarly, the percentage of Democrats who agreed with the statement that “racial discrimination is the main reason many blacks can’t get ahead these days” rose from 28 to 64 percent from 2010 to 2017.Paul Starr, a sociology professor at Princeton, warns against putting too much stock in the ascendance of progressive Democrats. In an essay in the American Prospect, Starr argues that there were “two distinct developments” in the 2018 elections:While progressives have gained ground in long-held Democratic areas, more centrist candidates have won the more competitive districts. This second development will limit how far to the left the party can go. The more the party expands into the suburbs, the more dependent it will be on those relatively centrist votes — and that dependence will become a constraint on the policies that Democrats are able to agree on.In addition, while acknowledging the rise of the progressive wing, Starr pointed out that a separate December 2018 Gallup survey found that 54 percent of Democratic voters would prefer their party to become “more moderate,” while 41 percent said they would like the party to become “more liberal.”Along similarly cautionary lines, David Graham wrote in the Atlantic last November:There’s clear leftward movement among Democratic voters on a range of issues, and there are more progressive candidates running than ever. But this doesn’t amount, at least yet, to the socialist groundswell that advocates pine for and critics fear. The actual policy positions, and number of leftist officeholders, will remain limited — at least for now. What happens in 2020 could be more telling.Graham’s conclusion:The Democratic Party is moving left, but it might not be clear quite how far left for two or even six years. The revolution is coming more slowly than its champions hope and its critics fear.Matt Grossmann, a political scientist at Michigan State, noted in an email that the leftwardmovement is across the board on policy, ideological identification, and values, but remains furthest left on specific policy. The public movement seems to be strongest on race and gender issues as well as any proposal tied to Trump.Women, according to Grossmann, “are becoming a bigger part of the Democratic electorate and more supportive of women primary candidates.”The 2018 primary elections revealed the deepening strength of an anti-establishment insurgent faction, largely young, white and minority urban voters who turned out in droves in Democratic primaries from Omaha to Tallahassee and from the Bronx to Boston.Michael Capuano, a former mayor of Somerville, Mass. and a ten-term member of the House, learned the hard way how much the Democratic electorate has changed. As mayor in the 1990s, Capuano presided over the gentrification of the once scruffy, working class town. Initially, the city was grateful.When Capuano first won election to Congress in 1998, he owed his victory in the 10-candidate Democratic primary to his hometown. He carried Somerville with 7,852 votes, more than the total vote for all nine opponents, 6,253, while losing to other candidates in Boston, Belmont, Cambridge, Chelsea and Watertown.The impact of gentrification is striking.By 2017, 61.2 percent of Somerville’s residents 25 or older had at least a bachelor’s degree, compared with 30.9 percent nationwide. The median household income was $84,722, compared with $57,652 nationally.Somerville had moved from downscale to upscale, not to the level of Brattle Street in Cambridge or Boston’s Beacon Hill, but still many steps up the ladder.In the process, Somerville left Capuano, a white working class Democrat in the mold of Tip O’Neill, behind.In 2018, twenty years after first winning his House seat, Capuano could no longer count on Somerville. Despite his deep roots — his father had been mayor before him — the vote there was a wash. Capuano received 8,423 to 8,286 for his opponent, Ayanna Pressley, an African-American Boston city councilwomen.Pressley swept Cambridge and Boston to crush Capuano, 60,046 to 42,430 districtwide.The same pattern emerged in the widely publicized defeat of Joe Crowley, another 10-term incumbent, by Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez in the Democratic primary in a House district that straddles the Bronx and Queens.Steven Romalewski, who runs the mapping service at the CUNY Center for Urban Research, wrote me by email that “Ocasio-Cortez did best in areas such as Astoria/Steinway and Sunnyside, which happen to be more white than other parts of the district,” a point he elaborated upon in a story quoting him posted on The Intercept:You can also see that most of her votes, the strongest vote support, came from areas like Astoria in Queens and Sunnyside in Queens and parts of Jackson Heights that, number one, were not predominantly Hispanic, so they’re a more mixed population, and are areas where — this is kind of a term of art — are in the process of being gentrified, where newer people are moving in,Grace Segers, writing in July on the City & State website, noted that Crowley fell victim to gentrification and that force may upend expectations in Democratic primaries throughout Manhattan and western Brooklyn and Queens. And the rise of younger voters who are newer to their districts and unattached to incumbents could power insurgent candidates throughout New York City.David Freedlander, writing in Politico Magazine, captured the unanticipated voting patterns that gave rise to Crowley’s defeat. “Ocasio-Cortez’s best precincts,” Freedlander wrote, were highly educated, whiter and richer than the district as a whole. In those neighborhoods, Ocasio-Cortez clobbered Crowley by 70 percent or more.Conversely, Crowley did best in “the working-class African-American enclave of LeFrak City, where he got more than 60 percent of the vote.” In fact, Crowleypulled some of his best numbers in Ocasio-Cortez’s heavily Latino and African-American neighborhood of Parkchester, in the Bronx — beating her by more than 25 points on her home turf.Jerry Skurnik, a New York political consultant, describes gentrifying communities outside Manhattan as experiencing an influx of “people who really want to live in Greenwich Village but can’t afford to.”This younger, well-educated constituency — predominately but not exclusively white — is hostile to cautious establishment Democrats, especially to older white men, and they are determined to engineer an intraparty cultural and ideological insurgency.The emergence in force in 2018 of these insurgent Democrats grows in part out of the Sanders presidential campaign. Sanders mobilized millions of voters, many of whom did not want the Democrats to nominate a candidate with deep ties to party regulars and to the major donor community.Maps of primary voting patterns in 2016 and 2018 produced by CUNY’s Graduate School of Journalism and the Center for Urban Research show that Sanders beat Clinton in just a handful of New York City neighborhoods. Many of those Sanders neighborhoods are in Ocasio-Cortez’s district and they are the communities that provided her biggest margins of victory.Sanders also carried Somerville in 2016, 12,247 to 9,016, where support for Capuano imploded two years later.If the turnout patterns in the Ocasio-Cortez and Pressley districts are even modestly predictive, the Democratic Party may be changing in significant ways.Tom Kiley, who conducted polling for Capuano, described in an email the shifting makeup of the Democratic electorate in the Seventh District of Massachusetts:Mike did best among older, white, non-college educated Democrats who, for the most part, still described themselves as liberals or moderate liberals.Pressley’s base, Kiley wrote, was overwhelmingly made up of liberal, college-educated, white voters, especially those under 45 who did not have a history of voting in off-year elections. We were expecting what we considered a robust turnout of 75,000 for the day after Labor Day. In fact it ballooned to over 100,000, largely on the strength of this younger white cohort.While the Boston-Cambridge-Somerville district is far more liberal than the national average, Kiley argued that trends there are likely to be replicated in many regions of the country. “These new voters will have a major impact in the Democratic nomination process in many states,” he wrote:The desire for change in general is huge, and Trump is a powerful accelerant. I have to believe these new voters aren’t going to just retreat after electing new members of Congress; they’ll come out in droves in the primaries next year. And they’ll be voting for change.While primary voters are normally predominately committed partisans with a long history of voting, in the Pressley-Capuano contest more than half of the voters had no record of previous primary voting (24 percent) or were recorded as voting in only one previous primary (29 percent).“If the Pressley campaign was banking on turnout, they certainly cashed in,” wrote Maeve Duggan, research director at the MassINC Polling Group, in an article posted on the website of WBUR, Boston’s NPR news station.“Some 106,556 voters in the 7th Congressional District cast ballots in the 2018 Democratic primary, compared with just 61,725 in 2014,” she continued, “and among the district’s 2018 primary voters, only 37 percent had also voted” in 2014 primaries, according to voter file analysis.Duggan and the MassINC Polling Group analyzed the demographics of the first-time voters and found:They were predominantly women and young people: Fifty-five percent were women, and 66 percent were age 44 or younger (including 34 percent who were 18 to 29 years old).The surge of young voters had a powerful impact, increasingthe overall proportion of voters 44 or younger from 25 percent in 2014 to 42 percent in 2018. Combining age and gender, women ages 18 to 29 made up the largest group of new voters, at 20 percent.The new voters, she found, “were more likely to be Asian or Hispanic, compared with the 7th’s repeat voters,” but, she noted, the state’s only majority-minority congressional district “still has a predominantly white voting base.”A July 2018 pre-election survey of voters in the Capuano-Pressley district conducted by WBUR-MassINC makes clear the importance of growing political participation among young voters. The survey found striking generational differences not only on the candidates but on issues.18-to-29-year-olds favored Pressley over Capuano 41-23 while those over 60 backed Capuano 59-28. Asked if they would be more or less likely to support a candidate who “made abolishing ICE a major priority,” young voters said “more likely” by 48-18 while older voters said it would make them “less likely” by 25-23.Both young and old supported a national health care program, but the margin of support versus oppose was larger (90-2) among young voters than among their elders (71-16).In a postelection analysis of the Ocasio-Cortez-Crowley contest, the Global Strategy Group found:White gentrified liberal areas went big for AOC and surged. Younger, white liberal areas contributed heavily to the margin of Ocasio-Cortez’s victory. Ocasio-Cortez won Hispanics.At the same time, according to their analysis, voters Crowley thought he could depend upon — “expected people, especially older primary voters — did not show up.”Joshua M. Zeitz, a historian whose most recent book is “Building the Great Society: Inside Lyndon Johnson’s White House,” argues that contemporary Democratic progressives are not insurgents, but in full accord with party tradition.In an essay in Politico, “Democrats Aren’t Moving Left. They’re Returning to Their Roots,” Zeitz argued thatWhat pundits today decry as a radical turn in Democratic policy and politics actually finds its antecedents in 1944. With the country fully mobilized for war, President Franklin Roosevelt called for “a second Bill of Rights … an economic Bill of Rights” that would entitle all Americans to a “useful and remunerative job,” “the right to earn enough to provide adequate food and clothing and recreation,” the “right … to a decent home,” “the right to adequate medical care” and the “right to a good education.”Sawhill looks at the ideological shifts in the Democratic electorate less from a historical perspective and more as a response to contemporary economic and social dislocation. Among both conservatives and liberals, Sawhill argued, there is “an intellectual awakening about the flaws of modern capitalism” — a recognition of the failings of “neoliberalism, the idea that a market economy with a few light guardrails is the best way to organize a society.” This intellectual climate may result in greater receptivity among voters to more radical proposals.The willingness of voters to support Democrats who are pushing initiatives like these will depend in large part, however, on the ability of candidates to assure the general electorate that their agenda is beneficial to all and not just to favored liberal constituencies. This will be difficult, given the fact that what is being proposed is a much larger role for government, and that those who are most in need of government support are in the bottom half of the income distribution and disproportionately minority — in a country with a long racist history. As a presidential candidate, Barack Obama was able to overcome this barrier twice, but the challenge should not be minimized.I invite you to follow me on Twitter, @Edsall.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.BERLIN — The German government is expected to halve its economic growth forecast for 2019 to 0.5 percent from 1.0 percent due to weaker exports in the wake of global trade tensions, the news magazine Der Spiegel reported late on Thursday.It said the new forecast for Europe's largest economy, which is to be released next Wednesday, could still change marginally.The government expects gross domestic product to grow by 1.5 percent in 2020, partly because of positive calendar effects from four public holidays falling on weekends, Spiegel reported. Germany's leading economic institutes last week also revised down their 2019 growth forecast to 0.8 percent from a previous estimate of 1.9 percent.New data released this week showed that German exports and imports had fallen more than expected in February.Germany's economy is facing headwinds from a slowing world economy, global trade disputes and the threat of Britain leaving the European Union without a deal. Its manufacturing sector is in recession as exporters bear the brunt of weaker demand.The export-dependent economy has been relying on consumption and state spending for growth, helped by a solid labour market and low interest rates, but last year posted its weakest growth rate in five years.The weaker growth forecast will inform Germany's tax forecast, to be released in May. (Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Kevin Liffey)The consequences of a run-in with the law can persist for decades after the formal sentence has been served. People with records face major barriers to employment, housing and education, effectively condemning them to second-class citizenship.In recent years, criminal justice reform efforts have increasingly focused on finding policy tools that can lower these barriers. The most powerful potential lever is the expungement of criminal convictions, which seals them from public view, removes them from databases, and neutralizes most of their legal effects.At least 36 states have laws allowing expungement, but they tend to be narrow in scope. Whether it’s allowed typically depends on the number of convictions and the type of crime; people usually have to wait years after completing their sentences and go through an elaborate process to have their records cleared. In the past year there’s been an explosion of activity on this front, however. In late February, an especially ambitious bill was introduced in the California Legislature, allowing automatic expungement of misdemeanors and minor felonies after completion of a sentence. In Utah, an automatic expungement bill is awaiting the governor’s signature. These developments follow on the heels of the first major automatic expungement law, which passed in Pennsylvania last summer. Reflecting the changing politics surrounding criminal justice, the movement for these reforms has attracted a bipartisan coalition, creating a real possibility that more states around the country could pass similar laws. Still, such efforts must overcome the primary objection of critics: that employers, landlords and others have a public safety interest in knowing the criminal records of those they interact with.For many years, debates about expungement laws have been missing something critical: hard data about their effects. But this week, we released the results of the first major empirical study of expungement laws. Michigan, where our data came from, has an expungement law that exemplifies the traditional nonautomatic approach.Our analysis produced some good news and some bad news — but all of the findings strongly support efforts to expand the availability of expungement.The good news is that people who get expungements tend to do very well. We found that within a year, on average, their wages go up by more than 20 percent, after controlling for their employment history and changes in the Michigan economy. This gain is mostly driven by unemployed people finding work and minimally employed people finding steadier positions.This finding is especially encouraging because some skeptics have argued that expungement can’t work in the age of Google — that the criminal-record genie can’t be put back in the bottle. We have no doubt that this is sometimes true: People with expunged records may sometimes be haunted by online mug shots, for instance. Even so, many others do benefit.In addition, contrary to the fears of critics, people with expunged records break the law again at very low rates. Indeed, we found that their crime rates are considerably lower than those of Michigan’s general adult population. That may be in part because expungement reduces recidivism. But another likely reason is that expungement recipients aren’t high risk to begin with. Like most states, Michigan requires a waiting period before expungement (five years after a person’s last interaction with law enforcement). Research in criminology indicates that people with records who go several years without another conviction are unlikely to offend again.To be sure, if expanded laws cut down waiting periods or otherwise loosened eligibility requirements, the broader pools of recipients might have a higher baseline crime risk. But even then, there’s simply no reason to believe that expungement would increase those baseline crime risks. Again, if anything, access to jobs, housing and other benefits should reduce overall levels of crime.So here’s the bad news: Hardly anyone gets expungements. According to information Michigan State Police provided to us, Michigan grants about 2,500 a year — but that’s a drop in the bucket compared to the number of criminal convictions there each year. Precise numbers are hard to come by, but we estimate that there are hundreds of thousands annually. Relatively few people with records meet the legal requirements — but that’s not the only problem. Even among those who do qualify, we found that only 6.5 percent received expungements within five years of becoming eligible. Michigan judges have discretion to reject applications, but that’s not the big reason for this low rate. Rather, over 90 percent of those eligible don’t even apply.Given the large potential benefits of expungement, why wouldn’t someone apply? We interviewed expungement lawyers and advocates for people with records, whose insights pointed to a clear set of explanations. Most people don’t know they can get an expungement, or don’t know how to do it, and don’t have lawyers to advise them. The process is long and complicated, requiring visits to police stations and courthouses. The fees and costs (which in Michigan usually total close to $100, not including transportation and time away from work) are a barrier for people in poverty. And people with records have often had painful experiences with the criminal justice system, making the prospect of returning to it for any reason daunting.The low  rate of applications for expungement is consistent with broader findings about the difficulties that poor and middle-class Americans face in dealing with the legal system. When the state makes it too hard or costly for citizens to exercise a right or opportunity, it’s not that different from denying that right or opportunity. Most people won’t be able to jump through all those hoops.The policy upshot of our research is clear: Obtaining an expungement should be made as simple as possible. Ideally, states should follow the approach of Pennsylvania and the new California and Utah bills, and make expungement automatic once the legal requirements are met.Our results suggest that expungement is a powerful tool for improving outcomes for people with records, without risk (and possibly with benefits) to public safety. But lawmakers need to make it much easier for people to actually use that tool and get a fresh start to life. J. J. Prescott and Sonja B. Starr are professors at the University of Michigan Law School. The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.WASHINGTON — The Group of 20 industrialized nations agreed on the need to take timely policy action to ensure that heightening risks do not prolong a global economic slowdown, Japan's central bank governor said on Friday.Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said that while the global economy was likely to rebound in the latter half of this year, the risks of a further downturn were rising due to uncertainty over issues such as the U.S.-China trade dispute."There was a shared understanding among the G20 members that each country needs to take timely policy action," Kuroda told a news conference after the end of a two-day meeting of G20 finance leaders and central bank chiefs in Washington."We need to be mindful of the risks to global growth. G20 countries must ensure they don't take steps that heighten risks, and instead take steps to lessen them," he said.Japanese Finance Minister Taro Aso also said the balance of risks to the global economic outlook were skewed to the downside due to the possibility of escalating trade tensions and lingering political risks."We recognise the risk that growth prospects might deteriorate if weakening in key economies feed into each other, given the heightened uncertainties across the global economy," Aso said at the news conference.Aso added that excessive global imbalances posed risks to the global economy and needed to be addressed multilaterally, rather than on a bilateral basis.As the chair country of this year's G20 gatherings, Japan wants to deepen talks on global imbalances, an effort to divert Washington's attention from bilateral trade imbalances and stave off U.S. pressure to negotiate two-way trade deals.The G20 countries did not issue a communique after their gathering, which was held on the sidelines of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank spring meetings. (Additional reporting by Jason Lange; Editing by Paul Simao)Last year looked like the time when President Trump had delivered on his promises to strengthen the economy. His tax cuts appeared to juice growth above 3 percent, a pace the United States had not topped since 2005. But on Thursday the Commerce Department revised 2018 growth downward to below 3 percent, even as forecasts for 2019 were also trending lower, toward 2 percent. It all has triggered another wave of disappointed commentary about doggedly “slow” growth in the United States.But it is not just an American story, and it’s not just Mr. Trump who won’t deliver on promises of 3, 4 or even 5 percent growth. Across the world, economists have had to downgrade growth forecasts in most years since the global financial crisis of 2008.Defying the hopeful projections, Japan has rarely grown faster than 1 percent. Europe has struggled to sustain growth faster than 1.5 percent. No one quite knows how fast China is growing, but it’s clear that there, too, the economy is slowing. So why is the dismal science suddenly guilty of issuing overly optimistic forecasts that set the whole world up for disappointment?Economists keep basing forecasts on trends established during the postwar miracle years, when growth was boosted by expanding populations, rising productivity and exploding debt. But population and productivity growth had stagnated by 2008, and the financial crisis put a sudden end to the debt binge. The miracle is over.Politicians often promise to bring back a golden age, but serious economists also are encouraging a similar illusion. Even during the Industrial Revolution, in the 19th century, the world economy rarely grew faster than 2.5 percent a year, until the post-World War II baby boom began to rapidly expand the labor force. After 1950, the combination of more workers and more output per worker lifted the pace of global growth to 4 percent. Economists came to think 4 percent was “normal.”Yet by last decade, the baby boom had faded out from Europe to Japan and China. Even in the United States, younger and faster-growing than most developed countries, growth in the working-age population slowed to a mere 0.2 percent last year from 1.2 percent in the early 2000s. Because fewer workers correlates directly with slower growth, that decrease implied a 1-point drop in economic growth.Roughly, economists should have expected that United States economic growth would slow to 2 percent from 3 percent — and it has. This is the new normal for the American economy. Stimulus measures like the Trump tax cuts can lift growth above this path, but at best temporarily, at the risk of higher deficits and debt.For political leaders, the new age of slow growth is not a problem to solve; it’s a reality they need to accept and explain to the public. Because it’s just not that bad.When populations are growing slowly, the economy doesn’t need to grow as fast to keep incomes high. Thus in the United States this decade, growth in gross domestic product per capita has slowed much more gradually than the overall economy, by half a point, to an average of 1.4 percent. And though Mr. Trump likes to boast about how well the United States is doing against developed rivals, Europe has been growing just as fast in per capita terms this decade, and Japan has been growing slightly faster. In a rich country, that is fast enough to satisfy most people: Indeed, surveys show that Americans have rarely been more confident about the economy.Slower growth in the working-age population also means less competition for jobs worldwide, which goes a long way to explaining why unemployment is now at record lows not only in the United States but also in Germany and Japan. Surely that’s not a bad thing.Whatever politicians tell the public, their attempts to bring back the miracle years are ill advised. Growth in the economy is driven by growth in the number of workers and in output per worker, or productivity. But since the postwar surges of 1950s and 60s, productivity growth has slowed, also defying government efforts to lift it.For a time, the global economy kept motoring along anyway, fueled by a surge in debt. In the 1980s, central banks began winning the war on inflation, which allowed them to drop interest rates sharply. Lower borrowing costs unleashed a worldwide binge that saw debt surging from 100 percent of global gross domestic product in the late 1980s to 300 percent by 2008.Then the global financial crisis hit, ruining many private borrowers and lenders, many of whom are still wary of taking on new debt. After growing faster than the economy for three decades, debt growth in many countries, including the United States, has fallen back in line with economic growth. Even China, the one major country that dodged the crisis and experienced a surge in lending after 2008, is now reluctant to build on the mountain of debt that already weighs down its economy.So the postwar miracle is over. Economic growth is weighed down by the baby bust and the debt hangover. Yet because economists continue to base forecasts on miracle rates of growth — 4 percent for the world, 3 percent for the United States — policymakers keep fighting to hit these targets. This is very risky.There are growing calls from economists on both the right and the left to lower interest rates, or increase government spending, to boost growth even if that risks higher inflation. At the Federal Reserve, too, there is an emerging view that letting inflation rise above 2 percent, long considered a red line, may not be unwise.The underlying assumption seems to be that policymakers must take action because 2 percent G.D.P. growth is intolerably slow. But must they? The confidence surveys suggest Americans are quite content with record-low unemployment, benign inflation and 1.4 percent growth in gross domestic product per capita. Why then the rush to pump more money into the economy, which risks rekindling its debt problems and inflation?The world does not need more debt and more inflation to counter trends of declining population growth and high indebtedness. Instead, economists need to adjust their forecasts and politicians need to rethink their polices to match this reality. Because trying to recreate a bygone golden age is a shaky way to build the future.Ruchir Sharma, a contributing opinion writer, is chief global strategist at Morgan Stanley Investment Management and author of, most recently, “Democracy on the Road: A 25-Year Journey Through India.” The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.THE CASE FOR TRUMP By Victor Davis HansonI had expected that “The Case for Trump” would be an argument for why Donald Trump has been a good president, but it’s mostly about why Trump won in 2016, and its analysis, based on old polling and news clips, is interminable, marred by some cable-news-style exaggeration (Trump’s election foes are repeatedly characterized as being for “open borders”) and not particularly original. Victor Davis Hanson does, however, explain in passing and in the book’s concluding two chapters why he thinks Trump has been a good president, and this argument has some genuine merit and originality.In his preface, Hanson quotes approvingly Henry Kissinger’s judgment of Trump: “I think Trump may be one of those figures in history who appears from time to time to mark the end of an era and to force it to give up its old pretense.” That is true of Trump, as it was of Kissinger’s boss, Richard Nixon. Trump took office at a time when the early promise of globalization had foundered; when the purpose of the American alliance system was in doubt; when glowing projections of liberal democracy in Russia and China had proved dead wrong; and when America was mired in unwinnable wars.He spoke to these challenges in his campaign. His language was brutal, crude and sometimes racist or xenophobic, but in contrast to some of his opponents, he acknowledged the loss of more than two million manufacturing jobs to Chinese competition, the propensity of American companies to move abroad in search of lower wages and the continued difficulty of policing the country’s southern border. But the question is: What as president has he done about these things?ImageHanson, who is a retired classics professor and a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution, compares Trump to a tragic hero, who, crippled by “an innate flaw,” suffers a sorry end, but in the meantime does incredible good. Hanson acknowledges Trump’s “tweeting … feuding … unbridled and often vicious speech, even his fast and loose relationship with the truth.” He writes that “Trump likely will end in one of two fashions, both not particularly good: either spectacular but unacknowledged accomplishments followed by ostracism when he is out of office and no longer useful, or, less likely, a single term due to the eventual embarrassment of his beneficiaries, as if his utility is no longer worth the wages of his perceived crudity.”In line with the first of these alternatives, Hanson believes that what Trump “accomplished in his first 20 months in office was undeniably impressive.” Hanson credits Trump with ramping up the economy and lowering unemployment through tax cuts and deregulation. He praises Trump for forcing China and Europe into trade negotiations, pulling out of the Paris climate change and Iran nuclear agreements, moving the American embassy to Jerusalem (“Trump blew up the Israeli-Palestinian deadlock”) and “squeezing” North Korea through sanctions. “It was hard to see,” Hanson writes, “how U.S. relations with key allies or deterrent stances against enemies were not improved since the years of the Obama administration, at least in the sense that there was no more naïve Russian reset.”Except for detailing Trump’s success in boosting the economy, Hanson does not argue these points against obvious objections. Pulling out of Paris? Hanson at one point describes global warming as an “apparition,” but he cites no scientific evidence for this or any justification for abandoning international agreements to limit carbon emissions. Improved relations with allies? What about our European allies? Or Canada? As for the Iran deal, he claims that “most experts had known that the Obama-led Iran deal was unworkable and thus unsustainable,” but by my count the most prominent thought otherwise. I am not saying that Trump did nothing that was impressive — he has definitely gone beyond his predecessors in contesting China’s trade practices — but that many of the things Hanson cites as “undeniably impressive” need justification, at least if Hanson intended his book to be read by people who don’t already agree with its bald assertions.Like other political analysts, Hanson portrays the 2016 election as a contest between “two Americas” — an affluent coastal elite and a hinterland that had been flattened by globalization as “jobs and commerce were outsourced to lower-cost Asia and Latin America.” Trump was the voice of the hinterland. The “insidious decline of the Rust Belt by 2016 was the embryo of Donald Trump’s candidacy.” Of course, Trump also attracted conventional Republicans in Kansas or Arizona who simply saw him as preferable to Hillary Clinton, but the blue-collar voters in states like Wisconsin that had previously gone Democratic were the key to his victory. They liked what he said about trade and immigration and his defiance of political correctness. “Trump’s own uncouthness,” Hanson writes, “was in its own manner contextualized by his supporters as a long overdue pushback to the elite disdain and indeed hatred shown them.”Most of Hanson’s book was written before the 2018 election and does not seem to have been substantially revised in the light of the Republican defeats. He predicts that the Midwest, where Democrats did pretty well in 2018, “is insidiously becoming another red-state South.” In his epilogue, based on early estimates, Hanson discounts the 2018 results, writing that the Democrats “in strictly statistical terms had done historically not all that much better than most opposition parties in a president’s first term.” But since 1946, the average loss of the presidential party has been 25 not 40 seats, and in most of these instances, the economy was not booming. In 1998, when it was booming, Bill Clinton’s Democrats gained five seats. That suggests that of the two alternatives Hanson offers, the one that he deems the less likely, “a single term due to the eventual embarrassment of his beneficiaries,” may prove to be his tragic hero’s fate.BERLIN — German exports and imports both fell more than expected in February, data showed on Monday, in the latest sign that Europe's largest economy is likely to post meagre growth in the first quarter amid increased headwinds from abroad.German exporters are suffering from a slowing world economy, trade disputes and Brexit angst. Leading economic institutes last week slashed their forecast for 2019 growth and warned a long-term upswing had come to an end.The Federal Statistics Office said seasonally adjusted exports were down by 1.3 percent on the month, the biggest drop in 12 months, while imports fell 1.6 percent.The trade surplus edged up to 18.7 billion euros (£16 billion) from a revised 18.6 billion euros the previous month.A Reuters poll of economists had pointed to a 0.5 percent decrease in exports and a 0.7 percent decline in imports. The trade surplus was expected to narrow to 18.0 billion euros."There simply seem to be too many crises in global trade for the German export sector to defy all of them at the same time," Carsten Brzeski from ING said.He pointed to the trade dispute between the United States and China, growing fears of a no-deal Brexit, a possible cooling of the Chinese economy and problems in other emerging markets.Data released last weak showed German industrial orders fell by the biggest margin in more than two years in February. However, industrial output rose slightly more than expected in the same month as mild weather helped a surge in construction.Germany is in its 10th year of economic expansion, but narrowly skirted a recession at the end of last year and posted its weakest growth rate in five years in 2018.The German government will update its growth forecast later this month. In January, Berlin said it expected the economy to grow by 1.0 percent this year. (Reporting by Michael Nienaber; Editing by Michelle Martin)WASHINGTON — World leaders may need to coordinate fiscal stimulus if the global economy slows sharply, the chief economist at the International Monetary Fund said on Tuesday.IMF chief economist Gita Gopinath said the global lender still thinks global growth will re-accelerate next year but risks abound. "This is a delicate moment for the global economy," she said in a news conference. (Reporting by Jason Lange and David Lawder; Editing by Paul Simao)This article is part of David Leonhardt’s newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it each weekday.For a decade now, the people whose job it is to predict the economy’s performance have made the same mistake, again and again and again. They have been too optimistic.The pattern started during the 2007-09 financial crisis, of course. But it didn’t end there. In the immediate aftermath, the Federal Reserve was too quick to see “green shoots” sprouting across the economy. And in the years since, forecasters at both the Fed and in the private sector have repeatedly made forecasts that turned out to be too sunny.A chart that runs with my column today shows this pattern.[Listen to “The Argument” podcast every Thursday morning, with Ross Douthat, Michelle Goldberg and David Leonhardt.]It’s an important one, because it helps debunk the notion that the American economy is now enjoying an economic boom. If it were really a boom, the economy wouldn’t keep falling short of the experts’ predictions.I was inspired to dig into these forecasts — and the errors in them — after reading a new academic paper last week, by Lawrence Summers, the former Treasury secretary, and Lukasz Rachel, of the Bank of England. That paper is part of Summers’s continuing argument that the economy is suffering from something called “secular stagnation.” The economy isn’t simply enduring a slow recovery from the crisis. Its problems are deeper, as I lay out in the column.More on ‘Secular Stagnation’ “The core of the problem is that there is not enough private investment to absorb, at normal interest rates, all the private saving,” Summers wrote last week in a Washington Post op-ed. “The result is extremely low interest rates, weak demand, and low growth and inflation, along with the bidding up of the price of existing capital assets.” Summers also explained his “secular stagnation” theory in a WBUR segment last week. “Without the push of stimulative monetary or fiscal policy — or both — the U.S. economy will probably slow and the unemployment rate will rise,” wrote Jared Bernstein, also in The Washington Post, on the same broad subject. “The Democrats’ progressive agenda is not only a response to the upward redistribution that Republicans have successfully pushed since President Ronald Reagan. It is also a coherent and essential response to underlying stagnation that has grown to plague advanced economies.” My colleague Paul Krugman has also weighed in. Ben Bernanke, the former Federal Reserve chairman, has criticized the secular-stagnation theory, as Vox’s Matt Yglesias chronicled in 2015.Waiting for MuellerRegular readers may recall that Quinta Jurecic of Lawfare wrote this newsletter for a week last summer while I was on break. Over the weekend, she published a handy guide to the upcoming — or so we all assume — Mueller report.CorrectionI misspelled the last name of Jordan Weissmann, the Slate economics writer, in a newsletter last week. It has two n’s, not one. If you are not a subscriber to this newsletter, you can subscribe here. You can also join me on Twitter (@DLeonhardt) and Facebook.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.LONDON — Global economic growth is slowing, according to the International Monetary Fund, policymakers and hundreds of economists polled by Reuters - but that downturn is coming at a time when central banks' arsenals are running on empty.On Tuesday, the IMF cut its expectations for world growth to its lowest level since 2016, its third downgrade since October, and said risks to the global financial system have grown over the past six months."This is a delicate moment for the global economy," IMF chief economist Gita Gopinath told a news conference.Major central banks have reined in their forecasts, and in recent months economists in Reuters polls have repeatedly trimmed their expectations for the countries they cover."Last week's releases provide some reassurance that the world economy is not falling off a cliff, which had seemed a plausible, if relatively small, risk as recently as a month or so ago. This is clearly good news," said Neil Shearing, group chief economist at Capital Economics."But we remain in the late stages of this global economic expansion. Springtime inevitably brings with it an air of optimism for the future – but in the case of the world economy at least, we expect growth to remain subdued."Rising trade protectionism and tighter financial conditions have been blamed for the slowdown. Uncertainty over how to practically implement Britain's June 2016 decision to quit the European Union has also played its part.Trade conflict with the United States and sluggish demand means China's economic growth is expected to slow to a near 30-year low of 6.2 percent this year, a Reuters poll showed on Friday.While still waging a trade war against China that is widely regarded as harmful to global growth, U.S. President Donald Trump has now threatened to slap tariffs on $11 billion of products from the EU.Those threats come as British politicians continue to struggle to agree on a way to leave the EU. A messy exit would almost certainly further damage the economies of both sides in the divorce, with the impact likely spreading further afield.In the early hours of Thursday, EU leaders gave Britain six more months to leave the bloc. But the latest extension still offers little clarity on when, how or even if Brexit will happen.British Prime Minister Theresa May has so far failed to build support in the UK parliament for the withdrawal terms she agreed with the EU last year, but she now has until Oct 31 to do that or find an alternative course."Brexit was originally supposed to have occurred two weeks ago but the intractability of the problem coupled with political incompetence on the part of the UK means that it has been postponed yet again," said Peter Dixon, an economist at Commerzbank."The scope for lifting Brexit-related uncertainty is thus limited, which suggests little prospect of a sustainable rebound in either the economy or sterling."THE CUPBOARD WAS BAREWhat appears to be a globally synchronized economic slowdown comes as central banks run out of tools for supporting growth.After the 2008 financial crisis policymakers slashed interest rates - sometimes below zero - and also turned to more unconventional measures to boost growth, such as pumping trillions of dollars into economies.But as inflation has never really picked up, many of them have yet to change tack and start tightening.The U.S. Federal reserve led the pack and has hiked rates nine times in the current cycle, but it is probably now done with increases until at least the end of next year.The Bank of England has lifted Bank Rate twice since the June 2016 referendum, but borrowing costs remain very close to record lows and expectations for a rate hike later this year are far from set in stone.The European Central Bank, already on its longest break from changing interest rates, may have missed its chance to raise them this time around altogether. According to a median forecast in a Reuters poll, the first increase won't come until after June next year.On Wednesday, ECB President Mario Draghi even raised the prospect of more support for the struggling euro zone economy if its slowdown persisted, saying the central bank had "plenty of instruments" with which to react.However, one problem is that after pushing borrowing costs to record lows and taking 2.6 trillion euros' worth of bonds out of the market, the ECB's options are limited and there are fears what it has will not be enough."Market pricing is expressing more anxiety that the ECB is either too slow to use whatever is left in its policy toolbox or – worse – that it thinks the tools won't do much anyway," said Laurence Mutkin, global head of G10 rates strategy at BNP Paribas. (Reporting by Jonathan Cable; Editing by Hugh Lawson)LONDON — A customs union with the European Union would not work for Britain's economy if it restricted its ability to influence trade policy and strike deals independently, foreign minister Jeremy Hunt said on Wednesday."A customs union would not work for a large economy the size of the UK ... I don't think it's the right solution," Hunt told ITV's Peston program, adding he did not know if talks with the opposition party Labour Party, which backs a customs union, would solve the Brexit impasse. (Reporting by Alistair Smout, editing by Elizabeth Piper)The Labor Department released a proposal on Monday that would limit claims against big companies for employment-law violations by franchisees or contractors.The proposal seeks to define when, for example, employees of a locally owned McDonald’s restaurant could challenge the McDonald’s Corporation over compliance with minimum-wage and overtime laws.The proposal, which will require a 60-day public comment period before it can be finalized, could affect the ability of millions of workers to pursue wage claims under a concept called joint employment.Franchisees and contractors can be small, poorly capitalized operations, complicating efforts to recover wages that were illegally denied. Instead, those efforts are often directed at large companies with whom those employers have relationships.“This proposal will reduce uncertainty over joint employer status and clarify for workers who is responsible for their employment protections,” the labor secretary, Alexander Acosta, said in a statement.[In an abrupt shift, McDonald’s said last week that it would no longer lobby against minimum-wage increases.]The proposal is a sharp departure from the joint-employer criteria that the Labor Department laid out in 2016 under the Obama administration. Under those guidelines, a company like McDonald’s could be held liable for minimum-wage violations committed by a franchisee even if it did not directly supervise workers or hire and fire them. Exerting some forms of indirect control — like providing software or developing policies on which a franchisee relies — could make the larger corporation liable.The Obama Labor Department also argued that corporations could be joint employers even without exercising control over a franchisee or contractor, simply because the smaller companies were economically dependent on them — for example, because the “upstream” company at the top of the supply chain provided facilities and handled payroll for a contractor.The new proposal substantially restricts the situations in which a franchiser like McDonald’s would be considered liable. In an example laid out by the Labor Department, a global hotel brand would not be held liable for minimum-wage and overtime violations that a local franchisee committed, even if the franchisee relied on a variety of material provided by the hotel chain, such as sample employment applications and sample employee handbooks.“Through this proposal, the Department of Labor has the chance to undo one of the most harmful regulatory actions from the past administration and replace it with a rule that creates certainty for America’s 733,000 franchise businesses,” Matthew Haller, a senior vice president at the International Franchise Association, said in a statement.“An expanded joint employer standard has held back tens of billions of dollars in economic output each year due to a proliferation of frivolous lawsuits, precipitating significant changes to the way franchise brands interact with their local owners,” he said.According to the new proposal, four factors are involved in establishing joint employment: whether the upstream company exercises the power to hire and fire employees, whether it supervises them and controls their schedules, whether it sets their pay and whether it keeps up their employment records.If a company doesn’t engage in most or all of these activities, it is unlikely that it would be deemed a joint employer.Critics accused the department of laying out a step-by-step guide to employers seeking to get off the hook for violations even when they have substantial control over workers hired by their franchisees and contractors.“It has provided such an obvious road map for employers to evade liability,” said Sharon Block, a former top official in the Obama Labor Department who is executive director of the Labor and Worklife Program at Harvard Law School. “But that’s going to introduce tremendous uncertainty into the lives of American workers who are subject to these business models.”Ms. Block said that the legality of the regulation was likely to be challenged once it was finalized, and that courts could refuse to be bound by it.The proposal comes at a moment of political peril for Mr. Acosta, who has been dogged by allegations that his office negotiated an unduly lenient plea agreement in a sex-trafficking case while he was the United States attorney in South Florida more than a decade ago. The defendant, the financier Jeffrey E. Epstein, was accused of sex offenses involving girls as young as 14 but pleaded guilty to more minor prostitution charges.Some Democrats have called for Mr. Acosta’s resignation, and some Republicans have called for investigations into the matter.Mr. Acosta has been viewed as especially vulnerable partly because a constituency that can normally be rallied to support a Republican labor secretary — business groups and management lawyers — has complained that he has been slow to step back from important Obama-era policies and offer alternatives that are friendlier to business.A Labor Department spokeswoman defended the agency’s record, citing data showing that it achieved the second-largest cost savings of any department through its deregulatory efforts during the last fiscal year, behind the Department of Health and Human Services.Some of those employer concerns have subsided after Labor Department efforts in recent weeks, first with a plan on overtime eligibility, which signals a partial retreat from an Obama-era rule that a court had struck down, and now with the joint-employer proposal.The latest proposal is part of a broader debate, also playing out at the National Labor Relations Board, over when employers should be held liable for violations committed by franchisees and contractors.Because the board oversees the right to unionize and take other types of collective action, its joint-employer doctrine determines whether companies are liable when, say, a franchisee illegally fires a worker in retaliation for trying to organize a union.Under the doctrine set by the board during the Obama administration, a company is considered a joint employer if it exercises direct or indirect control over workers hired by a franchisee or contractor.But the board, now with a Republican majority, is considering a proposal to narrow the standard so that control would have to be “substantial, direct and immediate.”Tammy McCutchen, a lawyer at the management-side law firm Littler Mendelson who was a top labor official in the George W. Bush administration, said she believed that the two agencies were effectively synchronizing their joint-employment rules so that companies would face comparable standards of liability regardless of the type of violation.She also argued that the Labor Department was essentially returning to a pre-Obama doctrine affirmed many times by federal courts. The Obama-era Labor Department was “cherry-picking” to find legal precedent for its position, Ms. McCutchen said.But David Weil, the Obama administration official whose division produced the 2016 guidance on the topic, said whatever their rulings, courts had typically acknowledged that the law required the Labor Department to use a fairly broad standard. Such a standard, he said, considers on-the-ground realities rather than merely the kind of narrow and formal checklist in the department’s new proposal.“The idea that it’s so simple defies logic,” Mr. Weil said.ISTANBUL — President Tayyip Erdogan's losses in local elections have dented investors' hopes that Turkey will adopt painful reforms they say are needed to stabilize the economy as he moves to shore up his political base.Erdogan's Islamist-rooted AK Party (AKP), in power nationally since 2002, lost control of the capital Ankara and the business hub Istanbul in the March 31 polls, initial results showed. The AKP has demanded recounts in both cities.Turkish Finance Minister Berat Albayrak, who is Erdogan's son-in-law, is expected this week to announce to jittery foreign investors the structural reforms he hopes will revive an economy plagued by high inflation and a fragile currency. State-owned Anadolu news agency said the announcement would be on Wednesday.After a currency crisis last year that saw the lira lose nearly 30 percent of its value, economists say Turkey needs to make long-term commitments to increase exports, relieve debt-laden companies and free up the central bank to do its job.Erdogan, who campaigned hard ahead of the vote, said on election night the AKP would now refocus on the economy.But many analysts are skeptical about the chances for a comprehensive reform plan, especially after the elections, and fear the AKP will opt instead for short-term stimulus measures that fail to tackle, and may even exacerbate, deeper weaknesses."The AKP base want more pro-growth measures, they want more fiscal measures, they want lower inflation. It is exactly what they (the AKP) did before the elections and it will have to continue if (Erdogan) wants to remain popular," said Guillaume Tresca, senior emerging markets strategist at Credit Agricole. "I would not expect concrete reforms, it will be just words."BOOM AND BUSTAt the heart of Turkey's economic malaise is years of cheap foreign funding that drove a construction-driven boom. Once the lira collapsed, firms could not pay off debts and that exposed their lenders and employees to default and bankruptcy.As the economy tipped into recession last year, the lira stabilized and inflation dipped a bit from a 15-year high of 25 percent, offering some relief.But a series of ad hoc measures have stoked investors' concerns that Turkey is not fully committed to letting its currency float freely or to allowing the central bank to keep interest rates high - at 24 percent since September - for as long as needed to bring inflation down from 20 percent. To help hard-pressed Turks this year, the government launched discount fruit and vegetable stands and extended tax cuts on some goods. To tackle a lira meltdown last month, it ordered banks to choke off lira funding to a London foreign-exchange market and tapped into central bank reserves. "It looks like the Erdogan instinct is to survive," said Nihat Bulent Gultekin, a former Turkish central bank governor and now a professor at the University of Pennsylvania."I don't think they have any long-term objectives. It would require a constant focus on the economy for an extended period of time."HARD TO SWALLOWAlbayrak has given few details of the coming reforms, saying only that they would address a wide range of issues.The lira has settled down in recent days after its pre-election volatility and analysts say Albayrak's reforms will help determine whether volatility returns. "The market expects concrete measures to address economic imbalances accompanied by a specific timetable," said Piotr Matys, emerging markets forex strategist at Rabobank.Moody's said "the credibility and effectiveness" of reforms will be key to Turkey's credit profile, which the ratings agency downgraded in August. "There is a risk that the government will embark on even more expensive stimulus programs as it begins to recognize the extent of the economic downturn," it said. Investors and economists say Ankara needs a plan to recapitalize banks dealing with corporate restructuring and non-performing loans, which could more than double this year. It should also boost competitive export sectors such as auto and textile manufacturing in order to lower its annual current account deficit, which leaves the economy reliant on speculative foreign inflows, they say."We need to provide the right training and the right subsidies to the right sectors," Selva Demiralp, professor at Istanbul's Koc University. The reforms would take time and "there will be a price to pay because when the production structure is changing some people will be unemployed," she said.That may be hard to swallow for Erdogan and Turks in general who would not welcome a recession that lasts beyond the second half of 2019, when economists currently expect a return to growth. Unemployment has already risen above 13 percent. Although an unlikely option for Erdogan, who has repeatedly said Turkey does not need the International Monetary Fund, Matys of Rabobank said the reforms should ideally be overseen by the IMF to restore investor confidence. "A PowerPoint presentation (by Albayrak) with slides claiming that the economy is rebalancing quickly and a few bullet points may not prove sufficient to restore confidence among investors," he said. (Reporting by Ali Kucukgocmen and Jonathan Spicer; Additional reporting by Ezgi Erkoyun; Editing by Gareth Jones)This article is part of David Leonhardt’s newsletter. You can sign up here to receive it each weekday.The politics of climate change can sometimes feel unwinnable.The oil and coal industries spend large sums of money to spread falsehoods. The leadership of the Republican Party echoes those falsehoods. Many voters, struggling with slow-growing living standards, are hostile to policies that would address climate change — namely, increases in energy prices. And so far the top-tier Democratic presidential candidates haven’t put the issue at the center of their campaigns.But for all of these challenges, I think there is a more promising political approach than many people realize. In the upcoming issue of The Times Magazine, I’ve written an essay about it, and it is online now.The brief version: Americans are skeptical of policies that directly raise the cost of energy, such as a carbon tax or cap-and-trade program. But polls show that most Americans are in favor of policies that promote clean energy even if those policies indirectly raise the cost of energy. One example is a mandate requiring utility companies to use more clean energy; most states already have such a mandate, and Michigan and Nevada have recently made theirs tougher. Another example is federal spending to subsidize clean energy — a program, in other words, that looks like a Green New Deal.Obviously, programs like these don’t eliminate the costs of moving away from dirty energy. But they can change the political calculus. When a policy calls attention to the costs of the transition, as a carbon tax does, people are wary. When a policy calls attention to the benefits, people often have a more favorable attitude and are willing to accept slightly higher costs. As a result, many climate activists have been changing their political strategy in recent years. “It makes sense to set a goal,” as Rhiana Gunn-Wright, a climate-policy expert, told me while I was reporting the magazine story. When people understand the goal — like a clean-energy economy — they are much more open to solutions than when the policy discussion focuses on mechanisms for reaching that goal. Even if the country adopted a sensible climate policy today — and it’s inconceivable under President Trump — it is too late to avoid some of climate change’s terrible damage. But it’s not too late to make a big difference.My article is part of the Magazine’s climate issue, and you can find more of it here. The theme is deliberately scary: “Putting a Price on the End of the World.”Also, the writer Nathaniel Rich has just released a book based partly on his August 2018 cover story for the Magazine on the history of climate policy. Last night, Nathaniel and I talked about climate change at the Brooklyn Public Library, and you can watch the conversation here. Related: Thomas Friedman argues that smart climate proposals could well be damaging to a president who has denied climate change at every chance he’s gotten. “If Democrats approach this right,” he writes, “they can win on this issue in 2020 and make Trump the laughingstock.”If you are not a subscriber to this newsletter, you can subscribe here. You can also join me on Twitter (@DLeonhardt) and Facebook.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Pacific Gas and Electric announced the appointment of a chief executive and 10 new board members on Wednesday to improve the “safety culture and operational effectiveness” at the embattled California utility.Bill Johnson, a former head of Progress Energy and the Tennessee Valley Authority, will fill the chief executive position held by Geisha Williams, who left in January, just before PG&E filed for its second bankruptcy in the last two decades.PG&E faces tens of billions of dollars in liabilities related to catastrophic wildfires over the last two years. In addition, climate change is making natural disasters more destructive, and shifts to green energy are upending the industry.“We have heard the calls for change and have taken action today to ensure that PG&E has the right leadership to bring about real and dynamic change that reinforces our commitment to safety, continuous improvement and operational excellence,” the board said in a news release. “We believe our new C.E.O. and the newly constituted board will help PG&E address California’s evolving energy challenges and deliver what our customers expect from their energy company.”[How Pacific Electric and Gas ignored fire risks in favor of profits.]The board appointments, supported by shareholders, are the latest development in the battle to gain influence over PG&E. While the utility is undergoing bankruptcy reorganization, much of the power lies with the bankruptcy court’s judge. At the same time, investment firms with large stakes are hoping to set up a new leadership that will help take PG&E out of bankruptcy and run it efficiently. But the shareholders will have to contend with California’s politicians, the state’s utilities regulator and the representatives of wildfire victims.The 13-person board has several members with some energy experience, as well as several investors. It includes Nora Mead Brownell, who has served as a commissioner of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission; Cheryl Campbell, who until last year worked at Xcel Energy, an electric and gas utility; and Jeffrey Bleich, a partner at Dentons, a global law firm.PG&E said its management had discussed the selection of a new chief executive and board members with three investment firms: Abrams Capital Management, Knighthead Capital Management and Redwood Capital Management. The firms, according to PG&E, support Mr. Johnson and the new board.Nathan Click, a spokesman for Gov. Gavin Newsom of California, said in a statement that the new board fell short of what the administration had wanted to see from the utility.“Time and again, PG&E has broken the public trust and its responsibilities to ratepayers, wildfire victims and employees,” Mr. Click said. “While changes were made in the last few days to augment the safety and government expertise on the board, this proposed board still raises concerns — particularly the large representation of Wall Street interests and most board nominees’ lack of relevant California experience.”The incoming chief executive, Mr. Johnson, 65, gained national attention in July 2012 when he became chief of Duke Energy for less than a day before he was fired and given a severance worth an estimated $44 million. He was picked for the job as part of the merger of two North Carolina utilities — Duke Energy and Progress Energy — to form the nation’s largest electric utility retailer.From 2007 to 2012, Mr. Johnson served as chief executive and chairman of Progress Energy. The former Duke chief executive Jim Rogers, who died in December, said at the time that Mr. Johnson had been fired because of his leadership style and a lack of transparency.Mr. Johnson led Progress Energy during the renovation of its sole nuclear power plant in Florida, in Crystal River. In an unusual move, the utility decided to self-manage the project rather than leave it to an engineering company. Workers cracked the concrete building that housed the reactor, forcing the permanent shutdown of a nuclear plant that had otherwise been fully operational.After Duke Energy ousted Mr. Johnson, the Tennessee Valley Authority, a federally owned and operated utility, hired him as its chief executive.In November, he announced his plan to retire from the authority after reducing its debt by $3.5 billion and increasing the use of carbon-free energy sources. But during his time there, the utility’s management practices were criticized.At a hearing on Tuesday in Federal District Court in San Francisco, PG&E escaped a threatened court-ordered overhaul of its power-line maintenance efforts, which the utility previously estimated could cost up to $150 billion. Instead, Judge William Alsup ordered it to focus on cutting back trees near electrical lines, submit to random inspections and fully comply with state laws and its own new fire mitigation plan submitted to state regulators.PG&E was also directed not to pay out any shareholder dividends, which have been suspended since late 2017, until adequate staff is hired and new tree maintenance standards are met.“It’s a problem of your own making,” Judge Alsup told the utility’s officials. “A lot of money went out in dividends that should have gone to your tree budget.”The judge, who is overseeing the company’s probation stemming from six felony convictions after a 2010 Bay Area gas line explosion, said he had issued the pared-down order in the interest of public safety, despite evidence of “really rampant wrongdoing.”At the end of the hearing, the judge directly addressed PG&E’s interim chief executive, John Simon, who sat alone in the front row of the otherwise-crowded courtroom gallery.“We’ve got a fire season coming up quick, and by December we’ll be back here, and we will know how many fires your company started,” Judge Alsup said. “And I’m hoping the answer is zero. That’s what I want.”“Me, too, Judge,” Mr. Simon said.WASHINGTON — A bipartisan group of U.S. senators introduced legislation on Wednesday mandating that the executive branch disclose details about authorizations it gives companies on sharing sensitive nuclear energy information with countries looking to build reactors. Lawmakers have criticized the Trump administration for issuing seven so-called Part 810 authorizations to companies on sharing nuclear power information with Saudi Arabia and withholding information about them. They want to ensure the kingdom eventually agrees to strong nuclear power safeguards on uranium enrichment and reprocessing to avoid the risk of an arms race in the Middle East. Several lawmakers in the Senate and House of Representatives have asked the administration for details on the authorizations, but were told that even the names of companies that got them are proprietary. Previous 810 authorizations were made available to the public at the Department of Energy headquarters."Congress cannot play its oversight role and ensure U.S. civil nuclear cooperation efforts do not encourage the spread of nuclear weapons-making capabilities" when presidential administrations withhold information from lawmakers, Senator Marco Rubio said. Rubio and fellow Republican Senator Todd Young introduced the bill with Democratic Senators Tim Kaine and Edward Markey. A similar bill is expected in the House. The Trump administration has had talks with Saudi Arabia, which has been resistant to safeguards in a civilian nuclear cooperation pact known as a 123 agreement, which is subject to congressional approval. Such a deal would have to be signed before the transfer of materials to build reactors. The administration has also been trying to convince Riyadh to agree to safeguards in a so-called Additional Protocol from the International Atomic Energy Agency. Markey asked Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in a hearing to commit to sharing the 810 applications and authorizations. Pompeo said he would take the request under consideration but that other agencies have a voice in the authorizations, signed by Energy Secretary Rick Perry. Saudi Arabia says its plans are peaceful. But Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said last year the kingdom would develop nuclear arms if its rival Iran did.Riyadh plans to issue a multi-billion-dollar tender in 2020 to build its first two nuclear power reactors, sources said this month. Originally expected last year, the tender has been delayed several times. The United States, South Korea, Russia, China and France are competing for the business. U.S. reactor builder Westinghouse, owned by Brookfield Asset Management Inc, would likely sell nuclear technology to Saudi Arabia in any deal that involved U.S. technology.The bill, which faces an uncertain future in a tight congressional schedule, would amend the 1954 Atomic Energy Act to require the Department of Energy to turn over to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and the House Foreign Affairs Committee reports on all 810 applications it receives and the authorizations it makes and denies. The chairs and ranking members of those committees could also ask the Energy Department for records on any 810 applications that are approved or pending, and the department would have 10 days to do so.  (Reporting by Timothy Gardner; Editing by Bill Berkrot and Leslie Adler)HOUSTON — President Trump signed two executive orders on Wednesday that he says will speed up construction of pipelines and other projects to enhance the production and transport of oil and natural gas between states and across international borders.The actions are unlikely to have much of an immediate impact, and they will probably attract legal challenges by state governments seeking to preserve control over such projects. But the orders are symbolically important for a president who likes to take credit for a boom in energy production and exports. And he delivered the message in Texas, an oil-rich Republican state where Democrats recently made electoral gains.One order directs the Environmental Protection Agency to review and tighten rules to make it more difficult for states to scuttle pipelines by invoking provisions of the Clean Water Act.Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo of New York, an opponent of hydraulic fracturing, has blocked natural gas pipelines that would connect several Northeastern states to Pennsylvania’s Marcellus shale gas field. A shortage of natural-gas pipeline capacity prompted Consolidated Edison to impose a moratorium on new gas connections last month in parts of Westchester County.The other executive order would transfer authority for approving the construction of international pipelines from the secretary of state to the president, eliminating a lengthy State Department review process. The goal is to speed up projects like the Keystone XL oil pipeline from Canada to refineries on the Gulf of Mexico.Mr. Trump issued a new presidential permit last month to Keystone XL, which has been delayed since the early years of the Obama administration. But the pipeline is being contested in the courts by environmentalists, farmers and some Native American groups.“Too often, badly needed energy infrastructure is being held back by special-interest groups, entrenched bureaucracies and radical activists,” Mr. Trump told an audience at the International Union of Operating Engineers training center in Crosby, Tex., near Houston. “This obstruction does not just hurt families and workers like you. It undermines our independence and national security.”Environmentalists were quick to criticize the orders issued Wednesday, which they said would exacerbate climate change.“President Trump is curtailing the public’s voice in an attempt to force dirty energy projects on communities across America,” said Joshua Axelrod, a lawyer for the Natural Resources Defense Council. “Pipelines like Keystone XL pose dangers to our water, our farms and our climate.”But oil executives said the orders would give Washington greater flexibility as it tried to limit oil exports from Venezuela and Iran while keeping gasoline prices low.“These are things that are good for our country and for the energy business to continue to help us be energy independent,” said Dale Redman, chief executive of ProPetro, a major Texas oil service company.Delays in pipeline construction have long bedeviled oil and gas companies, constraining production growth in West Texas and elsewhere. But new pipelines crossing Texas will be completed at the end of this year and in 2020 without much federal intervention.In some cases, oil field economics, not federal policy, have stood in the way of new pipelines. Many energy companies have been burning gas that bubbles up with crude oil — a process known as flaring — because gas prices are so low that it would not be profitable to build pipelines to bring all of it to market.But several states have put up roadblocks to Mr. Trump’s efforts to champion fossil fuels like oil, gas and coal. Washington State has blocked the building of export terminals vital to the survival of the Western coal industry at a time when utilities are shutting down coal-fired power plants. And Michigan last month halted an underwater oil pipeline project proposed by Enbridge, a major Canadian energy company, to import oil from Canada.Mr. Cuomo said in a statement on Wednesday, “President Trump’s executive order is a gross overreach of federal authority that undermines New York’s ability to protect our water quality and our environment.”Wednesday’s orders direct federal officials to pursue policies designed to expedite projects. For example, the president is telling Labor Secretary Alexander Acosta to review barriers to financing energy projects, including decisions by universities and pension funds to divest from oil, gas and coal companies. And he is instructing the Transportation Department to allow freight railroads and tanker trucks to haul liquefied natural gas, a growing export commodity.Among Thomas Edison’s 1,000-plus inventions, his development of his patented incandescent light bulb surely was among his greatest. Yet Mr. Edison, our great-grandfather, recognized how wasteful the bulb was from the start. It gave off almost 90 percent of its energy as heat instead of light. Still, though the bulb worked extremely well in its own time, he never saw it as the end game.Our great-grandfather took out multiple patents on multiple inventions, including the light bulb, always with the idea that they could and should be improved. It took more than a century before others came up with significantly more efficient incandescent bulbs. In the past two decades, the pace of improvement gained rapid momentum, leading to super-efficient, long-lasting light bulbs that save people a great deal of money on electricity. That’s the kind of progress Thomas Edison would have eagerly welcomed.Despite these monumental advances, the Department of Energy now wants to roll back new efficiency standards signed into law by President George W. Bush and updated, as required, during the Obama administration. The latest update added inefficient three-way, reflector, globe-shaped and candelabra-style bulbs to the list covered by the standards. These incandescent and halogen bulbs are used in up to 2.7 billion lighting sockets, just under half of all the conventional sockets in American homes and businesses. The new standards, which would require these bulbs to be as efficient as widely used pear-shaped bulbs and would phase out inefficient incandescents and halogens, were approved in 2017 in the waning days of the Obama administration after a rule-making process of more than two years. Manufacturers and retailers have been preparing since then for the new rules to become effective on Jan. 1, 2020. Unfortunately, the Trump administration plans to step back from that decision and exempt these bulbs from the standards. If that happens, American consumers will miss out on an estimated $12 billion in annual savings on their utility bills, or about $100 for each household, according to the Appliance Standards Awareness Project. It also means more electricity will need to be generated — 25 coal-burning 500-megawatt power plants’ worth, based on calculations by the Natural Resources Defense Council, creating the same amount of pollution that spews from the tailpipes of seven million cars a year.The European Union has already banned incandescent and halogen bulbs, and many developing countries are in the process of doing the same, which means America could become a dumping ground for cheap, energy-wasting bulbs.Congress and the public need to register their strong opposition with the Energy Department by May 3 to increase the odds that the agency will do the right thing and maintain these new energy-saving standards, not narrow their scope.In addition to abandoning the standards on those incandescent and halogen bulbs, the Trump administration may opt to not enforce standards that require traditional pear-shaped bulbs and others to be at least 65 percent to 70 percent more efficient than old incandescents, beginning next year. The state of California imposed such a requirement last year, but an Energy Department lawyer testified at an administrative hearing in February that the department did not consider itself obligated to do so nationally, though a decision had not been made.These actions come as we face increasing threats from climate change. As the N.R.D.C. has noted, few actions can reduce the carbon dioxide emissions that are warming the planet as cheaply and easily as replacing energy-wasting bulbs with highly efficient ones. The group estimates that if every household in the United States replaced just one old bulb with an L.E.D., the country’s overall electric bill would be cut by more than $5 billion in 10 years, and two million metric tons of carbon dioxide pollution would be avoided. The savings are so big because the average American household has around 40 lighting sockets, and many still employ energy-wasting bulbs. We need efficiency standards to spur more innovation and ensure that our store shelves carry new bulbs reflecting the latest technology.Regrettably, special interests have reared their heads once again. Big bulb manufacturers supported by the Energy Department prefer to take the cheap, inefficient and environmentally harmful path for short-term profits. They would sacrifice our common good for their selfish greed.There was a sign that was placed all over our great-grandfather’s labs that read: “There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.” It would appear that some people in the administration are proving that statement, attributed to the 18th-century painter Joshua Reynolds, to be right, by even considering these lighting rollback plans.Our great-grandfather’s light bulb helped change the world. But it’s almost 140 years old and it’s time to modernize. Thomas Edison would have been the first to say so.J. Heywood Edison Sloane is a trustee and the treasurer of the Edison Birthplace Association. C. Barry Edison Sloane is a risk management consultant and a trustee of the association.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.HALLOWELL, Maine — A proposed 145-mile (233-kilometer) transmission line that would serve as a conduit for Canadian hydropower to reach the New England power grid cleared a major hurdle Thursday with approval of the Maine Public Utilities Commission.The three-member panel unanimously approved Central Maine Power's $1 billion project, but further regulatory approvals will be necessary for the project to become a reality.CMP's New England Clean Energy Connect would allow 1,200 megawatts of Canadian hydropower to reach consumers in Massachusetts to meet that state's green energy goals. Commissioners concluded that there are substantial benefits for Maine, as well, including reduced carbon pollution, lower electric rates and enhanced energy reliability, along with $258 million in incentives.Commission Chairman Mark Vannoy said Thursday that the economic and environmental gains are needed in a region trying to balance the need for more energy with environmental stewardship."We're at a critical point here: It's needed, it's necessary, and the state of Maine is moving forward," he said, calling the outcome "a good result for Maine ratepayers."But a staff attorney for the Natural Resources Council of Maine called the decision "deeply flawed" and accused regulators of siding with "Central Maine Power's corporate interests over the best interests of the state of Maine and ratepayers of Maine.""This decision dramatically overstates the benefits while dramatically undervaluing the negative impacts to the state of Maine," Sue Ely said.Though the project is being funded by Massachusetts, critics say it would destroy Maine's unspoiled wilderness without guarantees of environmental benefits. They also say it would snuff out homegrown green energy projects, like solar and wind power, in Maine.Much of the project calls for widening existing corridors, but a new swath would be cut through 53 miles (85 kilometers) of wilderness in western Maine. It would cross the Appalachian Trail, 263 wetlands and 115 streams, according to the Natural Resources Council of Maine.Further approvals are necessary. The Maine Department of Environmental Protection, the Maine Land Use Planning Commission and other regulators all have to approve some aspect of the CMP project. The Department of Environmental Protection will make the final decision on CMP's site permit and compliance with the state Natural Resources Protection Act, agency spokesman David Madore said.Maine Public Advocate Barry Hobbins and Democratic Gov. Janet Mills both endorsed the project after CMP sweetened the deal with a package of benefits for Maine.The utility's $258 million in incentives would provide $140 million for rate relief for retail customers, $50 million for low-income energy customers, $15 million to subsidize heat pump purchases and $15 million for electric cars and charging stations.Supporters say the project would provide electricity for a million homes and drive down electricity rates for all of New England. An independent consultant, London Economics International LLC, concluded carbon dioxide emissions would be lowered by 3.6 million metric tons per year.A subsidiary of CMP, which is part of Connecticut-based Avangrid, would be created to oversee construction of the power line to ensure Maine ratepayers are insulated from costs.The utility hopes to receive all regulatory approvals by year's end and for construction to begin next year, said Thorn Dickinson, vice president for business development.RIYADH — The Saudi energy minister on Monday said it was premature to say whether a consensus existed among OPEC and its allies to extend oil supply cuts but a meeting next month would be key.A joint OPEC and non-OPEC ministerial committee known as the JMMC is due to meet in May. Saudi Arabia and Russia are members of the panel, which includes other major oil producers that took part in a global supply-cutting agreement last year, such as Iraq, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Nigeria and Kazakhstan."JMMC will be a key decision point because we will certainly by then know where the consensus view is and, more importantly, before we ask for consensus, we will know where the fundamentals are pointing," said Saudi energy minister Khalid al-Falih."I think May is going to be key," he added.Oil inventories remain higher than average but the market is on its way towards rebalancing, Falih said. "I don't think we will need (to do more) ... the market is on its way towards balance. We have done a lot more than others," he added, referring to the possibility of Saudi Arabia cutting output further below its target under the global deal. "We are getting to a stage where inventories are starting to stabilise and come down but still significantly above what I would consider a normal level."Russia, which is cutting oil output in tandem with OPEC, also said production cuts would stay in place at least until June, when Washington's next steps on reducing Iranian and Venezuelan oil exports become clearer.NO CHANGE IN TRADING CURRENCYThe United States has been increasing its own crude exports steeply and U.S. President Donald Trump has been pressing OPEC to lower the oil price by boosting production.U.S. policies targeting Iran and Venezuela have introduced a new level of uncertainty for OPEC as the producer group struggles to predict global supply and demand. Washington is also advancing a bill, known as NOPEC, that could expose OPEC members to U.S. antitrust lawsuits.The NOPEC move prompted Saudi Arabia to threaten to sell its oil in currencies other than the dollar if Washington passes the bill, three sources familiar with Saudi energy policy told Reuters last week. However, the kingdom's energy ministry on Monday said the report was “inaccurate” and does not reflect its position on the matter."The Kingdom has been trading its oil in dollars for decades, which has served the objectives of its financial and monetary policies well,” the ministry said in a statement.It added that Saudi Arabia would not risk its key policy priority -- as a stabilising force for global energy markets -- through a fundamental change to the financial terms of oil trading in its relationships around the world. Falih also told reporters at an oil event in Riyadh that there was no change to the kingdom's policy of trading oil in U.S. dollars."Absolutely not. There is no change whatsoever to our long-standing policy," Falih said. The United Arab Emirates' energy minister, Suhail bin Mohammed al-Mazroui, also said that the use of the dollar as the main oil-trading currency could not be changed overnight. (Writing by Aziz El Yaakoubi; Editing by Dale Hudson and David Goodman)One of the great achievements of politics in the late 19th and early 20th centuries was the spread of effective building codes that made our buildings safer and sturdier, and our cities less likely to burn down.For the last couple of decades we have been using those building codes for an additional purpose: saving energy. The average house or office building constructed today is required to have better windows and insulation than the drafty old buildings we used to put up, so that a new building wastes far less energy over its lifetime.Making buildings more efficient not only saves consumers money, it is also crucial in the fight against global warming because it cuts the use of fossil fuels. We are a few months away from an election, of sorts, that could tighten our building codes still further.But forces are already stirring in the land to make sure this vote goes the wrong way. Those forces may be abetted by low voter turnout, which has been a big problem in the past. If history repeats itself this year, the energy policy of the United States may be influenced by fewer than 500 people.The technology of buildings continually evolves, creating new ways to save energy. Tightening our building codes regularly is the best way to pull these new techniques into the market. However, building to the latest standards can cost a little extra money, at least initially, so you can probably guess where some of the opposition originates.America has no national building code, strictly speaking. States and cities adopt and enforce their own. These local codes tend to be based on a few national model codes put out by several organizations, generally every three years.One of the most important models is the International Energy Conservation Code, which many American communities use as the template for their energy-saving code provisions. The latest version will be finalized in a round of voting later this year, and most communities will decide in 2020 whether to incorporate it into their own codes. So in this election, the “candidates” are proposed new standards for how people ought to construct buildings in the United States. Who gets to vote? Basically, the governments that will ultimately decide whether to adopt this code as their own pick representatives to cast ballots. Small towns get a handful of votes while big cities get more. Municipalities tend to nominate representatives with expertise in the subject — say, the heads of their building, fire and planning departments.In theory, tens of thousands of these municipal officials could vote in the election. But people running busy departments have tended to let this duty fall off their radar, with many of those eligible to vote never signing up to take part. And of those who do sign up, some are chiefly concerned with provisions like fire safety, so they stop voting when they get to the energy provisions.By now you may be wondering why all this is important. Because when so few people vote, groups opposed to improved building codes can gin up enough no votes to kill important measures — with long-term consequences for all of us. I repeat: This is a central aspect of the energy policy for the entire country, routinely decided by fewer voters than might turn out for a New England town hall.When the energy codes started, proponents of better buildings made some amazing gains; over the course of two code cycles a decade ago, projected energy use in buildings was cut by more than 30 percent. But the last two times the vote was held, important changes to the model building code were voted down, in some cases by relatively few votes.And who would be against them? The National Association of Home Builders. This industry group always complains vociferously about requirements like newer window technology or better light fixtures that will drive up builders’ costs by 1 or 2 percent. Of course the buyers of those houses would get the money back in a few short years through lower energy bills, a point the opponents rarely mention.For the coming election, a coalition of experts focused on building efficiency is aiming for a minimum improvement of 10 percent, and hoping for more. Given how slow the building industry is to change, 10 percent is a big number. The home builders are already organizing to try to block the effort.So we need our communities to act. In particular, more than 400 American mayors have committed themselves to battling greenhouse emissions. If you are one of them, here is a concrete step: Make sure that your city or county agencies have paid their dues to the International Code Council, the group that runs this election, and that they intend to nominate voting representatives. The deadline to pay the dues is March 29, and if your jurisdiction does not sign up by then, it will not be able to cast votes this fall.The measures themselves are pretty technical, so how can you tell which are good? Anybody planning to vote on the model code should follow the work of the Energy Efficient Codes Coalition, in Washington, which plans to offer advice on specific measures.Once an improved model code is out next year, mayors should move to adopt it for their localities as quickly as possible. Yes, the local builders will whine. You can point out to them that we are trying to salvage a livable climate for our children and grandchildren, and we really need their help putting up less wasteful buildings.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.YONKERS — [What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]Across the suburbs north of New York City, clusters of luxury towers are rising around commuter rail stations, designed to lure young workers seeking easy access to Manhattan. In all, 16,000 apartments and condominiums are in the works in more than a dozen towns, along with spaces for restaurants and shops.But the boom unfolding in Westchester County is under threat — not from any not-in-my-backyard opposition or a slumping real estate market.Instead, it is coming from something unexpected: a lack of natural gas.Con Edison, the region’s main utility, says its existing network of pipelines cannot satisfy an increasing demand for the fuel.As a result, the utility has taken the extreme step of imposing a moratorium on new gas hookups in a large swath of Westchester, including for residential buildings planned in Yonkers, White Plains and New Rochelle. The only other places in the country with similar restrictions are in Massachusetts, gas industry officials said.“It’s just a question of how people are going to be able to heat their homes and cook their food with the energy that’s available right now,’’ said Michael Clendenin, a spokesman for Con Ed.There is an ample supply of natural gas in the United States, but opposition to building or expanding interstate pipelines has caused delivery challenges in the Northeast, according to industry officials. Two counties in western Massachusetts have had a moratorium on new gas hookups since 2014.In Westchester, Con Ed’s moratorium, which is primarily concentrated in the southern section of the county, has set off anger and panic among developers and elected leaders who say it has left dozens of projects in limbo, creating uncertainty about housing, jobs and the area’s economic future.“I’m still traumatized by the last decade when we had a head of steam and it all fell apart due to the economy,” said Noam Bramson, the mayor of New Rochelle, where dozens of projects are under construction or planned. “There are windows of opportunity when you can accomplish something and windows can close quickly.’’In Yonkers, a developer has offered the city $16 million to buy a municipal parking lot and turn it into a complex with housing, shopping and a hotel. But the deal has yet to close and the city’s mayor, Mike Spano, is concerned that without access to gas the developer may pull out.The developer, Michael Mitnick, declined to comment on the project’s fate, but said other options, like green heating technology, can be less reliable and more expensive.“You do not want to get too fancy or too creative with major building systems,’’ he said.But Con Ed’s decision has also been met with deep skepticism — many elected leaders and residents question whether the utility is creating a crisis to make it easier to win approval from the Cuomo administration for new pipelines. State regulators with the power to force Con Ed to lift the moratorium are reviewing the situation.“This would be a good game of chicken, especially when the target is lower Westchester,” Mr. Spano said. “If you want to get the governor’s attention, this is the way to do it.”Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo lives in Mount Kisco, a town included in Con Edison’s moratorium, and wants the state to move away from fossil fuels toward cleaner energy, like wind. He has banned fracking, a process to extract gas from shale rock, and two years ago his administration rejected a major interstate pipeline project, saying its construction would endanger wetlands.That rejection, Con Ed officials said, cast a chill over the gas industry and has made it difficult for the utility to entice any pipeline developers willing to build in Westchester. State officials also turned down a proposal by Con Ed to help finance a new pipeline, utility officials said.“The market changed,’’ Mr. Clendenin said. “Investors were no longer willing to take the risk.’’But Mr. Cuomo’s office said Con Ed was seeking to make excuses for its failure to anticipate market changes in Westchester.“The current issues these localities are facing are a result of poor planning by the utilities,” said Dani Lever, a spokeswoman for the governor. “Con Edison never even proposed new infrastructure or alternative solutions that would have adequately met increased demand for certain products prior to announcing its moratorium.”In response to the moratorium, the state recently announced a package of incentives, including grants, for developers and residents in Westchester seeking clean-energy systems.Considered a cheaper and less polluting alternative to heating oil, natural gas consumption nationwide increased 30 percent between 2009 and 2016, said Lori Traweek, chief operations officer for the American Gas Association. But efforts to transport more gas to the Northeast from other parts of the country, especially from Pennsylvania and West Virginia, have been blocked over safety and environmental worries.“Is it better or worse to have a pipeline?” Ms. Traweek said. “Without it, you are taking away consumers’ affordable choice, potentially increasing emissions and reducing reliability. That doesn’t seem like a good energy policy.”In New York, the state Public Service Commission, which oversees utilities, is investigating Con Ed’s claims about the natural gas situation in Westchester and plans to issue its findings in July. It could overturn the moratorium, require Con Ed to find an additional gas supply or allow the moratorium to stand.“The P.S.C. is committed to ensuring reliable, safe and affordable energy for New Yorkers, and considers all proposals from utilities to meet that need on the merits,” said James Denn, a commission spokesman.The tension in Westchester touches on a wider debate about climate change, fossil fuels, renewable energy and environmental policy.National Grid — a utility that supplies natural gas to 1.8 million customers in Brooklyn and parts of Queens, as well as on Long Island and Staten Island — is seeking the state’s approval to build a 24-mile pipeline from New Jersey through lower New York Bay.“We cannot continue to sign up customers for new service if we don’t have the supply to back it up,” said John Bruckner, a top executive at National Grid.In Westchester, developers rushed to submit applications for gas hookups before the moratorium went into effect on March 15. About 900 applications were submitted and Con Ed will notify applicants in the coming weeks if their requests have been approved.Joe Apicella, managing director of MacQuesten Development, was one of the applicants. His company plans to build a 28-story residential tower in New Rochelle that will also include a new city hall and firehouse.“To shut the spigot off entirely without a well-thought-out plan is just irresponsible,’’ Mr. Apicella said. “It’s a monopoly. You can’t go to company B.”Dr. Courtney M. Williams, who lives in Peekskill and is a founder of Safe Energy Rights Group, an environmental group, said the moratorium should lead to a broader discussion about climate change and greener energy policies.“Any investment in pipeline infrastructure is locking us into a fossil fuel future,” Dr. Williams said. “These companies have invested millions in antiquated infrastructure. The writing is on the wall. It is really clear that we need to invest in renewable energy.”NEW YORK — Republican U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley is seeking information from the Department of Energy on how it scores applications from small refineries seeking waivers from the nation's biofuel laws, according to letter seen by Reuters.The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, under President Donald Trump, has greatly expanded the small refinery waiver program, angering corn farmers in the U.S. Midwest. The EPA has expanded the program, despite recommendations from the Energy Department to grant fewer, smaller exemptions. (Reporting by Jarrett Renshaw; Editing by Tom Brown)There was, you might say, a disturbance in the Force.Long, long ago, when the universe was only about 100,000 years old — a buzzing, expanding mass of particles and radiation — a strange new energy field switched on. That energy suffused space with a kind of cosmic antigravity, delivering a not-so-gentle boost to the expansion of the universe.Then, after another 100,000 years or so, the new field simply winked off, leaving no trace other than a speeded-up universe.So goes the strange-sounding story being promulgated by a handful of astronomers from Johns Hopkins University. In a bold and speculative leap into the past, the team has posited the existence of this field to explain an astronomical puzzle: the universe seems to be expanding faster than it should be.The cosmos is expanding only about 9 percent more quickly than theory prescribes. But this slight-sounding discrepancy has intrigued astronomers, who think it might be revealing something new about the universe.And so, for the last couple of years, they have been gathering in workshops and conferences to search for a mistake or loophole in their previous measurements and calculations, so far to no avail.“If we’re going to be serious about cosmology, this is the kind of thing we have to be able to take seriously,” said Lisa Randall, a Harvard theorist who has been pondering the problem.[Sign up to get reminders for space and astronomy events on your calendar.]At a recent meeting in Chicago, Josh Frieman, a theorist at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory in Batavia, Ill., asked: “At what point do we claim the discovery of new physics?”Now ideas are popping up. Some researchers say the problem could be solved by inferring the existence of previously unknown subatomic particles. Others, such as the Johns Hopkins group, are invoking new kinds of energy fields.Adding to the confusion, there already is a force field — called dark energy —  making the universe expand faster. And a new, controversial report suggests that this dark energy might be getting stronger and denser, leading to a future in which atoms are ripped apart and time ends.Thus far, there is no evidence for most of these ideas. If any turn out to be right, scientists may have to rewrite the story of the origin, history and, perhaps, fate of the universe.Or it could all be a mistake. Astronomers have rigorous methods to estimate the effects of statistical noise and other random errors on their results; not so for the unexamined biases called systematic errors.As Wendy L. Freedman, of the University of Chicago, said at the Chicago meeting, “The unknown systematic is what gets you in the end.”Hubble troubleGenerations of great astronomers have come to grief trying to measure the universe. At issue is a number called the Hubble constant, named after Edwin Hubble, the Mount Wilson astronomer who in 1929 discovered that the universe is expanding.As space expands, it carries galaxies away from each other like the raisins in a rising cake. The farther apart two galaxies are, the faster they will fly away from each other. The Hubble constant simply says by how much.But to calibrate the Hubble constant, astronomers depend on so-called standard candles: objects, such as supernova explosions and certain variable stars, whose distances can be estimated by luminosity or some other feature. This is where the arguing begins.[Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]Until a few decades ago, astronomers could not agree on the value of the Hubble constant within a factor of two: either 50 or 100 kilometers per second per megaparsec. (A megaparsec is 3.26 million light years.)But in 2001, a team using the Hubble Space Telescope, and led by Dr. Freedman, reported a value of 72. For every megaparsec farther away from us that a galaxy is, it is moving 72 kilometers per second faster.More recent efforts by Adam G. Riess,  of Johns Hopkins and the Space Telescope Science Institute, and others have obtained similar numbers, and astronomers now say they have narrowed the uncertainty in the Hubble constant to just 2.4 percent.But new precision has brought new trouble. These results are so good that they now disagree with results from the European Planck spacecraft, which predict a Hubble constant of 67.The discrepancy — 9 percent — sounds fatal but may not be, astronomers contend, because Planck and human astronomers do very different kinds of observations.Planck is considered the gold standard of cosmology. It spent four years studying the cosmic bath of microwaves left over from the end of the Big Bang, when the universe was just 380,000 years old. But it did not measure the Hubble constant directly. Rather, the Planck group derived the value of the constant, and other cosmic parameters, from a mathematical model largely based on those microwaves.In short, Planck’s Hubble constant is based on a cosmic baby picture. In contrast, the classical astronomical value is derived from what cosmologists modestly call “local measurements,” a few billion light-years deep into a middle-aged universe.What if that baby picture left out or obscured some important feature of the universe?‘Cosmological Whac-a-Mole’ And so cosmologists are off to the game that Lloyd Knox, an astrophysicist from the University of California, Davis, called “cosmological Whac-a-Mole” at the recent Chicago meeting: attempting to fix the model of the early universe, to make it expand a little faster without breaking what the model already does well.One approach, some astrophysicists suggest, is to add more species of lightweight subatomic particles, such as the ghostlike neutrinos, to the early universe. (Physicists already recognize three kinds of neutrinos, and argue whether there is evidence for a fourth variety.) These would give the universe more room to stash energy, in the same way that more drawers in your dresser allow you to own more pairs of socks. Thus invigorated, the universe would expand faster, according to the Big Bang math, and hopefully not mess up the microwave baby picture.A more drastic approach, from the Johns Hopkins group, invokes fields of exotic anti-gravitational energy. The idea exploits an aspect of string theory, the putative but unproven “theory of everything” that posits that the elementary constituents of reality are very tiny, wriggling strings.String theory suggests that space could be laced with exotic energy fields associated with lightweight particles or forces yet undiscovered. Those fields, collectively called quintessence, could act in opposition to gravity, and could change over time — popping up, decaying or altering their effect, switching from repulsive to attractive.The team focused in particular on the effects of fields associated with hypothetical particles called axions. Had one such field arisen when the universe was about 100,000 years old, it could have produced just the right amount of energy to fix the Hubble discrepancy, the team reported in a paper late last year. They refer to this theoretical force as “early dark energy.”“I was surprised how it came out,” said Marc Kamionkowski, a Johns Hopkins cosmologist who was part of the study. “This works.”The jury is still out. Dr. Riess said that the idea seems to work, which is not to say that he agrees with it, or that it is right. Nature, manifest in future observations, will have the final say.Dr. Knox called the Johns Hopkins paper “an existence proof” that the Hubble problem could be solved. “I think that’s new,” he said.Dr. Randall, however, has taken issue with aspects of the Johns Hopkins calculations. She and a trio of Harvard postdocs are working on a similar idea that she says works as well and is mathematically consistent. “It’s novel and very cool,” Dr. Randall said.So far, the smart money is still on cosmic confusion. Michael Turner, a veteran cosmologist at the University of Chicago and the organizer of a recent airing of the Hubble tensions, said, “Indeed, all of this is going over all of our heads. We are confused and hoping that the confusion will lead to something good!” Doomsday? Nah, nevermindEarly dark energy appeals to some cosmologists because it hints at a link to, or between, two mysterious episodes in the history of the universe. As Dr. Riess said, “This is not the first time the universe has been expanding too fast.”The first episode occurred when the universe was less than a trillionth of a trillionth of a second old. At that moment, cosmologists surmise, a violent ballooning propelled the Big Bang; in a fraction of a trillionth of a second, this event — named “inflation” by the cosmologist Alan Guth, of M.I.T. — smoothed and flattened the initial chaos into the more orderly universe observed today. Nobody knows what drove inflation.The second episode is unfolding today: cosmic expansion is speeding up. But why? The issue came to light in 1998, when two competing teams of astronomers asked whether the collective gravity of the galaxies might be slowing the expansion enough to one day drag everything together into a Big Crunch.To great surprise, they discovered the opposite: the expansion was accelerating under the influence of an anti-gravitational force later called dark energy. The two teams won a Nobel Prize.Dark energy comprises 70 percent of the mass-energy of the universe. And, spookily, it behaves very much like a fudge factor known as the cosmological constant, a cosmic repulsive force that Einstein inserted in his equations a century ago thinking it would keep the universe from collapsing under its own weight. He later abandoned the idea, perhaps too soon.Under the influence of dark energy, the cosmos is now doubling in size every 10 billion years — to what end, nobody knows.Early dark energy, the force invoked by the Johns Hopkins group, might represent a third episode of antigravity taking over the universe and speeding it up. Perhaps all three episodes are different manifestations of the same underlying tendency of the universe to go rogue and speed up occasionally. In an email, Dr. Riess said, “Maybe the universe does this from time-to-time?”If so, it would mean that the current manifestation of dark energy is not Einstein’s constant after all. It might wink off one day. That would relieve astronomers, and everybody else, of an existential nightmare regarding the future of the universe. If dark energy remains constant, everything outside our galaxy eventually will be moving away from us faster than the speed of light, and will no longer be visible. The universe will become lifeless and utterly dark.But if dark energy is temporary — if one day it switches off — cosmologists and metaphysicians can all go back to contemplating a sensible tomorrow.“An appealing feature of this is that there might be a future for humanity,” said Scott Dodelson, a theorist at Carnegie Mellon who has explored similar scenarios.The phantom cosmosBut the future is still up for grabs.Far from switching off, the dark energy currently in the universe actually has increased over cosmic time, according to a recent report in Nature Astronomy. If this keeps up, the universe could end one day in what astronomers call the Big Rip, with atoms and elementary particles torn asunder — perhaps the ultimate cosmic catastrophe.This dire scenario emerges from the work of Guido Risaliti, of the University of Florence in Italy, and Elisabeta Lusso, of Durham University in England. For the last four years, they have plumbed the deep history of the universe, using violent, faraway cataclysms called quasars as distance markers.Quasars arise from supermassive black holes at the centers of galaxies; they are the brightest objects in nature, and can be seen clear across the universe. As standard candles, quasars aren’t ideal because their masses vary widely. Nevertheless, the researchers identified some regularities in the emissions from quasars, allowing the history of the cosmos to be traced back nearly 12 billion years. The team found that the rate of cosmic expansion deviated from expectations over that time span.One interpretation of the results is that dark energy is not constant after all, but is changing, growing denser and thus stronger over cosmic time. It so happens that this increase in dark energy also would be just enough to resolve the discrepancy in measurements of the Hubble constant.The bad news is that, if this model is right, dark energy may be in a particularly virulent and — most physicists say — implausible form called phantom energy. Its existence would imply that things can lose energy by speeding up, for instance. Robert Caldwell, a Dartmouth physicist, has referred to it as “bad news stuff.”As the universe expands, the push from phantom energy would grow without bounds, eventually overcoming gravity and tearing apart first Earth, then atoms.The Hubble-constant community responded to the new report with caution. “If it holds up, this is a very interesting result,” said Dr. Freedman.Astronomers have been trying to take the measure of this dark energy for two decades. Two space missions — the European Space Agency’s Euclid and NASA’s Wfirst — have been designed to study dark energy and hopefully deliver definitive answers in the coming decade. The fate of the universe is at stake.In the meantime, everything, including phantom energy, is up for consideration, according to Dr. Riess.“In a list of possible solutions to the tension via new physics, mentioning weird dark energy like this would seem appropriate,” he wrote in an email. “Heck, at least their dark energy goes in the right direction to solve the tension. It could have gone the other way and made it worse!”California has positioned itself as a leader in the fight against climate change. It leads the nation by far in solar power. And it is working to reduce carbon emissions throughout the energy sector, with a goal of making the electricity grid carbon-free within a generation.But its clean-energy goals are colliding with a Texas billionaire who has staked a fossil-fuel claim in California and is aiming to get federal regulators on his side.The Texan, Andrew Beal, parlayed financial and real estate deals into an estimated personal worth of more than $8 billion and a bank bearing his name. Along the way, he became a business associate of President Trump, providing financing for Mr. Trump’s Atlantic City casinos, and has been an economic adviser and a major donor.He has also been involved in some of the single largest hands of poker ever played in Las Vegas, against Olympian talent, and has often come away a winner.“He’s the smartest guy in the room, every room he goes to,” said Dary Stone, a former member of the Texas Finance Commission, the state’s banking regulator, who has known Mr. Beal for decades.Now Mr. Beal, 66, is betting that he can turn back the inroads of alternative energy. He is arguing before federal regulators that California policies discriminate against generators powered by fossil fuels like natural gas and coal as the state promotes sources like solar and wind power.Mr. Beal’s interest arises from his 2017 purchase — through Beal Bank — of the La Paloma natural gas power plant in California’s Central Valley, which had fallen into bankruptcy as the state faced a glut of generating power.Mr. Beal is one of Mr. Trump’s biggest financial backers, having spent about $10 million on Trump-related contributions since 2015, according to Federal Election Commission records. It is not known what role, if any, Mr. Beal’s relationship with the president could have on the regulatory decision.But a decision in Mr. Beal’s favor could further the administration’s energy agenda, giving new life to coal, natural gas and nuclear power throughout the United States. It could also upend California’s recently enacted mandate for 100 percent carbon-free electricity as well as efforts nationwide to curb carbon emissions.Mr. Beal declined to be interviewed for this article.Opponents of his complaint fear a fossil-fuel resurgence and higher consumer costs as well as increased carbon emissions at a time of grueling heat waves, record droughts, catastrophic wildfires and devastating hurricanes that are being cited as signs of climate change.“I see La Paloma as a frontal assault,” Loretta Lynch, a lawyer and former president of the California Public Utilities Commission, said of the bid before federal regulators. “La Paloma is throwing a stick of dynamite into California’s policies.”A Regulatory OpeningIf you feel the planet is at stake, you might cast Mr. Beal as a villain of big-screen proportions. But those who know him see something simpler: the calculations of a man who likes big bets.He placed his wager on La Paloma when Beal Bank, a creditor, acquired the plant out of bankruptcy with a $150 million credit bid — a bid made with debt it was owed. Demand for the plant’s output had declined as new solar and wind power came online and prices began to fall in the electricity market.Looking to change that equation, Mr. Beal turned to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. The agency regulates services like interstate power transmission and the wholesale market for electricity, and approves acquisitions like Mr. Beal’s takeover of La Paloma.The commission has recently shown signs that it might be sympathetic to fossil-fuel interests. In a decision involving the nation’s largest wholesale energy market, which includes the Mid-Atlantic region, regulators determined in June that clean-energy providers had been receiving unfair subsidies that allowed them to submit low bids to power purchasers. The commission ordered solar, wind and some nuclear sources to increase their bids, putting conventional power plants on a firmer footing.The La Paloma complaint builds on that argument. It contends that subsidies and mandates for solar and wind power — including rebates for residential solar-panel programs and requirements that growing percentages of utility-scale systems come from carbon-free sources — have left California dependent on energy sources that are unreliable for round-the-clock power.Critics say Mr. Beal wants the commission to create a subsidy for fossil-fuel plants, paid for by utility customers in their rates, and effectively remove the cost advantage that renewable-energy plants now have. Fossil-fuel plants are better able to ensure a continuous supply of electricity because storage capacity is not yet sufficient to keep solar or wind energy flowing when the sun isn’t shining or the wind abates. And one of the commission’s primary responsibilities is to ensure the reliability of the grid.Opposition to the Beal effort has poured in from energy markets in the Eastern and Northeastern United States, California regulators, the state attorney general, environmentalists and consumer groups. They are troubled by the potential impact of a decision siding with Mr. Beal and the possibility that regulators could apply it nationwide.Despite his low profile, there is little question of Mr. Beal’s political leanings. He created a pro-Trump super PAC, Save America From Its Government, which published a 2016 newspaper advertisement that was headlined “Obamacare: A Crash Course in Government Inefficiency” and asked, “Is America a communist country?” During the presidential campaign that year, Mr. Trump listed him as one of his economic advisers.And in a postelection interview with The Dallas Morning News, while describing himself as “a Democrat on virtually all social issues,” Mr. Beal said Mr. Trump’s victory was “the first time in my lifetime where a step in the right direction has been taken to reduce the government and get it out of people’s lives.”“That’s all we need to thrive,” he said.But Tyson Slocum, director of the energy program at the nonprofit consumer-advocacy organization Public Citizen, said he had not seen evidence of Mr. Beal’s pursuing an ideological agenda in the La Paloma case so much as a financial one.“I see it as his self-interest,” Mr. Slocum said. “If it were broader-based, he would be funding a group that would make some sort of filing in all markets. Beal’s been limited. It’s all about the bottom line here.”The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission rejected Mr. Beal’s complaint in November, saying La Paloma had failed to identify any specific unjust or unreasonable fees that harmed fossil-fuel plants. But he is appealing, and the panel’s makeup is changing.In early December, the Senate confirmed a new commission member, Bernard L. McNamee, an Energy Department official who oversaw an abortive effort to shore up the coal and nuclear industries. The panel is now split evenly between Democratic and Republican members, with another vacancy for Mr. Trump to fill.‘He Sees Something’To those who have known Mr. Beal, acquiring La Paloma and filing the complaint with federal regulators is not just happenstance.“I promise you, he sees something,” said Mr. Stone, the former Texas banking regulator, whose children grew up with Mr. Beal’s children. “Just bet on it.”Mr. Stone was a member of the Texas Finance Commission when Mr. Beal opened Beal Bank in 1988. He said he had watched Mr. Beal develop over the years into a crafty businessman who went against conventional thinking.While Wall Street giants were still issuing loans before the 2008 mortgage crisis, Mr. Beal sat on the sideline. He is said to have been convinced that credit markets were bound for disaster.“He quits lending,” Mr. Stone said. “He quits buying. He doesn’t buy back in. On any number of times he’ll say, ‘Things are too high.’” In the aftermath, he went on a buying spree.A math whiz who dropped out of college, Mr. Beal was intrigued by one of the great mysteries of mathematics, Fermat’s last theorem, named for the 17th-century French lawyer and mathematician Pierre de Fermat. Mathematicians endeavored for centuries to prove Fermat’s assertion that an + bn = cn is impossible where a, b, c and n are positive integers and n is greater than 2. A solution was finally found in 1994.Mr. Beal put forward a more general form of the theorem and issued a challenge to prove or disprove the assertion. He offered a prize, now $1 million, that has yet to be claimed. The problem has come to be known as the Beal conjecture.“Contrarian businesspeople and entrepreneurs really aren’t risk takers,” Mr. Stone said. “They’re just really good at calibrating risk.”That skill has been in evidence in the building of a fortune that has put Mr. Beal, as of Friday, at No. 190 in the world on the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. It has also helped him at the poker table.For a few years, beginning in 2001, Mr. Beal won and lost millions in games against champions like Doyle and Todd Brunson and Phil Ivey — referred to as the “Tiger Woods of poker” — who came to be known as The Corporation because they pooled or borrowed money in an effort to vanquish him at the tables. The competition was documented in a book, “The Professor, the Banker and the Suicide King: Inside the Richest Poker Game of All Time.”One of the players, Howard Lederer, who has lost favor in the poker world in the wake of a federal investigation of an electronic poker operation he had ownership in, said Mr. Beal had proved his intellect in the one-on-one games.“He was new to the poker world,” Mr. Lederer said. “He’s an amateur player, but he got better really fast. I was really impressed with his intellect.”Mr. Beal notched some wins using his intellect and deep pockets, but it was Mr. Ivey who in the end ensured that the Texas billionaire did not get the better of The Corporation. Over three days in February 2006, Mr. Ivey reportedly won $16.6 million in games against Mr. Beal.It was a rare setback.The Trump ConnectionAs businessmen, Mr. Trump and Mr. Beal have been both allies and adversaries.Their relationship dates back to at least 2004, when Beal Bank supplied financing for Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts as it went through bankruptcy. The company, later known as Trump Entertainment Resorts, operated Atlantic City properties like the Trump Taj Mahal.Beal Bank supplied financing to the Trump casino business again in 2007. When Trump Entertainment Resorts filed for bankruptcy protection in 2009, Mr. Beal became a major player in the legal wrangling that ensued.At first, Mr. Trump and Mr. Beal teamed up in an attempt to buy Trump Entertainment Resorts out of bankruptcy, with Mr. Trump vowing to “make this company great again.”But bondholders objected, and Mr. Trump ended up switching sides and reaching an agreement with them. Mr. Beal then tried to acquire Trump Entertainment Resorts on his own, eventually joining forces with the billionaire investor Carl C. Icahn, another business figure who years later would support Mr. Trump’s presidential campaign.“This Beal guy is a tough negotiator,” Vincent J. Intrieri, an Icahn lieutenant, testified in bankruptcy court, recalling how the partnership came together. “I thought we were tough. But this guy makes us look like little kids.”Mr. Trump and the bondholders ultimately prevailed.Mr. Beal was close enough to the Trump family that he attended the wedding of Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka in 2009, according to a news report that year. And when Mr. Trump ran for president, Mr. Beal was an eager supporter. He has been among the biggest donors to Trump Victory, one of the president’s fund-raising vehicles in support of a re-election bid.Mr. Trump himself boasted of having Mr. Beal’s support. Just before the critical Super Tuesday nominating contests in 2016, his campaign announced that he had been endorsed by Mr. Beal and another wealthy business figure, Thomas J. Barrack Jr. of Colony Capital, a real estate investment firm.At a rally in Dallas that June, Mr. Trump mentioned Mr. Beal in his speech and suggested he was the kind of person who could play an important role in a Trump administration.“You take somebody like Andy Beal, you put him in charge of China: ‘O.K., Andy, do me a favor, renegotiate our trade deal,’” Mr. Trump told the crowd. “You know what we can all do? Go home, relax, have dinner.” He later included Mr. Beal on a list of economic advisers to his campaign.Mr. Trump and Mr. Beal met in December 2016 as Mr. Trump was preparing to take office, Mr. Trump’s transition team said at the time. It is not clear what they discussed, or whether the two men have been in contact since then. The White House declined to comment.Fair Play or Fiasco?Mr. Beal’s representatives insist that his objectives in the case before the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission are limited.In a response to opponents of the complaint, lawyers for La Paloma said the goal was not “a bailout, a subsidy, preferential treatment or any guaranteed level of profits.” They said the complaint aimed to create a fair market and ensure system reliability, not to impede California’s transition to a carbon-free electric grid.“La Paloma is asking for an even playing field and an opportunity to compete in a just and reasonable and not unduly discriminatory market,” they wrote.But for California’s energy goals, Mr. Beal’s success would be a stunning setback.“La Paloma is manufacturing a problem that does not exist in order to obtain a policy result that favors it,” said Ms. Lynch, the former California utilities commissioner.For one thing, she said, a Beal victory would force utilities to contract with power sources that can operate at any time — like natural-gas or coal plants — whether they use that power or not. Such requirements are likely to result in oversupply and higher electricity costs because of the additional payments to operate plants, like La Paloma, that otherwise would face going out of business, she said.“This overbuying and overpaying will mean a lot less money will be available to use to reach California’s clean-energy goals,” Ms. Lynch said, calling it “a double economic whammy” for the state.A decision on Mr. Beal’s appeal could come within months.WASHINGTON — U.S. consumer prices climbed 0.4% in March, an increase caused mostly by higher costs for gasoline, electricity and shelter.The Labor Department says the consumer price index rose a healthy 1.9% last month from a year ago, a sharp jump from the annual pace of 1.5% in February.Inflation has been relatively modest even as the job market has strengthened over the past several years. But the increase in energy prices in March — which accounted for 60% last month's increase — ate into recent wage growth. Average hourly wages have increased 1.3% in the past year, down from a gain of 1.9% in February.Excluding the volatile energy and food categories, core prices increased 0.1% in March and 2% from a year ago.MINSK, Belarus — The president of Belarus president has threatened to retaliate against Russia for what he called its "insolent" trade restrictions.The statement by President Alexander Lukashenko reflects simmering tensions between the neighboring countries. Russia and Belarus are allies with close political and economic ties, but the governments regularly quarrel.Lukashenko has ruled Belarus with an iron hand for a quarter-century while relying on Russian loans and cheap energy to keep the economy afloat. His criticism on Thursday characterized energy price increases as part of Moscow's efforts to force Belarus to abandon its independence.Lukashenko said Russia "has grown insolent and started twisting our hands" by banning agriculture products from Belarus. He suggested Belarus could retaliate by shutting down repairs on pipelines that carry Russian crude oil to the West.ABU DHABI — U.S. buyout firm Carlyle Group has agreed to buy between 30 and 40 percent of Spanish energy company Cepsa from Abu Dhabi state investor Mubadala, valuing the stake at as much as $4.8 billion.The transaction marks the successful end of a quest by Mubadala for a new partner in Cepsa after it pulled the Spanish group's stock market flotation last year, citing uncertainty in international capital markets. Mubadala said on Monday the deal gave Cepsa a total enterprise value of $12 billion.Reuters had reported in March that Carlyle, with $216 billion of assets under management as of December, was ahead of other contenders to buy a 30 percent stake in Spain's Cepsa for up to 3 billion euros ($3.4 billion). Mubadala said the deal is expected to complete by the end of 2019, pending regulatory approval, and the final stakes of both parties will be confirmed at that time."We now look forward to working in partnership with Carlyle, which has a significant track record and energy sector capabilities, and with Cepsa’s management to further enhance and grow the business," said Musabbeh al Kaabi, Mubadala's chief executive, Petroleum & Petrochemicals. Mubadala, with assets of $225 billion including a stake in Carlyle, will remain the majority shareholder of Cepsa. Madrid-headquartered Cepsa is Europe's largest privately-owned oil and gas company. It reported a 15 percent fall in annual adjusted net profit to 754 million euros last year.Rothschild was sole financial advisor to Mubadala while HSBC and J.P. Morgan advised Carlyle.Equity for the Cepsa investment will come from Carlyle International Energy Partners I and II, Carlyle Partners VII, and Carlyle Europe Partners V and co-investors. (Reporting by Stanley Carvalho; Editing by Saeed Azhar and David Holmes)CAIRO — President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi likes to flaunt his plans for modernizing Egypt, like the flashy new administrative capital rising from the desert outside Cairo. But most Egyptians view his rule as a time of painful belt-tightening, with soaring inflation, a currency crash and cuts to subsidies that have made fuel, electricity and water more expensive.Now there is a ray of hope emerging a hundred miles offshore.It comes in the form of a windfall natural gas discovery with the potential to lift Egypt’s limping economy, build a new commercial alliance with Israel and, maybe, even revive the country’s diminished regional clout.Egypt’s gas push is part of a tectonic shift in energy and geopolitics. Natural gas, long a poor cousin to oil, is gaining importance and becoming a tool for countries to leverage power and prestige. Advances in the shipping of liquefied gas have made it a global fuel and strengthened the hand of countries that until recently were not major energy exporters, including the United States and now Egypt.The flood of new gas has been bad news for traditional exporters, particularly Russia, which has had to slash gas prices to maintain sales to Europe. Many European countries have long sought to reduce their dependence on Russia and are eager to establish new suppliers even if that means doing business with autocratic states like Egypt and Qatar, a longstanding gas supplier embroiled in a bitter diplomatic feud with its Persian Gulf neighbors.In recent years the eastern Mediterranean has become one of the world’s hottest offshore drilling zones, with a string of major gas discoveries in the territorial waters of Israel, Lebanon and Cyprus. Egypt struck the jackpot in 2015 with the discovery of a giant reservoir known as Zohr that has developed into one of the largest single gas fields in the Middle East.“We have scored a goal,” Mr. Sisi said in a televised speech last year. “I’ve been dreaming about it for four years, that we become a regional hub for energy.”Egypt now produces a record 6.3 billion cubic feet of gas a day — up by more than 30 percent since 2016 — making it one of the biggest producers in North Africa and the Middle East. In January, for the first time in several years, Egypt exported more gas than it imported. Exports are still a trickle, and Egyptian citizens have yet to see much benefit, but the government has hopes for an export-fueled boom.Oil companies plan to expand gas production by more than 40 percent in Egypt this year and are optimistic about the eastern Mediterranean more broadly.Last week Exxon Mobil announced yet another gas discovery in the waters of Cyprus that is similar in size to two other large fields nearby. The United States Geological Survey has projected that enough gas will eventually be found in the eastern Mediterranean to meet regional and European power demand for decades.“Egypt is one of the best places, along with Cyprus and Israel, to drill not only because of the discoveries but because it is close to Europe and Europe is increasing its gas use,” said Claudio Descalzi, chief executive of Eni, the Italian energy giant that is developing the Zohr field. “Egypt has all the ingredients to make it successful.”Energy giants have been flocking to Egypt in part because the government in 2015 raised the price it would pay companies for their gas by more than a third.BP invested more money in Egypt over the last two years than any other nation, and is adding $1.8 billion this year. All told, foreign oil companies are putting an estimated $10 billion into the country this year.Egypt’s new gas fortune is fortified by the fact that it has the only two large-scale gas export terminals in the eastern Mediterranean, which were built during a prior era of gas riches. The terminals, which cool gas into liquids for export by tankers, have been largely mothballed since 2014 when domestic consumption overwhelmed production.Royal Dutch Shell and Eni, which have ownership interests in the terminals, plan to have them fully operational this year. They also hope to use them to re-export gas produced by neighboring countries that do not have such terminals.“We see a new dawn in Egypt,” said Michael Stoppard, chief strategist for global gas markets at IHS Markit, an energy consulting firm. “We don’t see this as a flash in the pan.”The gas boom could help Egypt geopolitically, too, allowing Mr. Sisi to strengthen economic ties with Israel and Jordan while becoming an indispensable partner to Europe.A meeting in Cairo in January signaled the extent of his ambitions.Representatives from six Mediterranean countries and the Palestinian Authority agreed to create a regional gas organization to coordinate regulations on pipelines and commerce. The meeting included Israel’s energy minister, Yuval Steinitz, who was on the first official visit by an Israeli minister to Egypt since the 2011 Arab Spring.Egypt and Israel have been quietly cooperating for years in the fight against Islamic State militants in Sinai. Now they have bolstered their partnership in energy. Last year the Israeli oil company Delek Drilling and Noble Energy of Houston signed a deal to pipe $15 billion of Israel’s offshore gas to the Egyptian export terminals. There are plans to reopen a pipeline between Israel and Egypt through Sinai that shut down in 2012.“The fact that Israeli natural gas will be exported to Europe via Egypt facilities, the fact that we are speaking to each other,” Mr. Steinitz said in an interview, “make this an access for peace.”Also in January, Egypt struck a deal to provide half of Jordan’s gas needs by pipeline, replacing imports of more expensive liquefied gas. The Sisi government is also working to resume exports to Lebanon by another pipeline that has been inactive for years.But if gas can bring countries together, it can also stoke tensions. For example, Turkey and Cyprus have been squabbling for years about drilling in disputed waters. The pipeline through Sinai was attacked by militants in the 2000s and early 2010s. And the new Egyptian-Israeli energy relationship could be diminished if Israel builds a proposed undersea pipeline to Europe.The gas windfall has the potential to stabilize Egypt’s precarious, debt-laden finances and help clean up its polluted air. The government is pushing drivers to convert vehicles from diesel and gasoline to cheaper, cleaner natural gas. So far, 250,000 of the country’s 10 million vehicles have made the switch.But there’s little sign of the gas windfall on the streets of Cairo, where the government has failed to dent high unemployment or halt a slide in public services.A few weeks ago, Mohamed Ramadan took his taxi to a government-financed garage to have it converted from gasoline to compressed natural gas. The government is offering financial incentives and building filling stations.Mr. Ramadan estimated the conversion would save him 50 percent on fuel expenses, which would help him make his car installments and pay school fees for his three children. But he worried that inflation would wipe out most of what he saved.“It really doesn’t make much of a difference, because everything else is getting more expensive,” he said.Like many developing countries, Egypt has a mixed record of sharing the benefits of mineral wealth. In the 2000s, Egypt’s ruler at the time, Hosni Mubarak, frittered away export earnings from an earlier gas boom on energy subsidies while doling out lucrative contracts to cronies.By 2009, the boom was over, and oil companies shipped out their drilling rigs. In 2012 a court sentenced Hussein Salem, a business tycoon and Mubarak confidant, to 15 years in prison for his part in a scheme involving a manipulation of gas sales to Israel that was estimated to have cost Egypt several billion dollars. (Mr. Salem, who was living in Europe, avoided prison.)Egypt’s economic and demographic problems have worsened since then. Youth unemployment is around 34 percent, and the population is growing by a million people every six months and is expected to surpass 100 million later this year.Even energy executives warn that Egypt could squander its gas wealth if the government doesn’t cut electricity and gas subsidies to control rising domestic energy consumption.Gas discoveries are a “sizable gift,” said Ahmed Heikal, chairman of Qalaa Holdings, a leading energy investment company. “But if you receive a gift from God you have to use it wisely.”As young people rightly demand real solutions to climate change, the question is not what to do — eliminate fossil fuels by 2050 — but how. Beyond decarbonizing today’s electric grid, we must use clean electricity to replace fossil fuels in transportation, industry and heating. We must provide for the fast-growing energy needs of poorer countries and extend the grid to a billion people who now lack electricity. And still more electricity will be needed to remove excess carbon dioxide from the atmosphere by midcentury.Where will this gargantuan amount of carbon-free energy come from? The popular answer is renewables alone, but this is a fantasy. Wind and solar power are becoming cheaper, but they are not available around the clock, rain or shine, and batteries that could power entire cities for days or weeks show no sign of materializing any time soon. Today, renewables work only with fossil-fuel backup. Germany, which went all-in for renewables, has seen little reduction in carbon emissions, and, according to our calculations, at Germany’s rate of adding clean energy relative to gross domestic product, it would take the world more than a century to decarbonize, even if the country wasn’t also retiring nuclear plants early. A few lucky countries with abundant hydroelectricity, like Norway and New Zealand, have decarbonized their electric grids, but their success cannot be scaled up elsewhere: The world’s best hydro sites are already dammed.Small wonder that a growing response to these intimidating facts is, “We’re cooked.”But we actually have proven models for rapid decarbonization with economic and energy growth: France and Sweden. They decarbonized their grids decades ago and now emit less than a tenth of the world average of carbon dioxide per kilowatt-hour. They remain among the world’s most pleasant places to live and enjoy much cheaper electricity than Germany to boot.They did this with nuclear power. And they did it fast, taking advantage of nuclear power’s intense concentration of energy per pound of fuel. France replaced almost all of its fossil-fueled electricity with nuclear power nationwide in just 15 years; Sweden, in about 20 years. In fact, most of the fastest additions of clean electricity historically are countries rolling out nuclear power.This is a realistic solution to humanity’s greatest problem. Plants built 30 years ago in America, as in France, produce cheap, clean electricity, and nuclear power is the cheapest source in South Korea. The 98 U.S. reactors today provide nearly 20 percent of the nation’s electricity generation. So why don’t the United States and other countries expand their nuclear capacity? The reasons are economics and fear.New nuclear power plants are hugely expensive to build in the United States today. This is why so few are being built. But they don’t need to be so costly. The key to recovering our lost ability to build affordable nuclear plants is standardization and repetition. The first product off any assembly line is expensive — it cost more than $150 million to develop the first iPhone — but costs plunge as they are built in quantity and production kinks are worked out. Yet as a former chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission put it, while France has two types of reactors and hundreds of types of cheese, in the United States it’s the other way around. In recent decades, the United States and some European countries have created ever more complicated reactors, with ever more safety features in response to public fears. New, one-of-a-kind designs, shifting regulations, supply-chain and construction snafus and a lost generation of experts (during the decades when new construction stopped) have driven costs to absurd heights.These economic problems are solvable. China and South Korea can build reactors at one-sixth the current cost in the United States. With the political will, China could replace coal without sacrificing economic growth, reducing world carbon emissions by more than 10 percent. In the longer term, dozens of American start-ups are developing “fourth generation” reactors that can be mass-produced, potentially generating electricity at lower cost than fossil fuels. If American activists, politicians and regulators allow it, these reactors could be exported to the world in the 2030s and ’40s, slaking poorer countries’ growing thirst for energy while creating well-paying American jobs. Currently, fourth-generation nuclear power receives rare bipartisan agreement in Congress, making it a particularly appealing American policy to address climate change. Congress recently passed the Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act by big margins. Both parties love innovation, entrepreneurship, exports and jobs.This approach will need a sensible regulatory framework. Currently, as M.I.T.’s Richard Lester, a nuclear engineer, has written, a company proposing a new reactor design faces “the prospect of having to spend a billion dollars or more on an open-​ended, all‑or‑nothing licensing process without any certainty of outcomes.” We need government on the side of this clean-energy transformation, with supportive regulation, streamlined approval, investment in research and incentives that tilt producers and consumers away from carbon.All this, however, depends on overcoming an irrational dread among the public and many activists. The reality is that nuclear power is the safest form of energy humanity has ever used. Mining accidents, hydroelectric dam failures, natural gas explosions and oil train crashes all kill people, sometimes in large numbers, and smoke from coal-burning kills them in enormous numbers, more than half a million per year.By contrast, in 60 years of nuclear power, only three accidents have raised public alarm: Three Mile Island in 1979, which killed no one; Fukushima in 2011, which killed no one (many deaths resulted from the tsunami and some from a panicked evacuation near the plant); and Chernobyl in 1986, the result of extraordinary Soviet bungling, which killed 31 in the accident and perhaps several thousand from cancer, around the same number killed by coal emissions every day. (Even if we accepted recent claims that Soviet and international authorities covered up tens of thousands of Chernobyl deaths, the death toll from 60 years of nuclear power would still equal about one month of coal-related deaths.)Nuclear power plants cannot explode like nuclear bombs, and they have not contributed to weapons proliferation, thanks to robust international controls: 24 countries have nuclear power but not weapons, while Israel and North Korea have nuclear weapons but not power. Nuclear waste is compact — America’s total from 60 years would fit in a Walmart — and is safely stored in concrete casks and pools, becoming less radioactive over time. After we have solved the more pressing challenge of climate change, we can either burn the waste as fuel in new types of reactors or bury it deep underground. It’s a far easier environmental challenge than the world’s enormous coal waste, routinely dumped near poor communities and often laden with toxic arsenic, mercury and lead that can last forever.Despite its demonstrable safety, nuclear power presses several psychological buttons. First, people estimate risk according to how readily anecdotes like well-publicized nuclear accidents pop into mind. Second, the thought of radiation activates the mind-set of disgust, in which any trace of contaminant fouls whatever it contacts, despite the reality that we all live in a soup of natural radiation. Third, people feel better about eliminating a single tiny risk entirely than minimizing risk from all hazards combined. For all these reasons, nuclear power is dreaded while fossil fuels are tolerated, just as flying is scary even though driving is more dangerous.Opinions are also driven by our cultural and political tribes. Since the late 1970s, when No Nukes became a signature cause of the Green movement, sympathy to nuclear power became, among many environmentalists, a sign of disloyalty if not treason.Despite these challenges, psychology and politics can change quickly. As the enormity of the climate crisis sinks in and the hoped-for carbon savings from renewables don’t add up, nuclear can become the new green. Protecting the environment and lifting the developing world out of poverty are progressive causes. And the millennials and Gen Z’s might rethink the sacred values their boomer parents have left unexamined since the Doobie Brothers sang at the 1979 No Nukes concert.If the American public and politicians can face real threats and overcome unfounded fears, we can solve humanity’s most pressing challenge and leave our grandchildren a bright future of climate stability and abundant energy. We can dispatch, once and for all, the self-fulfilling prophesy that we’re cooked.Joshua S. Goldstein, professor emeritus of international relations at American University, and Staffan A. Qvist, a Swedish energy engineer, are the authors of “A Bright Future: How Some Countries Have Solved Climate Change and the Rest Can Follow.” Steven Pinker is a professor of psychology at Harvard University and is the author of “Enlightenment Now.”The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.BRUSSELS — Euro zone industrial output declined in February but by less than expected, as mild weather meant that a surge in energy production at the start of 2019 reversed.The European Union's statistics office Eurostat said on Friday that production in the 19 countries sharing the euro fell by 0.2 percent in February and by 0.3 percent year-on-year.Economists polled by Reuters had expected a 0.6 percent monthly decrease and a 1.0 percent annual drop.The figures for January were also revised up to a 1.9 percent month-on-month increase from 1.4 percent and to a 0.7 percent year-on-year decline from a previous negative of 1.1 percent.Energy output, the main driver of January's increase, showed the sharpest decrease in February, when temperatures were above season averages. Indeed all components of industrial production declined month-on-month except for output of non-durable consumer goods.That component, which includes food and clothing, rose by 0.9 percent in February after a 2.1 percent increase in January.Production fell in Germany by 0.4 percent, the second consecutive monthly decline, but rose in France and Italy, the second and third biggest economies in the euro zone, by respectively 0.4 and 0.8 percent. Output in both had risen in January.For Eurostat release, click http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/news/news-releases (Reporting by Philip Blenkinsop, editing by Robin Emmott)PARIS — A consortium led by French utility Engie has won a bid for Petrobras' TAG pipeline arm with an $8.6 billion offer, in a deal that boosts Engie's presence in the fast-growing Brazilian market and helps Petrobras cut debts.Engie said on Monday its successful offer for a 90 percent stake in TAG was made alongside Canada's state-owned financial and investment firm Caisse de Dépôt et Placement du Québec, with more than $310 billion (£237.5 billion) under management.Petrobras will keep the remaining 10 percent.Engie said buying TAG, which accounts for 47 percent of Brazil's entire gas infrastructure and achieved core earnings of $1.14 billion in 2018, would provide a steady stream of profits.It will add to Engie's presence in Brazil, where its unit owns assets including hydroelectric plants, thermoelectric facilities and renewable energy sources."Our acquisition of TAG is a significant milestone for Engie in Brazil, a key market for the group where we have been present for 23 years," said Engie Chief Executive Isabelle Kocher.Under Kocher, Engie has been focusing investments on energy services, renewable energy and infrastructure, while selling out of coal-related assets."It is a good diversification for Engie," said Clairinvest fund manager Ion-Marc Valahu, whose firm owns Engie shares. "Also, Engie will benefit from growth expectations in Brazil." Engie said the acquisition of TAG would result in its net debt increasing by around 1.6 billion euros ($1.8 billion). The consortium secured around $6 billion in financing to help fund the acquisition from 10 banks, three local and seven international. It did not name the lenders. Engie shares edged up 0.6 percent in early trading on hopes the positive elements of the TAG deal would override any concerns over the rise in Engie's debts."TAG will allow Engie to accelerate its development in the gas sector in Brazil, where Engie is already present in terms of the country's electricity sector," said Roche Brune Asset Management fund manager Gregoire Laverne, who said Engie was a stock his firm was considering buying.The TAG divestment represents a victory for Petrobras' leadership and its Chief Executive Roberto Castello Branco, who is pushing to unload assets in a bid to cut debt and refocus on exploration and production.In September 2016, Petrobras sold a larger gas network pipeline, Nova Transportadora do Sudeste, for $5.2 billion to Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP, which beat out a bid by Engie. (Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by David Holmes)(Reuters) - The United States approved nearly 40 percent more oil and gas drilling permits on public lands in 2018 than it did the previous year thanks to an automated online system introduced in the waning days of the Obama administration, helping reduce a big backlog of applications.President Donald Trump has made it a priority to speed permitting and reduce regulation as a way to boost production of oil, gas and coal from public lands - an agenda that has pleased the energy and mining industries but outraged environmentalists concerned about pollution and climate change.The Department of Interior's Bureau of Land Management approved 3,991 drilling permits in fiscal 2018, up from 2,887 in 2017, the agency said, an increase of 38 percent. The average time to process an application to drill with BLM was cut nearly in half to 63 days from 120 days in 2017.A BLM spokesman, Derrick Henry, attributed the permit approval increase in 2018 to "using increased automation and flexible staffing to make decisions more quickly."The numbers were first revealed by Brian Steed, deputy director for policy and programs at BLM, in Congressional testimony earlier this month. BLM said the figures were not yet finalized and could still change.BLM in 2017 set a goal of eliminating its backlog of permit applications that have been pending for three or more years by October of this year, and in the first nine months of 2018 slashed it by 47 percent from 551 to 288, according to a BLM document reviewed by Reuters. Under the Obama administration, BLM undertook a major effort to improve its system for processing permits to address long delays and inefficiency. In 2016 it shifted to all electronic filing. Permit approval times were around 200 days prior to the introduction of the new system, according to BLM data.The Western Energy Alliance, an oil and gas industry trade group, said speedier permit approvals were due to both increased automation and a more supportive administration."The improvements in automation were started under President Obama, but having an administration which wants to move forward is even more important," said Kathleen Sgamma, WEA's president. Environmentalists say the increased speed has come at the expense of allowing the public to provide input on the drilling applications, which are posted publicly on the permitting web site for 30 days and then removed."BLM is cutting corners on environmental reviews of drilling permits by shutting out the public from commenting on those reviews," said Kelly Fuller, energy and mining campaigns director for Western Watersheds Project. The group argues that the 30-day posting falls short of the BLM's obligation to seek public input under federal environmental law. (Reporting by Nichola Groom in Los Angeles; Additional reporting by Valerie Volcovici in Washington; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)Pacific Gas and Electric, California’s largest utility, serving more than 16 million people, filed for bankruptcy protection on Tuesday because it is facing tens of billions of dollars in liability for wildfires. The company’s equipment could be responsible for causing wildfires that killed dozens of people, destroyed thousands of homes and resulted in billions of dollars in damage over the past few years. Here are some big questions about the bankruptcy.What is PG&E’s role in California’s wildfires?Equipment owned and maintained by the utility sparked at least 17 of the 21 major wildfires that burned through California in 2017, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, making the company responsible for some of the damage that resulted. The authorities recently cleared the company of responsibility in an 18th fire in 2017, a giant blaze that killed 22. State officials are still investigating the utility’s role in the fire of 2018. This month, the utility’s chief executive left the company. PG&E has been cited for safety violations in recent months and was ordered to reinspect its entire grid for hazards.How much does the company owe for damage caused by the wildfires? The utility has estimated its fire liability at $30 billion. PG&E’s debt totaled almost $52 billion at the end of September, but that was before the big wildfires started in November. It’s also not the first time PG&E has declared bankruptcy — it did so in 2001 after the state tried to deregulate utilities. Last week, Moody’s and S&P Global Ratings downgraded the utility’s bonds to junk status.What does the utility’s bankruptcy mean for residents in central and Northern California?Customers will still get power, but that electricity might become more expensive as PG&E tries to recoup its losses from the fires. The company has asked the bankruptcy court to allow it to continue reduced-rate programs for low-income residents. Bankruptcy could make it easier for customers to file new claims against the company for damage in more recent fires, but it’s likely to slow down payouts for claims that have already been filed.What does it mean for California’s renewable energy goals?California’s government is trying to increase the use of renewable energy, and PG&E said it wanted to continue its clean energy programs. But the utility’s bankruptcy filing could make that difficult. The utility will be able to renegotiate its energy contracts with suppliers to secure lower rates, and that could hurt renewable energy producers. Some producers supply all of their energy to PG&E, and although business is continuing as usual for now, they’re already feeling the pinch as their credit ratings are downgraded, too.Since the early days of the modern environmental movement, activists have embraced solar and wind power. A “small is beautiful” mantra guided a “soft path” to the renewables revolution.That vision inspired an open letter sent last week by hundreds of grass-roots environmental groups to Congress demanding a rapid transition to 100 percent renewable energy and explicitly rejecting virtually all forms of emissions-free power except solar and wind. The letter (notably lacking the signatures of six of the major national environmental groups) is one of several competing efforts to define a Green New Deal, an inchoate idea that has recently captured the political imagination on the center and left. The energy and ambition of this effort is certainly worthy of applause. But environmental leaders in Congress must recognize a hard truth. The Green New Deal will be no deal if all it buys us is solar and wind power.A breakthrough on climate will depend on a willingness by Democrats and others to harness the well-intended ambition of activists while focusing on practical ways to take carbon out of our power system. Otherwise, Republicans won’t go along, and it won’t be feasible for the electric power grid.Wind and solar have come a long way since the early days. These sources now produce about 9 percent of the electricity in the United States, and their costs have declined dramatically in recent years.We can celebrate that progress without turning it into a narrow mandate. We recently reviewed 40 studies of decarbonization pathways, and the results could not have been clearer. Without exception, every study that sought to identify the most affordable clean electricity system without artificially constraining available technology options reached the same conclusion: It was much cheaper to include so-called firm low-carbon technologies such as nuclear, carbon capture, or reliable but often overlooked renewables like geothermal or hydro dams with large reservoirs, than it would be to build a clean energy system without them.Firm electricity generation resources are available on demand, for any length of time, any season of the year. That makes them a critical complement to weather-dependent wind and solar, as well as resources like batteries or strategies like demand flexibility (which permits consumers to reduce their electricity use in periods when supplies are strained) that are best suited to fast bursts of use.In other words, firm technologies complete the clean energy team. Wind and solar add value to the grid and can even be star players. But they aren’t cut out to win the decarbonization game all on their own. Why? The variability challenge of renewables is greater than is generally appreciated. The problem is not simply the setting sun and the hourly dips in wind generation; the toughest challenge comes from the weeks and months when wind and solar production decline dramatically because of seasonal factors or prolonged weather fronts.To get through those lengthy periods, renewables-dominated systems have to be supersized, installing three to eight times more power capacity than peak demand so they can fill the void when solar and wind output is diminished. That means they also produce way too much electricity when favorable conditions return. That excess is either wasted or stored (at a cost) for later use. And, presently, storage technologies are not available to do the job cost effectively at the scale we are talking about. If such a system were to be built, it would feature a lot of poorly utilized, capital-intensive wind, solar and storage assets. Unless the cost of those technologies falls to extremely low levels, we’ll be forced to choose between clean energy and affordability. The recent riots in Paris show how that conflict might play out.Clean power systems with a mix of fuels can more easily match generation to demand and productively use all assets more often, making these systems more economical to operate. There’s no waste of large surpluses of energy or the need to develop seasonal energy storage. These advantages make the economics of a balanced low-carbon power system more attractive than those that rely solely on weather-dependent renewables. Maintaining fuel diversity also minimizes the zero-sum politics of an all-renewables grid. We don’t need to shutter the nuclear and fossil fuel industries to achieve environmental goals.To be clear, firm energy technologies face daunting challenges of their own. No one believes it is easy to build nuclear or carbon-capture power plants, which would capture carbon dioxide emissions and utilize or permanently store them. Enhanced geothermal energy (which uses techniques similar to fracking to unlock renewable energy) is still an emerging technology. But the value of these resources to a decarbonized power system would be very high, justifying efforts to accelerate their development and deployment.We are not alone in our conclusions. In his State of the State address Tuesday, Gov. Andrew Cuomo of New York deliberately outlined a transition to a 100-percent clean, carbon-free energy system by 2040 — not an all-renewables system. California recently did the same. When two of the most environmentally progressive states both see the wisdom of a broad path to decarbonization, activists would be wise to heed their pragmatic conclusions.Expanding and improving the set of firm, carbon-free energy resources would make it much more affordable and feasible to eliminate greenhouse gas emissions from electric power plants. That’s something Green New Dealers and Americans of all political stripes could get behind. Jesse Jenkins is a postdoctoral environmental fellow at Harvard. Samuel Thernstrom is the founder and executive director of the Energy Innovation Reform Project, and a senior fellow at the Center for the National Interest.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Anne Martini believes that following the principles of feng shui has resulted in concrete benefits for her and her family. When she first had her home analyzed 17 years ago, she was being laid off from a pharmaceutical company.Her feng shui expert advised her to put water in the front of her house in Princeton, N.J., to bring prosperity.“My landscaper dug six feet in the ground and created a fountain in the front, just as I was negotiating my severance package,” Ms. Martini said. “I ended up getting a quarter-million dollars more than what they had initially offered. I’ve since added two more water structures — 8-by-20-foot features — more water, more wealth!”Feng shui — the Chinese practice of using the flow of “energies” in the home to create harmony and good health — is a technique that is thousands of years old, combining Chinese astrology with the shape, magnetic direction and age of structures. It has become a popular practice for Asians and non-Asians alike as Chinese influence on cultures worldwide has grown.But just cleaning the house and decluttering space for the Lunar New Year is not good enough. Feng shui experts say energies and directions change yearly, making it important to get your home’s design in tune with the Year of the Yin Earth Pig, which started on Feb. 5 and runs until Jan. 24, 2020.David Cho, the feng shui consultant based in California who re-evaluates Ms. Martini’s home every year, said he also evaluates about 1,000 properties a year worldwide, the majority of which are owned by non-Asian clients. He’s currently working on a resort in Costa Rica, a townhouse in Manhattan, a castle in Ireland and factories in Saudi Arabia. (Consultants may charge either by property size or by the hour, with fees often starting at $400.)“Feng shui is not a one-size-fits-all thing,” Mr. Cho said. “I calculate a structure’s shape, magnetic direction and factor in the year built. The client’s relationship to a home is then determined by his or her gender and date of birth.”If you want to try some feng shui for yourself, Mr. Cho’s tips for this year include: ■ To maintain good health, accessorize the northeast area of your home with metal objects. ■ To expedite the completion of a project, add metal objects to the southwest area of your home. If your bedroom is in the southwest, and you can’t move it, put 25 pounds of metal under the bed. ■ If you’re looking for love, and your Chinese animal sign is a:Rat, dragon or monkey, place a water fountain on the center of the bedroom’s west wall.Ox, snake or rooster, place it on the center of the bedroom’s south wall.Tiger, horse or dog, place it on the center of the bedroom’s east wall.Rabbit, ram or pig, place it on the center of the bedroom’s north wall.Mr. Cho, who has been working with feng shui for more than 25 years, practices the Flying Stars school of feng shui, one of many schools of feng shui thought that aim to determine the best spaces inside and outside a home to enhance health, wealth, relationships and love.In general, Mr. Cho said, it’s a good idea to soften hard surfaces, like marble floors, with area rugs. And when it comes to getting rid of clutter in the home, don’t forget to throw out “toxic relationships,” he added.Debbie Sharp, head of The Sharp Group with Keller-Williams Peninsula Estates in Burlingame, Calif., retains Mr. Cho on an annual basis to do feng shui recommendations for her listings in the San Francisco Bay Area.“At least 80 percent of our homes are vacant and staged, and we do an optimization plan with David,” said Ms. Sharp, who also uses feng shui principles in her own home. “We don’t advertise the feng shui, but brokers and buyers always say, ‘I love the way it feels in here.’ Space, layout, energy and flow really influences people’s buying decisions.”Virginia Paca, an architect in Pasadena, Calif., who has worked primarily on historic houses and gardens in Albany, N.Y., and Southern California, said: “People are affected by the spaces they’re in, so improving your life by altering your living environment makes sense to me. There are elements of feng shui that feel similar to the way Western culture uses astrology. Some people take it very seriously. Its principles can be interpreted on a simple level and on a much deeper level.”For the last 15 years, Wei Dong, a professor in the School of Human Ecology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, has taken students to China on an international study abroad program that examines the concepts of feng shui.“Feng shui is a philosophy of life,” Mr. Dong said. “Good feng shui means being in harmony with nature, or your environment, your mind and your soul. We are all searching for something beyond functionality. I use feng shui to teach art design, painting, drawing and how to live your life.”For example, he said, if you are stressed, in feng shui terms, you have too much fire in your life, so don’t eat spicy food when you need to calm down. Water puts out fire, so seek out the tranquillity of nature and water. “If you’re stressed out, go jogging in the park,” he said.M. Carol Assa, a feng shui consultant in Los Angeles, explained that one of the 12 Chinese astrological animals and an element (fire, earth, wind, water or air) were combined annually to determine energies and directions for that year. These animal-element combinations occur in 60-year cycles.“This means that the energy of 2019 will be comparable to the energy of 1959, a year of transition that led into the cultural revolution of the ‘60s,” Ms. Assa explained. “Right now, everyone’s upset, and things are fomenting. So 2019 is a great year to put ideas together for launching in 2020.”She said that today, there is chaos in every corner of life — human rights, economics, politics, the emergence of “fake news” — but she predicted that next year would begin a new revolutionary cycle.Ms. Assa, who has been practicing for 25 years, has studied with Chinese feng shui masters from England, Hong Kong, Malaysia and Taiwan and combines elements from three schools of feng shui thought — Flying Stars, Imperial and Da Gua — in her consultations.In 2019, she said, “afflictions are located in the west, northwest, southwest and southeast.”Her tips for this year: ■ Don’t dig, cut or renovate in the northwest corner of your home. Try to avoid having your home office in this sector, and don’t sit facing the northwest. ■ The southwest will be the worst sector of a home. For good luck, you can place a set of six Chinese I-Ching coins tied with ribbon, or a six-rod hollow metal wind chime in that area. Alternatively, place a picture in a metal frame there, as it’s the intention that matters. ■ The constant opening and closing of a front door can disturb the energy of a home this year if it is in the west, northwest or southeast. If your front door is in that sector, avoid slamming the door.OSLO — When Norway's largest political party decided that the Lofoten Islands in the north should not be opened up to oil exploration, a chill ran down the spine of the energy industry.The decision by the opposition Labour party last weekend effectively ended any chance of drilling in the foreseeable future in an area of natural beauty that energy executives say is important to the future of the country's oil production.It was a stark example of how priorities are changing in a country that has become one of the world's richest on the back of oil. In particular, young people concerned about climate change are pushing for curbs on exploration, with many thinking the unthinkable: shutting down the oil industry altogether."Climate comes before cash," said Simon Sand, 16, demonstrating in front of Parliament during a recent climate protest inspired by Swedish teenage activist Gretha Thunberg.While some might dismiss such protests as youthful rebellion, young people are undeniably driving change. The decision by Labour, a traditional ally of the oil industry, to withdraw its support for Lofoten drilling was largely down to an internal campaign by its AUF youth wing. "In this area, nature has to come first," AUF leader Ina Libak, 29, told Reuters. "Because it's so vulnerable, and because of fisheries and other kinds of industries."Indeed the youth wings of seven out of the nine parliamentary parties in Norway call to either restrict or to completely phase out petroleum activities, according to a Reuters review of the programmes of the youth organisations. The youth wing of the ruling Conservative party does not call for restrictions, but says it assumes "market and environment-based" downsizing of the industry. Labour's AUF wants to phase it out altogether by 2035.Labour's Lofoten move, which created a parliamentary majority against drilling, caused consternation in the oil and gas industry. The area is estimated to contain 5 percent of total undiscovered resources on the Norwegian continental shelf and, furthermore, executives fear the green lobby will soon move on to their next target, such as exploration in the Arctic.Unions highlighted the economic risks of winding down the oil and gas sector - it employs 170,000 people and is the country's top moneymaker, projected by the government to produce 17 percent of gross domestic product this year."Every responsible government, on the left or on the right, will need to balance the budget and they will have to rely on revenues from oil and gas," said Frode Alfheim, the leader of the top trade union for oil workers, Industri Energi."Those revenues are not possible to replace from other sources. Much of the welfare state comes from this industry," he told Reuters.(GRAPHIC-Falling number of uni petroleum studies applicants - https://tmsnrt.rs/2X2nu9G)STRUGGLE FOR STAFFAnother sign of the hardening opposition towards fossil fuels, particularly young people, and its impact on the energy industry is a lack of qualified recruits to replace a rapidly ageing oil and gas workforce.State oil giant Equinor, the top oil producer in Norway by far, expects about half of its 21,000-strong workforce to retire in the next decade.Yet the number of applications for petroleum geosciences and engineering programme at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) in Trondheim, the country's leading programme, fell to 33 in 2018 from 420 in 2013 - though the 2014-2016 downturn in crude prices could also have been a big driver."It will be hard for us to provide enough for the oil companies in the next five years," Egil Tjaaland, head of the Department of Geoscience and Petroleum at NTNU told Reuters."Is this a response to the price of oil or is it because of environmental reasons, or political reasons? Young people today are looking for a secure job in and a job with a future – as it has always been," he added. But those calling for Norway - western Europe's largest oil producer and Europe's second-largest gas supplier after Russia - to wean itself off oil and gas say the future of jobs in the country is a big factor motivating their campaign. "The worst thing that we can do for people working in oil and gas industry is to close our eyes to what's happening abroad and just say 'good luck with this'," Libak of Labour's AUF said."When Europe stops using oil and gas and switches to other energy sources, and that is happening very fast, it would affect us ... I'm really concerned that we will have high unemployment in 20 years if we don't make that plan now."(GRAPHIC-Petroleum sector is largest emitter in Norway - https://tmsnrt.rs/2Ido4xT)WHEN, NOT IFAda Johanna Arnstad, leader of the youth wing of the agrarian Centre Party, questioned how Norway could maintain high oil and gas output if countries met their carbon emissions reduction goals under the Paris climate accord, leading to falling demand for fossil fuels. "Right now we (Norway) are planning for the Paris agreement to come true. If it does, we will have huge issues in Norway if we continue to bet that oil and gas production will last for another 50 years," the 26-year-old said. Her family is well-versed in the energy sector; her aunt, Marit Arnstad, is a former oil minister and an ex-member of the board of Equinor. The state oil giant changed its name from Statoil last year, partly to become more appealing to young people by emphasising its renewable energy credentials. "Let's face it, the increased pressure and higher expectations (on oil companies) are not only coming from narrow political groupings, and activists, as they used to," Equinor CEO Eldar Saetre told oil executives in Houston last month. "But increasingly also from broader political circles, from more and more investors, and not least from young people." From being a poor country characterised by emigration and living off fishing and agriculture, Norway became prosperous after oil was discovered at Ekofisk in the North Sea in 1969.It now enjoys a GDP per capita roughly twice the level of Britain's, according to 2018 International Monetary Fund data, and prudently pooled its revenues from oil into a sovereign wealth fund, now $1 trillion in size and the world's largest.However, in a sign of the times, the giant wealth fund is itself now reducing its investments in oil and gas explorers to reduce its exposure to a risk of a permanent decline in oil prices.For the country's central bank, which manages the fund that owns about 1.4 percent of all equities worldwide, it's not a matter of whether the oil industry will disappear, but when."We have always known that oil and gas activities will be phased out sooner or later," Central bank Governor Oeystein Olsen told a meeting of Norway's political and business elite in February."A stricter global climate policy may mean that this will occur sooner than foreseen earlier," he said, though cautioned against actively forcing a downsizing of the industry. (Additional reporting by Alister Doyle and Lefteris Karagiannopoulos in Oslo; Editing by Gwladys Fouche and Pravin Char)SEATTLE — Jay Inslee, the governor of Washington and former member of Congress who has made climate change and the environment his signature issues, jumped into the crowded field of 2020 Democratic contenders for president on Friday.Mr. Inslee, 68, has led the state during a powerful economic expansion since taking office as governor in 2013, especially in the Seattle area. Amazon and other tech companies have hired tens of thousands of workers, and export-driven manufacturers like Boeing have boomed.But he has had mixed success in getting some of his ideas put into practice, especially those on renewable, low-carbon energy. He failed twice with voters, and once in the Legislature, to enact the nation’s first carbon tax, aimed at reducing planet-warming greenhouse gas emissions. Many residents, elected officials and business leaders balked, concerned that energy costs would rise.[Read about where Jay Inslee stands on the issues]In a video released by his campaign titled “Our Moment,” Mr. Inslee spares no time getting to his core environmental message, with the word “climate,” mentioned at least 10 times in just over 80 seconds.Shown chatting up farmers and factory workers and surveying fire disasters, Mr. Inslee says he is the only candidate for president who would make the issue the nation’s No. 1 priority, but he combines that thought with an economic development message — that a moonshot like focus on climate and a push toward “100 percent clean energy,” would also create millions of jobs. But he says the clock is ticking.“We’re the first generation to feel the sting of climate change, and we’re the last that can do something about it,” Mr. Inslee says.In speeches around the nation leading up to his announcement, Mr. Inslee has framed his candidacy around themes that are deeply familiar to residents of his home state. Biting attacks on President Trump and Republicans in Congress — popular in the strongly Democratic counties in and around Seattle — are combined with sometimes lofty, sometimes dire, rhetoric that the nation and the world are at a pivot point, where delay on energy and climate will be disastrous for future generations.[Who’s in, who’s out and who’s still thinking about it. Check out our presidential candidate tracker.]“This is the 11th hour, but it is Washington’s hour to shine. It’s a time of great peril, but also of great promise,” Governor Inslee said in his State of the State speech earlier this year. “I don’t know of any other issue that touches the heart of things so many of us care about: our jobs, our health, our safety and our children’s future,” he added, referring to climate change.Mr. Inslee has said in recent speeches that he would push the nation to global leadership in research and development of lower-carbon energy policies, likening the effort to the mass mobilizations and deployment of resources during World War II. But his base of support in his home state is also narrow.In his election to the governor’s office in 2012, he carried only eight of the state’s 39 counties, all of them along the heavily populated liberal western slope of the Cascade Range. He trailed his Republican challenger in more rural and conservative agricultural communities. In his second campaign four years later, he carried nine counties.Many Washington residents, even those who admire Mr. Inslee and have voted for him, are prone to sometimes mock him for his sunny, boyish enthusiasm in talking about passions like ocean acidification and carbon.“He’s a true believer,” said Travis N. Ridout, a professor of government and public policy at Washington State University and longtime observer of Mr. Inslee. “He’s identified with climate change. Other than that, it’s hard to — at least in my mind — come up with signature policy focuses. The positive of that is that it’s hard to think of the big scandals he’s been involved in either. He’s fairly low drama. He’s not a firebrand.”Mr. Inslee, a lawyer and former prosecutor, is a fifth-generation Washingtonian who grew up in the Seattle area and has credited part of his appreciation for the natural world to his father,  Frank Inslee, a high school science teacher who often led the family on volunteer expeditions to replant alpine meadows on the slopes of Mount Rainier, the glacier-clad volcano south of Seattle.One Democratic political consultant, Rebecca Katz, said that climate has risen in importance in the 2020 race with the introduction of the Green New Deal, a congressional resolution calling for an aggressive mobilization to move the United States to renewable energy and eliminate greenhouse gas emissions. Mr. Inslee has praised the Green New Deal, as have a number of senators who are also running for president — Cory Booker, Kirsten Gillibrand, Kamala Harris, Amy Klobuchar, Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren.“The benefit of Inslee is that he actually has a record here,” Ms. Katz said. “There’s a lot of candidates who have kind of seen the light and are now for a Green New Deal, but Inslee has been talking about this issue for a long time.”In a 23-minute speech on Friday to supporters who had crowded into a solar energy company warehouse south of downtown Seattle, Mr. Inslee spoke almost as much about optimism and hope as climate.The belief that the nation can rise to the challenge of climate threats and push toward a zero-carbon energy system, he said — and do it with social justice and fairness — is crucial to the effort.”We are an optimistic America that can do great things,” he said. “We know we can do hard things.” And under his presidency, he added, one of the first hard things would be ending special treatment for the fossil fuel industry.“I have a message for the oil, coal and gas special interests — that gravy train is over,” he said.Mr. Inslee is the first major-party politician from Washington State to run for president since Senator Henry M. Jackson, who was also a Democrat. Mr. Jackson was briefly a contender in 1976 before ultimately losing the nomination to Jimmy Carter, who won the general election that fall.In a statement to the crowd about climate — though it seemed to be about Mr. Inslee’s candidacy as well — he said that timing was everything. “We have one chance to defeat climate change and it is right now,” he said. “And it is my belief that if you have one chance in life, you take it.”(Reuters) - Oil major Chevron Corp's $33 billion deal on Friday to acquire Anadarko Petroleum Corp has some investors and industry executives asking whether it is time for other U.S. shale oil and gas producers to consider selling themselves.Anadarko has been one of the pioneers of the shale revolution, which turned the United States into the world's biggest oil producer, overtaking Russia and Saudi Arabia. The Houston-based company's willingness to ink a sale, rather than capitalize on oil prices rebounding, illustrates the significant challenges facing many U.S. shale producers.These challenges include exploration and production becoming more expensive, as the oil and gas that is easier to access gets scarcer and existing wells turn less productive. Deep-pocketed oil majors such as Chevron can better cope with these costs, because they can get cheaper drilling rates by committing to longer contacts and afford cutting-edge technology to get more out of wells. Shale producers such as Pioneer Natural Resources, Continental Resources, Diamondback Energy and Concho Resources have already been under pressure from investors to improve their profitability. Many investors now say Chevron's deal will embolden them to grill companies in the sector whether it is time to throw in the towel and sell."If you have large acreage positions like Pioneer and Concho, or lesser but more contiguous positions like Parsley Energy, and you're a pure-play Permian producer, there's no doubt that you are on the radar screen for these majors," said Rob Thummel, portfolio manager at Tortoise Capital Advisors.Pioneer, Concho and Parsley shares rose 11.5 percent, 8.8 percent and 11.7 percent respectively on Friday following the announcement of the sale of Anadarko, amid investor speculation over who the next takeover target will be.U.S. financial services firm Cowen & Co said independent producers expect to spend about 11 percent less in 2019, while major oil companies plan to spend about 16 percent more. Pioneer, one of the Permian's largest producers, said in February it plans to reduce 2019 capital expenditures by 11 percent, or about $350 million, in an effort to appease investors.While there has been dealmaking in the last 12 months - both Concho Resources Inc and Diamondback Energy Inc have bought rivals - many of the large producers which spent years gobbling each other up have been sitting on their hands, under shareholder pressure to focus on creating stronger returns.The sale of Anadarko could likely change that for potential acquirers, including ConocoPhillips and Occidental Petroleum Corp, the two largest U.S. independents behind the majors. Occidental was the rival bidder that lost out to Chevron in the race to buy Anadarko, sources said on Friday."At some point in time in the next few years the majors may reach out," Pioneer CEO Scott Sheffield told Reuters this week, before Chevron's acquisition was announced. He declined to comment on whether majors had approached Pioneer directly.Asked about his appetite for deals in February, Conoco CEO Ryan Lance said it would have to be an unusual opportunity for the company to consider an acquisition.    "We are not feeling any pressure to do anything," he said.RUNNING OUT OF INVENTORY Given the substantial production forecasts being offered by some of the majors such as Exxon Mobil Corp, they will need to acquire new acreage at a big scale to offset the often sharp declines experienced by shale wells.The majors "are eventually going to run out of inventory," said Pioneer's Sheffield. "They are drilling their inventory faster than the independents, so they are going to run out a lot faster, in my opinion."BP Plc and Royal Dutch Shell Plc, which lag peers like Exxon and Chevron in the Permian, could make acquisitions to gain more exposure to the formation, analysts said.Shell was seen as the leading contender to buy privately owned Permian producer Endeavor Energy, people familiar with the transaction told Reuters, but the two companies have, so far, failed to agree on Endeavor's valuation.Shell is further constrained by its target to spend only $30 billion on capital projects in 2019, including acquisitions, said Noah Barnett, an analyst at Janus Henderson. (Reporting by David French, Jessica Resnick-Ault and Devika Krishna Kumar; Editing by Greg Roumeliotis and Cynthia Osterman)Welcome, earthlings, to the place of no return: a region in space where the gravitational pull is so strong, not even light can escape it. This is a black hole.It’s O.K. to feel lost here. Even Albert Einstein, whose theory of general relativity made it possible to conceive of such a place, thought the concept was too bizarre to exist. But Einstein was wrong, and here you are.You shouldn’t be here. Surely you will be pulled in. But fear not, dear earthling: Your brain has taken millions of years to get here, and it’s ready for this gaze into the darkness. So let’s get started.[Sign up to get reminders for space and astronomy events on your calendar.]A black hole is a hungry beastIt swallows up everything too close, too slow or too small to fight its gravitational force. With every planet, gas, star or bit of mass consumed, the black hole grows.The edge of a black hole, its event horizon, is the point of no return. At the event horizon, light is drawn in to a black hole, never to escape. And nothing is faster than light.If you fell into a black hole, it’s not clear how you would dieWill gravity rip you apart and crush you into the black hole’s core? Or will a firewall of energy sizzle you into oblivion? Could some essence of you ever emerge from a black hole? The question of how you would die inside a black hole is one of the biggest debates in physics. Called the firewall paradox, it was posited in March 2012 by a group of theorists including Donald Marolf, Ahmed Almheiri, James Sully and Joseph Polchinski.Based on the mathematics in Einstein’s general theory of relativity of 1915, you would fall through the event horizon unscathed, then the force of gravity would pull you into a noodle and ultimately cram you into singularity, the black hole’s infinitely dense core.But Dr. Polchinski and his team pitted Einstein against quantum theory, which posited that an event horizon is a blazing firewall of energy that would torch your body to smithereens. However, the presence of a firewall would violate the precious principles of relativity, which decreed the existence of black holes. And so physics is stuck.Pretty much everything we know about how the universe works depends on black holes.Either someone is wrong, or we have to admit that earthlings still aren’t equipped to understand the universe. The firewall paradox calls into question the most definitive theories of science. The insights and wisdom of Einstein, Polchinski or Stephen Hawking notwithstanding, everything we know about the universe could change if we could know for certain what happens to information inside a black hole.Black holes can singIn 2003, an international team led by the X-ray astronomer Andrew Fabian discovered the longest, oldest, lowest note in the universe — a black hole’s song — using NASA’s Chandra X-ray Observatory. The B flat note, 57 octaves below middle C, appeared as sound waves that emanated from explosive events at the edge of a supermassive black hole in the galaxy NGC 1275.The notes stayed in the galaxy and never reached us, but we couldn’t have heard them anyway. The lowest note the human ear can detect has an oscillation period of one-twentieth of a second. This B flat’s period was 10 million years.The “songs” of black holes may be responsible for a declining birthrate of stars in the universe. In clusters of galaxies such as Perseus, the home of NGC 1275, the energy these notes carry is thought to keep the gases too hot to condense and form stars.Astronomers have evidence for black holes in nearly every galaxy in the universeAlthough no black hole is close enough to Earth to pull the planet to its doom, there are so many black holes in the universe that counting them is impossible. Nearly every galaxy — our own Milky Way, as well as the 100 billion or so other galaxies visible from Earth — shows signs of a supermassive black hole in its center. Moreover the bigger a galaxy is, the more massive is its central black hole. Nobody knows why.Of the billions of stars in the Milky Way, about one in every 1,000 new stars is massive enough to become a black hole. Our sun is not. But a star 25 times heavier is. Stellar-mass black holes result from the death of these stars, and can exist anywhere in the galaxy.Black holes are stellar tombstonesOn July 2, 1967, a network of satellites recorded an explosion of gamma rays coming from outer space. In retrospect, it was one of the first indications that black holes are real. Today, scientists believe that a gamma ray burst is the final breath of a dying star and the birth of a stellar-mass black hole.The dramatic transformation starts when a massive star runs out of fuel. As the star begins to collapse, it explodes. The star’s outer layers spew out into space, but the inside implodes, becoming denser and denser, until there is too much matter in too little space. The core succumbs to its own gravitational pull and collapses into itself, in extreme cases forming a black hole.Theoretically, if you shrank any mass down into a certain amount of space, it could become a black hole. Our planet would be one if you tried to cram Earth into a pea.‘A black hole has no hair’On March 28, 2011, astronomers detected a long gamma ray burst coming from the center of a galaxy 4 billion light-years away. This was the first time humans observed what might have been a dormant black hole eating a star.No matter what a black hole eats — a star, a donkey, an iPhone, your grammar teacher — it’s all the same to the black hole. “A black hole has no hair,” the physicist John Archibald Wheeler once said, meaning that a black hole remembers only the mass, spin and charge of its dinner.The more a black hole eats, the more it grows. In 2011, scientists discovered one of the biggest black holes ever, more than 300 million light-years away. It weighs enough to have gobbled up 21 billion suns. Scientists want to know if the biggest black holes are the result of two holes merging or one hole eating a lot. But scientists don’t know how they grew so large.To find the darkness, follow the lightLight can’t escape a black hole, so seeing what’s inside one is impossible. Getting a picture of a black hole’s edge is difficult, and getting a clear picture is something else entirely.And until now, it has never been done. So far, scientists have detected black holes only indirectly, by their signatures, such as a gamma ray burst, supernova or, perhaps, an object on the brink of a black hole’s event horizon. Typically, if tremendous energy is emanating from a massive core at the center of a galaxy, the core is probably a black hole.The Event Horizon Telescope, the one Sheperd Doeleman and his colleagues used to photograph the black hole in the galaxy M87, features a cast of more than 100 scientists on four continents and one very important crystal used to calibrate atomic clocks. In April 2017 scientists staked out eight telescopes atop mountains on four continents, synchronized them, pointed them at the sky and waited. And so they brought Einstein’s monster, the black hole, into view for the first time. A black hole is not foreverQuantum effects suggest that, as Hawking radiation leaks into the universe, a black hole will dissipate, eventually. It would take many times the age of the universe for a black hole to fully evaporate.Like Einstein, Dr. Hawking at first did not believe his own theory. But the numbers were right. Physicists now view his result as the backbone for whatever future theory will bring together gravity and quantum theory.A giant magnet in Europe will not destroy the planetBefore the European Organization for Nuclear Research fired up the Large Hadron Collider in 2008, critics worried that smashing together protons in a 17-mile ring underground would create a black hole that would swallow the earth.Scientists had smaller ones in mind. In theory, the search for the smallest particles in the universe might kick up mini black holes in the collider’s underground tubes, enabling researchers to observe general relativity and quantum mechanics in action, and perhaps open the door to solving the firewall paradox.A decade earlier, similarly apocalyptic worries arose over Brookhaven National Laboratory’s Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider. The center’s scientists squelched these concerns by pointing out that, according to their calculations, ultrahigh-energy cosmic rays were already penetrating the atmosphere and would have created about 100 tiny black holes on Earth every year. If tiny black holes were a genuine problem, Earth would have collapsed into infinity long ago.Still, in June 2008, a safety review proclaimed the L.H.C. safe. Experiments commenced, the Higgs boson was found and Earth survived after all.Astronomers announced on Wednesday that at last they had captured an image of the unobservable: a black hole, a cosmic abyss so deep and dense that not even light can escape it.For years, and for all the mounting scientific evidence, black holes have remained marooned in the imaginations of artists and the algorithms of splashy computer models of the kind used in Christopher Nolan's outer-space epic “Interstellar.” Now they are more real than ever.“We have seen what we thought was unseeable,” said Shep Doeleman, an astronomer at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, and director of the effort to capture the image, during a Wednesday news conference in Washington, D.C.The image, of a lopsided ring of light surrounding a dark circle deep in the heart of a galaxy known as Messier 87, some 55 million light-years away from Earth, resembled the Eye of Sauron, a reminder yet again of the implacable power of nature. It is a smoke ring framing a one-way portal to eternity.To capture the image, astronomers reached across intergalactic space to Messier 87, or M87, a giant galaxy in the constellation Virgo. There, a black hole several billion times more massive than the sun is unleashing a violent jet of energy some 5,000 light-years into space.[Sign up to get reminders for space and astronomy events on your calendar.]The image offered a final, ringing affirmation of an idea so disturbing that even Einstein, from whose equations black holes emerged, was loath to accept it. If too much matter is crammed into one place, the cumulative force of gravity becomes overwhelming, and the place becomes an eternal trap. Here, according to Einstein’s theory, matter, space and time come to an end and vanish like a dream.On Wednesday morning that dark vision became a visceral reality. As far as the team of astronomers could ascertain, the shape of the shadow is circular, as Einstein’s theory predicts. The results were announced simultaneously at news conferences in Washington, D.C., and five other places around the world, befitting an international collaboration involving 200 members, nine telescopes and six papers for the Astrophysical Journal Letters. When the image was put up on the screen in Washington, cheers and gasps, followed by applause, broke out in the room and throughout a universe of astrofans following the live-streamed event.Priyamvada Natarajan, an astrophysicist at Yale, said that Einstein must be delighted. “His theory has just been stress-tested under conditions of extreme gravity, and looks to have held up.” Kip Thorne, an astrophysicist at the California Institute of Technology, and who shared a Nobel Prize in 2017 for the discovery of gravitational waves from colliding black holes, wrote in an email: “It is wonderful to see the nearly circular shadow of the black hole. There can be no doubt this really is a black hole at the center of M87, with no signs of deviations from general relativity.”Janna Levin, a cosmologist and professor at Barnard College in New York, said, “What a time to be alive.” A telescope the size of EarthThe image emerged from two years of computer analysis of observations from a network of radio antennas called the Event Horizon Telescope. In all, eight radio observatories on six mountains and four continents observed the galaxy in Virgo on and off for 10 days in April 2017. The telescope array also monitored a dim source of radio noise called Sagittarius A* (pronounced Sagittarius A-star), at the heart of our Milky Way galaxy. There, 26,000 light-years from Earth, and cloaked in interstellar dust and gas, lurks another black hole, with a mass of 4.1 million suns.The network is named after the edge of a black hole, the point of no return; beyond the event horizon, not even light can escape the black hole’s gravitational pull.The mystery of black holes has tantalized astronomers for more than half a century. In the 1950s, astronomers with radio telescopes discovered that pearly, seemingly peaceful galaxies were spewing radio energy from their cores — far more energy than would be produced by the ordinary thermonuclear engines that make stars shine. Perhaps, astrophysicists thought, the energy was being liberated by matter falling onto supermassive, dense objects — later called black holes. Since then, scientists have devised detailed models of how this would work. As hot, dense gas swirls around the black hole, like water headed down a drain, the intense pressures and magnetic fields cause energy to squirt out the side. As a paradoxical result, supermassive black holes can be the most luminous objects in the universe.The images released today bolster the notion of violence perpetrated over cosmic scales, said Sera Markoff, an astrophysicist at the University of Amsterdam, and a member of the Event Horizon team. “Black holes must be the most exotic major disrupters of cosmic order,” she said.Einstein’s least favorite ideaThe unveiling today took place almost exactly a century after images of stars askew in the heavens made Einstein famous and confirmed his theory of general relativity as the law of the cosmos. That theory ascribes gravity to the warping of space and time by matter and energy, much as a mattress sags under a sleeper.General relativity led to a new conception of the cosmos, in which space-time could quiver, bend, rip, expand, swirl like a mix-master and even disappear forever into the maw of a black hole.To Einstein’s surprise, the equations indicated that when too much matter or energy was concentrated in one place, space-time could collapse, trapping matter and light in perpetuity. He disliked that idea, but the consensus today is that the universe is speckled with black holes furiously consuming everything around them.Many are the gravitational tombstones of stars that burned up their fuel and collapsed. But others, hidden in the center of nearly every galaxy, are millions or billions of times more massive than the sun.Nobody knows how such behemoths of nothingness could have been assembled. Dense wrinkles in the primordial energies of the Big Bang? Monster runaway stars that collapsed and swallowed up their surroundings in the dawning years of the universe?Nor do scientists know what ultimately happens to whatever falls into a black hole, nor what forces reign at the center, where, theoretically, the density approaches infinity and smoke pours from nature’s computer.Zeroing in on cosmic monstersAny lingering doubts about the reality of black holes dissolved three years ago when the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory, or LIGO, detected the collision of a pair of distant black holes, which sent a shiver through the fabric of space-time.Now the reality has a face. Peter Galison, a physicist, filmmaker and historian at Harvard, and a member of the Event Horizon team, noted that there is “a wonderful open-ended sense of being able to see something” instead of merely accumulating statistical evidence.Still, questions about gravity and the universe abound. “We know there must be something more,” Avery Broderick, a physicist at the University of Waterloo, in Ontario, told the audience in Washington, D.C. “Black holes are one of the places to look for answers.”Proving that the monsters in Virgo and the center of the Milky Way were really black holes required measuring the sizes of their shadows. That was no easy job. Both look exceedingly small from this distance, and resolving their tiny details would be a challenge for even the biggest individual telescope. Moreover, the view is blurred by the charged particles such as electrons and protons that fill interstellar space. “It’s like looking through frosted glass,” said Dr. Doeleman, director of the Event Horizon Telescope.To see into the shadows, astronomers needed to be able to tune their radio telescope to shorter wavelengths. And they needed a bigger telescope.Enter the Event Horizon Telescope, the dream child of Dr. Doeleman. By combining data from radio telescopes as far apart as the South Pole, France, Chile and Hawaii, using a technique called very long baseline interferometry, Dr. Doeleman and his colleagues created a telescope as big as Earth itself, with the power to resolve details as small as an orange on the lunar surface.In April 2017, the network of eight telescopes, including the South Pole Telescope, synchronized by atomic clocks, stared at the two targets off and on for 10 days.For two years, the Event Horizon team reduced and collated the results. The data were too voluminous to transmit over the internet, so they were placed on hard disks and flown back to M.I.T.’s Haystack Observatory, in Westford, Mass., and the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy, in Bonn, Germany.The data from the South Pole could not arrive before December 2017, Dr. Doeleman said in an interview, “because it was Antarctic winter, when nothing could go in or out.”Last year the team divided into four groups to assemble images from the data dump. To stay objective and guard against bias, the teams had no contact with each other. They readied themselves for an inconclusive or ambiguous result — a blur, perhaps, that they couldn’t quite read.“It was a surprise how clear this image is.”Dr. Doeleman grew optimistic last year at a dinner attended by some of the younger members of the team, who showed him the first data for M87. “There were clear signatures of a ringlike structure,” he said. After dinner, he went to his office and made some crude calculations. “That was one of those great moments,” he said. “It was a surprise how clear this image is.”As matter swirls into a black hole, it accretes into a disk just outside the abyss’s edge. The ring of light in the new image corresponds to the innermost orbit of photons, the quantum particles that make up light. By laying a ruler across that ring, astronomers could measure the size of the black hole and see that it met Einstein’s prescription. The measurement also gave a firm estimate of the mass of the Virgo black hole: 6.5 billion solar masses. That is heavier than most previous determinations, and it suggests that the masses of other big black holes may need to be revised upward. The observations also revealed that the accretion disk — the doughnut of doom — is on its side with regard to Earth, the hole facing us and spinning clockwise. The image is brighter where gas flows around the hole, toward us.Dr. Doeleman described the black hole in the center of the Milky Way as “a fascinating, interesting object.” But it is much smaller than the Virgo black hole, so its portrait is harder to capture. That task lies ahead for the Event Horizon Telescope.The telescope network continues to grow. In April 2018, a telescope in Greenland was added to the collaboration. Another observation run was made of the Milky Way and M87, and captured twice the amount of data gathered in 2017. That data was not part of the results released today, but will be used to confirm them and monitor the behavior of the black holes. Two more antennas are waiting to join the Event Horizon Telescope.“The plan is to carry out these observations indefinitely and see how things change,” said Dr. Doeleman, embarking on his new career as a tamer of extragalactic beasts.“It’s astonishing to think humans can turn the Earth into a telescope and see a black hole,” and still more amazing to do it with this team, he said. “That’s the best.”ALGIERS — Algeria's army chief said on Wednesday the judiciary will reopen old corruption investigations including a case related to state energy firm Sonatrach.Army Chief of Staff Lieutenant General Gaid Salah was giving a speech to military officers broadcast on the state TV channel.  (Reporting By Lamine Chikhi; Editing by Angus MacSwan)MERIDA, Mexico — Mexican government and business leaders met with U.S. counterparts for a second straight day on Friday, seeking to resolve border delays hurting commerce, hasten ratification of a trade deal, and address metals tariffs.The talks coincide with renewed tensions over trade and the U.S.-Mexico border after two years of uncertainty sparked by President Donald Trump's demand to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).Officials including U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross and Mexican Economy Minister Graciela Marquez are meeting on the sidelines of the so-called U.S.-Mexico CEO Dialogue in the Mexican city of Merida in the Yucatan peninsula.Discussions are centering on ratification of the deal agreed to replace NAFTA, the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA), as well as a dispute over tomato trade and the steel and aluminum tariffs the Trump administration imposed on Mexico nearly a year ago under the "Section 232," Marquez told Reuters.Marquez will be able to tout a workers' rights bill that Mexico's lower house of Congress approved late on Thursday, legislation that U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has called key to winning over Democrats wary of USMCA.Officials are also discussing delays at the border which have cost businesses on both sides millions of dollars.Slowdowns began late last month after Trump threatened to close the border if Mexico did not halt a surge of people, mostly Central Americans, seeking asylum in the United States. In the end, his administration reassigned several hundred border agents to handle the influx of migrants, creating staffing shortages that triggered long delays.Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador said at his regular morning news conference in anticipation of the talks in Merida, "And I expect if there's a problem with the time it's taking for goods to be transported and pass customs, that things will gradually return to normal."U.S. Customs and Border Protection will send about 100 agents to the border to speed up crossing times, a Democratic U.S. representative said on Thursday.REFINERYU.S. Deputy Energy Secretary Dan Brouillette met Mexico's Energy Minister Rocio Nahle and later told reporters that she had indicated to him that her government did not plan to roll back an energy overhaul passed by the previous administration.The 2013-14 reform opened up oil production and exploration to private capital, drawing significant interest from U.S. investors. At the time, Lopez Obrador roundly attacked the reform. However, he has since said he will give private operators time to show that they can increase output.Lopez Obrador wants to revive state oil company Pemex and plans to build an $8 billion refinery in his home state of Tabasco. A U.S. embassy spokesman said that Mexican officials hoped to help fund the project by reducing tax evasion. Mexico is eager to drum up investor interest in strategic projects in its southeastern states and allay any fears about how Lopez Obrador has been managing the Mexican economy, Latin America's second largest, since taking office in December.Lopez Obrador is scheduled to give closing remarks at the event later in the day.Economy Minister Marquez said fabricated structured steel would also be discussed after the U.S. International Trade Commission said last month that domestic producers were being harmed by imports of the product from Canada, China and Mexico. (Reporting by Anthony Esposito; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)Ridley Scott, eat your heart out.Like terrified moviegoers seated on the edges of their seats and at the mercy of their imaginations, astronomers expect this week to finally see the monster: a supermassive black hole.At 9 a.m. Eastern Time on Wednesday April 10, a group of astronomers who run a globe-girdling network of radio telescopes called the Event Horizon Telescope are expected to unveil their long awaited pictures of a pair of putative black holes. One of the objects sits at the center of the Milky Way galaxy, buried in the depths of interstellar dust and gas, and equivalent in mass to 4.1 million suns that otherwise have disappeared from the visible universe.[Sign up to get reminders for space and astronomy events on your calendar.]The other target is in the heart of Messier 87, a giant galaxy in the constellation Virgo, where a black hole 7 billion times the mass of the sun is spewing a jet of energy thousands of light-years across space.According to calculations, and if all has gone well, either or both of the black holes should appear as a tiny shadow backlit by the glow of radio energy at the galactic center.They might be circular, oval or some other shape entirely, depending on whether they are rotating, or if the Einsteinian equations describing them are slightly wrong, or if they are spitting flares of energy, which is how quasars produce fireworks visible across the universe.In such shadows the dreams of physicists die, time ends, space-time, matter and light disappear into the primordial nothing from which they spring, and the ghosts of Einstein and Hawking mingle with history and memory. For the first time, astronomers will be staring down the pipes of eternity.If, in fact, astronomers have finally brought the monsters into view at last. The Event Horizon team has been extremely tight-lipped. Nobody knows for certain if either of these black holes, if any, has been imaged.Shep Doeleman, director of the Event Horizon Telescope, was ebullient but guarded when reached last week at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. “The team is working exceptionally hard to quadruple-check all the results,” he said.But he and his colleagues are acting as if they have something to celebrate. The announcement of their results will take place simultaneously in six places around the world, reflecting the vast international nature of the collaboration. One news conference, at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C. will be presided over by France Córdova, head of the National Science Foundation. The team and their friends have booked the National Air and Space Museum for a party that evening.The unveiling will take place almost exactly a century after images of stars askew in the heavens made Einstein famous and confirmed his theory of general relativity as the law of the cosmos. That theory ascribes gravity to the warping of space and time by matter and energy, much as a mattress sags under a sleeper, and allows for the contents of the universe, including light rays, to follow curved paths.General relativity led to a new conception of the cosmos, in which space-time could quiver, bend, rip, expand, swirl like a mix-master and even disappear forever into the maw of a black hole.To Einstein’s surprise, the equations indicated that when too much matter or energy was concentrated in one place, space-time could collapse, trapping matter and light in perpetuity.Einstein disliked that idea, but the consensus today is that the universe is speckled with black holes waiting to vacuum up their surroundings. Many are the gravitational tombstones of stars that have burned up their fuel and collapsed.Any lingering doubts as to their existence vanished three years ago when the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory, or LIGO, detected the collision of a pair of distant black holes, which sent a shiver through the fabric of space-time.Since then, other collisions have been recorded, and black holes have become so humdrum that astronomers no longer bother sending out news releases about them.Nonetheless, astronomers are thrilled at the prospect of finally, actually seeing the previously unseeable.“Yes, I’m definitely excited to see the image!” Daniel Holz, of the University of Chicago, wrote in an email. “It’s not really rational, since I know the math works and the theory has been thoroughly tested. But still, this would be a picture of the real thing, up close and personal. That is super cool.”Priyamvada Natarajan, a Yale astrophysicist who is not part of the project, said, “It’s exciting, even just technically, to get this up close and personal to a black hole.”Especially when the black hole is no run-of-the-mill stellar corpse, but one of the behemoths that crouch in the centers of galaxies and direct cosmic weather, launching thunderbolts across thousands of light-years.Even if the new images do not overthrow relativity, they will be invaluable as astronomers’ first glimpses into the hearts of these entities and the way they generate cosmically catastrophic energies.The center of the Milky Way, 26,000 light-years from Earth, coincides with a faint source of radio noise called Sagittarius A* (pronounced A-star). By tracking the orbits of stars around this hub, astronomers have calculated that whatever sits at the center has the mass of four million suns.But it emits no visible or infrared light. If this is not a black hole, no one knows what it could be. The only way to be sure is to peer through the haze and record the shadow of oblivion.Which is no small job. According to the standard Einstein calculations, a black hole with the mass of 4.1 million suns would be only about 15 million miles wide — a tiny area to observe clearly from this distance. Luckily, the black hole’s gravity will magnify it to appear twice that size. But discerning even that is like trying to spot an orange on the Moon with the naked eye.It takes a big telescope to see something so small. Enter the Event Horizon Telescope, named for a black hole’s point of no return; whatever crosses the event horizon falls into blackness everlasting. The telescope was the dream-child of Dr. Doeleman, who was inspired to study black holes by examining the mysterious activity in the centers of violent radio galaxies such as M87.By combining data from radio telescopes as far apart as the South Pole, France, Chile and Hawaii, using a technique called very long baseline interferometry, Dr. Doeleman and his colleagues created a telescope as big as Earth itself.The network has gained antennas and sensitivity over the last decade. In April of 2017, the network of eight telescopes, synchronized by atomic clocks, stared at the Milky Way center and at the giant galaxy M87 off and on for 10 days.Astronomers have taken the last two years to reduce and collate the results. The data were too voluminous to transmit over the internet, and so had to be placed on hard disks and flown back to M.I.T.’s Haystack Observatory, in Westford, Mass., and the Max Planck Institute for Radio Astronomy, in Bonn, Germany.The data from the South Pole could not arrive before December 2017, Dr. Doeleman said, “because it was Antarctic winter, when nothing could go in or out.”Last year the team divided into four independent groups to assemble images from the data dump. To stay objective and guard against bias, the teams had no contact with each other, Dr. Doeleman said.In the meantime, the telescope kept growing. In April 2018, a telescope in Greenland was added to the collaboration. Another observation run was made of the Milky Way and M87, and captured twice the amount of data gathered in 2017.“We’ve hitched our wagon to a bandwidth rocket,” Dr. Doeleman said. The new observations won’t be included in Wednesday’s reveal, but they will allow the astronomers to check the 2017 results and to track changes in the black holes as the years go by.“The plan is to carry out these observations indefinitely,” said Dr. Doeleman, embarking on his new career as a tamer of extragalactic beasts, “and see how things change.”SYDNEY — Australia's political parties are campaigning in a general election set for May 18, with the fight focused on tax cuts, climate change and social programmes.Below are party policies taken mainly from campaign programmes and pre-election announcements:TAX CUTSRuling Liberal-National coalition:* Proposed total tax cuts of A$158 billion ($112.5 billion) over the period to 2029/30, in addition to A$144 billion in tax cuts passed by parliament last year. Most of the new tax cuts would take effect after 2022, when the next election is due.* Most of the early personal income tax cuts would benefit low and middle-income earners. Tax rebate for middle-income earners to double in current financial year. Subsequent tax concessions would benefit wealthier Australians. * Top threshold for 19 percent tax bracket rises to A$45,000 in 2022/23 from A$41,000 currently. From 2024/25, the 32.5 percent marginal tax rate would be reduced to 30 percent, and apply to income between A$45,000 and A$200,000.Opposition Labor: * Labour has promised to match the coalition's planned tax cuts for workers earning between A$48,000-A$126,000 a year, but also pledged a bigger rebate for people earning less than A$45,000. No changes to current tax brackets.CLIMATE CHANGE* The ruling coalition and opposition Labor are committed to the Paris Accord that requires member states to reduce emissions by 26 percent from 2005 levels.* The biggest differences centre on how much electricity must be generated by renewables. The coalition has a target of 26 percent, while Labor proposes a minimum of 45 percent. Labor also says half of all new cars will be electric by 2030.* The coalition has been divided over energy policy and climate change and remains a strong backer of traditional energy sources. The tensions over energy policy were a catalyst for Malcolm Turnbull's ouster as prime minister in August.HEALTHCARE AND WELFARELiberal-National coalition:* Proposed to spend more than A$80 billion on the public healthcare system in 2019/20.* Access to cheaper medicines for cancer patients. * Proposed A$725 million investment in residential care for elderly Australians.Labor:* Promises to outspend the coalition on healthcare spending, including more than A$2 billion to expand free cancer treatment.* Proposes to increase the minimum wage, but has not given specific details. The party also pledges to raise pay for people who work on weekends and public holidays.EDUCATIONLiberal-National coalition:* The coalition promises record spending on education over the next decade.Labor:* The party pledges to outspend the government but has not given specific figures. It also plans to subsidise pre-school for children for two years.DEFENCEThe coalition and Labor have pledged to spend 2 percent of the country's gross domestic product (GDP) on defence.REFUGEES* The coalition and Labor will keep the current policy of holding refugees who arrive by boat at two remote Pacific detention facilities. * The coalition says it will reverse a law that allows doctors to recommend transfers from the Pacific centres if they are unable to get the necessary medical treatment. Labor has promised to maintain the medical transfer policy. (Reporting by Colin Packham in SYDNEY; Editing by Darren Schuettler)(Reuters) - Chevron Corp doubled down on its bet on surging U.S. oil and gas output on Friday, saying it would buy shale producer Anadarko Petroleum Corp for $33 billion (£25 billion) in cash and stock that will make it the second-largest crude producer in the world.The combined company will produce an estimated 3.9 million barrels of oil equivalent per day (boepd), trailing only Exxon Mobil Corp among publicly traded companies, up from fourth. GRAPHIC: Chevron joins oil super-majors with Anadarko bid - https://tmsnrt.rs/2X1BRuIIt expands Chevron's reach in two areas where U.S. energy output is breaking records: shale from the Permian Basin of west Texas and New Mexico, and liquefied natural gas (LNG). These have helped make the United States one of the world's largest energy exporters. GRAPHIC: U.S. becomes world's largest oil producer - https://tmsnrt.rs/2R69s7G “Chevron now joins the ranks of the 'ultramajors' – and the big three becomes the big four," said Roy Martin, senior analyst at consultants Wood Mackenzie. "The acquisition makes the majors’ peer group much more polarized. Exxon Mobil, Chevron, Shell and BP are now in a league of their own."These companies are turning to shale and its revolutionary techniques of fracking, blasting sand and water into formations to extract oil. This is cheaper and produces oil more quickly than costlier offshore and LNG projects that take years to generate cash. The shale oil-and-gas boom reversed a long decline in U.S. crude production and propelled the country to a record 12 million barrels a day (bpd), more than Russia and Saudi Arabia. The United States is also now the third-largest producer of LNG, super-cooled natural gas that enjoys record demand as a cheaper, cleaner alternative than coal for power generation.The combined companies are expected to produce more than 1.6 million barrels of oil equivalent per day (boepd) in the United States this year and 3.9 million boepd globally, according to Wood Mackenzie.Chevron Chief Executive Officer Mike Wirth said the deal offers a "compelling and unique fit" because the companies operate in similar areas, both with holdings in shale, offshore, and LNG projects. Chevron also expects shale to generate profits for its pipeline, trading and refining units. "We are the best company to combine with Anadarko and Anadarko is the best company to combine with us," Wirth said in an interview.Chevron's pledge to restrain expenditures has made it a favourite among energy stocks, with its shares up 13.8 percent this year. It plans to sell some $15 billion in assets over time to offset the Anadarko deal.Chevron shares fell 4.9 percent to $119.76 on Friday. Anadarko shares jumped 32 percent, reflecting the offer's 39 percent premium over Thursday's close. Before the deal, Chevron shares had gained 25 percent over the last two years, while Anadarko had dropped 23 percent. In that time, U.S. crude oil prices have risen 20 percent. It is the oil industry's largest deal since Royal Dutch Shell bought BG Group in 2016, and it sparked speculation that other shale producers are in play. Shares of Noble Energy rose 7 percent, while Pioneer Natural Resources Co jumped more than 11 percent.Chevron, Exxon, Royal Dutch Shell Plc and BP Plc largely missed out on the first phase of the shale bonanza, when more nimble independent producers such as Anadarko pioneered shale drilling technology and leased Permian acreage on the cheap.Analysts predict further consolidation as the smaller companies that revolutionized the industry through advances in horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracking have seen their stock prices languish and have curtailed spending due weak returns.Chevron, which already has 2.3 million acres in the Permian Basin, said the combined company would have a 75-mile (120-km)-wide corridor across the Permian's Delaware basin, on the Texas-New Mexico border. "We will now see Chevron emerging as the clear leader among all Permian players, both in terms of production growth and as a cost leader," said Rystad Energy head of analysis Per Magnus Nysveen, noting that Anadarko's acreage is in the "sweetest spot" of the Delaware Basin.Chevron also owns mineral rights under some of the Anadarko Permian properties, saving royalties others would have to pay, said Drillinginfo analyst Andrew Dittmar. He estimated Chevron is paying about $50,000 an acre for Anadarko's west Texas holdings. The Permian produces about 4 million barrels per day, and is expected to hit 5.4 million bpd by 2023, according to IHS Markit, more than the total production of any OPEC country other than Saudi Arabia.BIG LNG PUSHAnadarko also has a Mozambique LNG project, part of one of the industry's largest planned current investments, which Wirth said he still expects to move to final approval "sooner rather than later" this year. Expenses from that project are expected to reach $4 billion over several years. The tie-up with Anadarko adds to Chevron's deepwater investments in the Gulf of Mexico and gives it a stake in growing production in the U.S. Rocky Mountains in Colorado.The $65-per-share offer was structured as 75 percent stock and 25 percent cash, and the company will also take on $15 billion of Anadarko's debt. "This deal seems perfect. Oil is on a rebound yet Anadarko's stock price has been stagnant," said Chris Widell, CEO of Sponte Resources, a Dallas, Texas-based private exploration and production company. Occidental Petroleum Corp, another company with assets in the Permian, bid more than $70 per share for Anadarko and is now considering options, sources said.Chevron said the deal would add to its free cash flow and profit one year after closing, if Brent crude, currently around $70, holds above $60 per barrel. The enterprise value of the deal is $50 billion.. Anadarko shareholders will receive 0.3869 shares of Chevron and $16.25 in cash for each Anadarko share. (Reporting by John Benny, Nivedita Bhattacharjee and Shradha Singh in Bengaluru; Jennifer Hiller in Houston; David French, Scott DiSavino, Jessica Resnick-Ault and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by David Gaffen, Gary McWilliams, Patrick Graham, Sriraj Kalluvila and Nick Zieminski and David Gregorio)HOUSTON — Chevron positioned itself to become the dominant oil producer in the field that is driving the American shale revolution when it said on Friday that it was buying Anadarko Petroleum for $33 billion.The acquisition is the largest takeover in the global oil industry in three years and signals that shale drilling, which was once dominated by small and nimble independent companies, has now become a battleground for oil giants. It also demonstrates that the largest oil companies believe that they can profitably drill in shale fields even when crude oil prices are much lower than they were a decade ago.In buying Anadarko, Chevron is picking up major oil and natural gas projects in the Gulf of Mexico, Colorado, Mozambique, Algeria and Ghana. But most of all, it is building on its position in the Permian Basin of West Texas and New Mexico, which recently passed Saudi Arabia’s Ghawar field as the world’s most productive oil field.More than a dozen oil and gas pipelines serving the Permian are expected to be completed by the middle of 2020, potentially increasing exports from the Gulf of Mexico region to eight million from two million barrels a day.Anadarko and Chevron have a 75-mile stretch of contiguous acreage in the Permian, which should help the companies reduce production and transportation costs. About a third of total American oil production comes from the basin, which is largely responsible for the production and export boom of recent years.“This is a compelling transaction,” Chevron’s chief executive, Michael K. Wirth, told analysts. “We intend to accelerate activity in Anadarko’s Permian acreage.”[How the Permian Basin helped make the United States the world’s largest oil producer.] Chevron, which is based in San Ramon, Calif., is the world’s 10th largest company producing oil and gas, and Texas-based Anadarko ranks 41st, according to Rystad Energy, a consulting firm. Once the merger is completed by the end of the year, Chevron will climb to seventh place, vaulting ahead of Royal Dutch Shell and BP. It will still trail Exxon Mobil, Saudi Aramco and four other national oil companies.Anadarko’s Permian assets are among the most lucrative in the United States. The company has identified 10,000 drilling locations on its acreage, according to a recent Morningstar report.Per Magnus Nysveen, who heads research at Rystad, said that the deal would help Chevron emerge “as the clear leader among all Permian players, both in terms of production growth and as a cost leader.” He estimated that by 2025, the merged companies would produce as much as 1.6 million barrels of oil a day in the Permian alone — more than the total current production of Algeria, a leading member of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.The acquisition continues a trend toward more concentration of Permian production in the hands of giant oil companies, which in recent years had fallen behind dozens of smaller and more nimble independents like Anadarko.Chevron’s move is the third major acquisition in the Permian over the last three years and there have been many smaller ones. Exxon Mobil made a $6.6 billion acquisition of 275,000 acres in Permian fields in New Mexico in 2017, making it the most active driller in the basin until now. Last year Concho Resources bought RSP Permian for $9.5 billion, transforming two companies little known outside of Texas into a big new player.Share prices of other small and medium size Permian-based oil companies soared on the news of the deal, with speculation that another major oil company, particularly Royal Dutch Shell, would move to increase its holdings. Parsley Energy and Pioneer Natural Resources closed up more than 11 percent on Friday.Over the last four years, the annual capital investment in the Permian by the three big oil companies — Chevron, Exxon Mobil and Shell — climbed to more than $8 billion from less than $2 billion, according to IHS Markit, the energy consultancy. Adding BP, which gained a foothold in the Permian last year, the oil giants are expected to invest more than $10 billion in that field this year.The biggest oil companies accounted for just 6 percent of total industry investment in 2014. This year, they are on track to increase their share to more than 15 percent.“The bottom line is that the Permian is delivering for the majors, and they will keep pressing on that gas pedal,” said Raoul LeBlanc, IHS Markit’s executive director for energy. “Boundless capital allows them to invest heavily even as lower prices force smaller companies to retrench.”The Permian produces roughly four million barrels of oil a day, slightly more than Ghawar. Saudi Aramco recently revealed in documents released as part of a bond sale that the daily production from that field was smaller than many people in the industry had estimated.IHS Markit predicts Permian production will climb to 5.4 million barrels a day in 2023, more than any OPEC member with the exception of Saudi Arabia.In addition to the Permian, Anadarko has been a leader in discovering and developing natural gas in Mozambique. Chevron engineers reviewed Anadarko’s project, and executives say they will keep Anadarko personnel there.Chevron said the acquisition would complement its already growing global trade in liquefied natural gas.But the company’s increased investment in African natural gas comes as growing global supplies have pushed down prices. Big new discoveries in the Eastern Mediterranean and Africa could further depress prices in the coming years unless there is a big increase in demand. That demand would depend on more countries switching to gas from coal, which is the most widely used fuel in the power sector.Chevron and Anadarko also have large stakes in deepwater projects in the Gulf of Mexico that are close to one another. And the two companies have worked together on some projects there.“The deal plays to Chevron’s strengths,” said Roy Martin, a senior analyst at Wood Mackenzie, a consulting firm. “It diversifies their growth options.”Chevron said it would pay $65 in cash and stock for each Anadarko share, a 39 percent premium over Thursday’s closing price. The deal is the largest in the energy industry since Shell’s acquisition of BG Group, the Britain-based oil and gas producer, for about $50 billion in 2016.After the deal is completed, Chevron said it planned to sell more than $15 billion in assets by 2022, to reduce debt and return cash to shareholders.Chevron’s share price closed down by nearly 5 percent on Friday while Anadarko shares soared by 32 percent.SQUAMISH, British Columbia — Everyone knows an electric fan can make people feel cooler on a steamy day. But could fans moderate the planet’s rising temperatures?Some of the world’s biggest fossil fuel companies would like to find out.Chevron, Occidental Petroleum and the Australian mining giant BHP this year have invested in Carbon Engineering, a small Canadian company that claims to be on the verge of a breakthrough in solving a critical climate change puzzle: removing carbon already in the atmosphere.At its pilot project in Squamish, an old lumber town about 30 miles north of Vancouver, the company is using an enormous fan to suck large amounts of air into a scrubbing vessel designed to extract carbon dioxide. The gas can then be buried or converted into a clean-burning — though expensive — synthetic fuel.Investing in Carbon Engineering and other carbon-reduction initiatives is part of an emerging effort by fossil-fuel industries to remain relevant and profitable in a warming world. With electric cars and solar and wind power becoming increasingly affordable, executives acknowledge that business as usual could put their companies at risk.Already, fossil-fuel companies face a barrage of lawsuits, investor resolutions and regulations prompting them to invest more in clean energy. Advocacy groups are also pressing companies and lawmakers to keep oil and natural gas in the ground by challenging hydraulic fracturing, especially in Europe, and fighting pipelines meant to transport production from Canada’s oil sands.“This is about recognizing that climate change poses significant risks to all economic sectors,” Fiona Wild, BHP’s vice president for sustainability and climate change, said about the company’s $6 million investment in Carbon Engineering. “Climate change is no longer seen as a fringe issue. It’s a business risk that requires a business response.”Of course, big energy companies continue to drill for oil and gas and are pushing the Trump administration and other governments to open more territory to exploration.But some businesses have signaled that they are changing. A few companies, including Royal Dutch Shell and BP, are linking compensation to emissions reductions. Equinor, the Norwegian oil company, plans to increase spending on clean energy to 15 to 20 percent of its capital investment by 2030, up from 5 percent now.Carbon Engineering’s pilot on the rocky shores of Howe Sound is one of several carbon “direct-air-capture” ventures being attempted around the world. It is still a small effort, but its backers say it could play an important role in arresting climate change.Much of the work is done in an old industrial warehouse of corrugated metal adorned with faded graffiti, a structure once used by a company that made chemicals for the pulp industry. The temporary offices are decidedly makeshift, with the bathrooms entered from outside. No carbon is actually being pulled out of the atmosphere permanently because the company is still in testing mode.Chevron and Occidental, which have each taken seats on Carbon Engineering’s board, refused to disclose their investments. The company says it raised a total of $68 million in its most recent funding round to expand the pilot and develop its first commercial plant.Critics of fossil-fuel companies say such investments are so modest as to amount to little more than a public-relations stunt.“That’s chump change for these guys,” said Dan Becker, director of the Safe Climate Campaign, an environmental organization in Washington. “I don’t see any epiphanies.”But other experts disagree. “It could be greenwashing, but so what?” said Dieter Helm, a professor of energy policy at Oxford and the author of “Burn Out: The Endgame for Fossil Fuels.” “If money is being spent on research and development to develop ways to sequester carbon, that is a good thing.”Executives at Carbon Engineering said they welcomed investments by fossil-fuel companies not only for the money but also for their engineering and lobbying skills.“I have great big brothers now who are looking after me,” said Steve Oldham, Carbon Engineering’s chief executive. “Initially companies wanted to show that they were thinking of being green. Now you are seeing action.”The company said its commercial plants would have banks of large fans, 33 feet in diameter, to collect air and run it through a complex chemical process.The air will be pushed through honeycombed plastic channels coated with potassium hydroxide that attaches itself to carbon dioxide. More chemicals will be added to produce tiny white pellets containing carbon. The pellets will then be heated to more than 1,600 degrees to form carbon dioxide gas.In one kind of plant the company hopes to build, the captured carbon dioxide could be injected underground, where it would be harmless unless some of it leaked back into the atmosphere. Mr. Oldham asserts that each such installation could eventually take as much carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere annually as 40 million trees.In another kind of facility, captured carbon dioxide would be combined with hydrogen extracted from water to make synthetic fuel that can be processed into gasoline, diesel or jet fuel. The energy needed to produce hydrogen would come from wind turbines and solar panels to limit emissions.The company’s synthetic fuel would be more expensive than conventional gasoline. Production costs could be about $4 a gallon, according to Carbon Engineering, compared with more than $2.70-a-gallon average retail price in the United States. But it could still be attractive to countries that spend tens of billions of dollars on crude imports, like India and Japan. Regulations taxing carbon could also make the fuel more attractive.The company says its synthetic fuels could be used in standard car, truck and plane engines, and would cause less air pollution than traditional fuels.Burning Carbon Engineering’s fuel would release carbon dioxide, but it would not increase greenhouse gases in the atmosphere by much or at all because the process would be recycling carbon that was already in the air, executives said.Early investors in Carbon Engineering include the Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates and N. Murray Edwards, executive chairman of Canadian Natural Resources, a big producer of oil sands, a heavy oil that has a large carbon footprint.“Oil and gas companies have to wonder about their future,” said Michael Webber, an energy professor at the University of Texas at Austin. “They know that someday the energy mix will be different. So there are a lot of motivations for this investment.”Occidental wants to use the technology to find a sustainable supply of carbon dioxide that it can use to inject in its oil fields to increase pressure and extract more oil while also sequestering the carbon. The company is already the largest injector in the industry, but it now re-injects carbon that was found in natural underground deposits — providing little or no environmental benefit. By recycling carbon taken from the air, it hopes to bury as much carbon as its fuels emit, or even more. As an added benefit, there is a federal tax credit for sequestering carbon.“Every oil company should be striving to become carbon neutral,” said Vicki Hollub, Occidental’s chief executive. “Ultimately, we think we can be carbon negative. Addressing climate change is a turning point for the industry.”Chevron is seeking to meet a different immediate need. California requires refiners and other distributors to meet progressively declining targets of carbon in their fuels through 2030. Chevron, which is based in San Ramon, Calif., has two big refineries in the state that could use the synthetic fuel.“We have a need for low-carbon fuels,” said Barbara Burger, president of Chevron Technology Ventures. “The world needs transportation fuels and the public desires them, but they have an expectation that we lower the carbon content. And this is one of the options to do that.”But ramping up the ambitious ideas put forward by Carbon Engineering and other companies into projects large enough to have an important environmental impact will take considerable investment.Mr. Oldham said one of his carbon capture and sequestration plants would remove one million tons of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere annually, a small fraction of the more than 33 billion tons humanity emits in a year. The sequestration process would cost roughly $100 per ton, which in Occidental’s model could be offset in part by the increased oil production it would enable. The carbon could also be used to make cement and other building materials.But in case of an acute global climate emergency, governments would probably have to step in to hasten removal of carbon from the atmosphere. Mr. Oldham said the cost of capturing and sequestering all the carbon needed to stop climate change would require trillions of dollars.The company’s synthetic fuel could also struggle to find markets because of its cost.David Keith, an applied physicist at Harvard who founded Carbon Engineering and sits on its board, said the synthetic fuel would be most useful for trucks, ships and planes, while cars and other smaller vehicles would more likely be powered by batteries in the future.“There is no way we are beating oil from the ground in a head-to-head competition without regulation,” Mr. Keith said, referring to carbon taxes and other environmental policies. If there is sufficient political will to deeply cut emissions, he added, “I think you will see a large amount of this technology in the next decade or two.”LOS ANGELES — Pacific Gas and Electric promises that its customers’ lights will stay on if it follows through on plans to file for bankruptcy this month. But companies that supply the California utility’s electricity may have more to worry about.PG&E said Monday that it would use bankruptcy to resolve huge liabilities arising from two years of deadly wildfires. Such a move would allow the company to try to revoke or renegotiate contracts it signed with suppliers when power prices were higher than they are now. That, analysts said, could hurt companies that borrowed based on the higher prices — especially those whose power comes from renewable resources.That prospect was underscored this week when credit-rating agencies downgraded the debt of Topaz Solar Farms, which is owned by a unit of Warren E. Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway and whose sole customer is PG&E, and Genesis Solar Farm, a large project in the Mojave Desert developed by NextEra Energy. Both companies said they were operating normally, but were monitoring PG&E’s problems closely.“People often think utilities are safe investments, but this is such a crazy situation,” said Daniel Lowenthal, a partner at the law firm Patterson Belknap Webb & Tyler who specializes in bankruptcy and corporate restructuring, referring to PG&E’s suppliers, shareholders and lenders.“Investors and claimants are going to potentially take a huge haircut on their investments due to a catastrophic situation no one foresaw,” he added.PG&E, one of the world’s largest electric utilities, faces an estimated $30 billion in damages tied to wildfires that killed scores of people and destroyed thousands of homes and other properties in 2017 and 2018. State officials have blamed the company’s equipment for starting at least 17 of 21 major fires in Northern California in 2017, and they suspect PG&E of causing additional fires last year.If the company proceeds with a bankruptcy filing, it will be its second in about 20 years. In 2001, PG&E sought Chapter 11 protection after a bungled deregulation of the energy sector by California.Legal experts said the utility’s looming bankruptcy could be more complicated than its previous filing. PG&E is not insolvent — it has money to pay its current bills — but bankruptcy specialists said it probably faced tens of thousands of claims from people whose relatives died in the fires or whose homes were destroyed, as well as from bondholders, creditors, contractors and others.Bankruptcy offers the utility the opportunity to reduce how much it must pay those claimants while managing all of their claims in a single case before one judge.“It didn’t take a crystal ball to figure out what PG&E is doing here is what we call a defensive bankruptcy filing,” said G. Marcus Cole, a professor at Stanford Law School. “This is completely voluntary. What PG&E is doing is circling the wagons.”For power producers, especially those in renewable resources, a bankruptcy filing by PG&E could be wrenching.In bankruptcy, companies can reject contracts with suppliers, forcing them to join other creditors in asserting claims. PG&E could threaten to walk away from older contracts, particularly those with developers of renewable energy that were negotiated several years ago when prices for solar panels were higher than they are now. (Most of the renewable energy the utility uses is solar power.)If PG&E succeeded in renegotiating the contracts, it could use the money it saved to pay fire-related damages. That could help shield ratepayers from sizable increases in their electric bills.Analysts at Credit Suisse estimate that PG&E could save $2.2 billion a year by renegotiating renewable power contracts down to current market prices. Those savings could offset the utility’s annual cost of paying off wildfire claims from the last two years, the analysts wrote in a research note.“It makes a lot of economic sense for PG&E to try and reject the older, higher-priced contracts,” said Clifford J. Kim, a senior analyst at Moody’s Investors Service.Opening up existing contracts would be problematic for Clearway Energy, which operates seven plants that supply power to PG&E, according to S&P Global Ratings. All but one of Clearway’s plants use renewable energy. The company’s stock price is down nearly 30 percent from its high last year, falling sharply on Monday after PG&E said it would file for bankruptcy. Clearway declined to comment.Con Edison, the New York utility, is also exposed because it supplies power to PG&E through a subsidiary that has operations in California and neighboring states. PG&E is one of the biggest buyers of electricity produced by Con Edison at installations like the Copper Mountain Solar Project in Boulder City, Nev. PG&E pays Con Edison an average $197 per megawatt-hour for its electricity, compared with the $25 to $30 per megawatt-hour cost of power from new solar plants, the Credit Suisse analysts said.Michael Clendenin, a spokesman for Con Edison, declined to comment on PG&E’s planned bankruptcy except to say the company was “monitoring any developments.”Some experts warned that it could be harder than it seemed for PG&E to renegotiate contracts with suppliers. A bankruptcy court could require the utility to pay damages for breach of contract because it still has enough money to operate, Professor Cole of Stanford said.In one recent utility bankruptcy, an effort by FirstEnergy Solutions of Akron, Ohio, to renegotiate an energy supply contract is mired in litigation. Ohio Valley Energy, a supplier to FirstEnergy Solutions, argued that the contract should be resolved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, which oversees wholesale electricity deals, not by a bankruptcy court. The case is before the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.The utility could also anger state lawmakers. California’s government is trying to increase the use of renewable energy. But investors might be scared off if they thought utilities that operate in the state could easily renege on their contracts with suppliers.Some California lawmakers have already expressed frustration that PG&E announced plans for a bankruptcy filing without waiting for them to come up with a solution to the company’s financial problems.“What we know today is PG&E has put their fate in the hands of the court instead of the Legislature,” said Assemblyman Chris Holden, a Democrat and the chairman of the Utilities and Energy Committee. “We’re just trying to get our arms around what’s next.”Gov. Gavin Newsom, a Democrat who took office last week, has pledged to protect the state’s ambitious clean energy goals, which include producing 100 percent of California’s electricity from carbon-free sources by 2045. But the state’s efforts have been complicated by the complexity and wide-ranging impact of PG&E’s impending case.Some solar power suppliers said they would seek the state’s help to pressure PG&E to honor its contracts.Bernadette Del Chiaro, executive director of the California Solar & Storage Association, said that members of the group were in discussions with the governor.“This is definitely the topic of concern,” Ms. Del Chiaro said. “It’s definitely a real thing. Just how extensive it is, that’s the level I don’t understand.”There’s a lot we don’t know about the legacy Donald Trump will leave behind. And it is, of course, hugely important what happens in the 2020 election. But one thing seems sure: Even if he’s a one-term president, Trump will have caused, directly or indirectly, the premature deaths of a large number of Americans.Some of those deaths will come at the hands of right-wing, white nationalist extremists, who are a rapidly growing threat, partly because they feel empowered by a president who calls them “very fine people.”Some will come from failures of governance, like the inadequate response to Hurricane Maria, which surely contributed to the high death toll in Puerto Rico. (Reminder: Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens.)Some will come from the administration’s continuing efforts to sabotage Obamacare, which have failed to kill health reform but have stalled the decline in the number of uninsured, meaning that many people still aren’t getting the health care they need. Of course, if Trump gets his way and eliminates Obamacare altogether, things on this front will get much, much worse.But the biggest death toll is likely to come from Trump’s agenda of deregulation — or maybe we should call it “deregulation,” because his administration is curiously selective about which industries it wants to leave alone.Consider two recent events that help capture the deadly strangeness of what’s going on.One is the administration’s plan for hog plants to take over much of the federal responsibility for food safety inspections. And why not? It’s not as if we’ve seen safety problems arise from self-regulation in, say, the aircraft industry, have we? Or as if we ever experience major outbreaks of food-borne illness? Or as if there was a reason the U.S. government stepped in to regulate meatpacking in the first place?Now, you could see the Trump administration’s willingness to trust the meat industry to keep our meat safe as part of an overall attack on government regulation, a willingness to trust profit-making businesses to do the right thing and let the market rule. And there’s something to that, but it’s not the whole story, as illustrated by another event: Trump’s declaration the other day that wind turbines cause cancer.Now, you could put this down to personal derangement: Trump has had an irrational hatred for wind power ever since he failed to prevent construction of a wind farm near his Scottish golf course. And Trump seems deranged and irrational on so many issues that one more bizarre claim hardly seems to matter.But there’s more to this than just another Trumpism. After all, we normally think of Republicans in general, and Trump in particular, as people who minimize or deny the “negative externalities” imposed by some business activities — the uncompensated costs they impose on other people or businesses.For example, the Trump administration wants to roll back rules that limit emissions of mercury from power plants. And in pursuit of that goal, it wants to prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from taking account of many of the benefits from reduced mercury emissions, such as an associated reduction in nitrogen oxide.But when it comes to renewable energy, Trump and company are suddenly very worried about supposed negative side effects, which generally exist only in their imagination. Last year the administration floated a proposal that would have forced the operators of electricity grids to subsidize coal and nuclear energy. The supposed rationale was that new sources were threatening to destabilize those grids — but the grid operators themselves denied that this was the case.So it’s deregulation for some, but dire warnings about imaginary threats for others. What’s going on?Part of the answer is, follow the money. Political contributions from the meat-processing industry overwhelmingly favor Republicans. Coal mining supports the G.O.P. almost exclusively. Alternative energy, on the other hand, generally favors Democrats.There are probably other things, too. If you’re a party that wishes we could go back to the 1950s (but without the 91 percent top tax rate), you’re going to have a hard time accepting the reality that hippie-dippy, unmanly things like wind and solar power are becoming ever more cost-competitive.Whatever the drivers of Trump policy, the fact, as I said, is that it will kill people. Wind turbines don’t cause cancer, but coal-burning power plants do — along with many other ailments. The Trump administration’s own estimates indicate that its relaxation of coal pollution rules will kill more than 1,000 Americans every year. If the administration gets to implement its full agenda — not just deregulation of many industries, but discrimination against industries it doesn’t like, such as renewable energy — the toll will be much higher.So if you eat meat — or, for that matter, drink water or breathe air — there’s a real sense in which Donald Trump is trying to kill you. And even if he’s turned out of office next year, for many Americans it will be too late.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.ISLAMABAD — A delegation from the world's largest crude oil producer, Saudi Aramco, is in Pakistan for discussions on what would be its first ever liquefied natural gas (LNG) shipments, a top Pakistani official said on Friday. Pakistan is facing an energy crisis with repeated power blackouts and gas supply outages that led to the sacking of the heads of two of its main gas distribution utilities in January. The Saudi delegation, which arrived on Thursday, was discussing LNG supplies, Nadeem Babar, the head of Prime Minister Imran Khan's task force on energy reforms, told Reuters. "They're discussing LNG sales. They're entering this business," he said. "Aramco is starting an LNG trade operation, and we are in discussion over all aspects, including terms and quantity, etc." Aramco doesn't currently produce LNG, and any such sale would be first of its kind. Aramco didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment.Saudi Aramco Chief Executive Amin Nasser said in February that Saudi Arabia aims to export 3 billion cubic feet per day of gas before 2030 via both pipelines and LNG tankers. Pakistan's demand for LNG could more than triple in the next three to five years, the chief executive of Pakistan LNG said last month, adding that Islamabad was expected to negotiate a few more long-term contracts to import LNG into the country. Last year, Pakistan imported nearly 7 tonnes of LNG, data from Refinitiv Eikon shows. This year, that could grow to as high as 15 million tonnes and to up to 25 million to 30 million tonnes over the next three to five years, said Adnan Gilani, managing director and chief executive of Pakistan LNG. Pakistan LNG is a state-owned company that buys LNG from the international market to supply to the domestic market. Pakistan's two import terminals have a regas capacity of 1.2 billion to 1.3 billion cubic feet of gas per day, or about 9 million to 10 million tonnes of LNG a year, according to Gilani's presentation at the LNGA 2019 conference in Singapore. (Reporting by Asif Shahzad; Editing by Nick Macfie and Tom Hogue)To the Editor:Re “Is Nancy Pelosi a Climate Skeptic?” (column, Feb. 16):Bret Stephens presents us with a fake binary choice. Either we gear up to fight climate change as if it were an alien invasion, placing capitalism in jeopardy, or we treat it as a “real but manageable problem” like global poverty, worthy of patient resolution. He urges us to make our peace with patient resolution.The Green New Deal’s authors are doing us a favor by refusing to sugarcoat the need for fundamental change in the way we run our lives and fuel our economy. President Trump’s defiant embrace of fossil fuels is an insult to common sense and global decency, but even President Barack Obama’s policy reforms left gas-guzzling cars on our roads, leaky homes throughout our towns and cities, and industries with their energy-wasteful operations unchecked. We have lost too much time pretending that climate change can be dealt with gradually, if at all. The Green New Deal rightly demands that we rise to the urgency of this challenge.Philip WarburgNewton, Mass. The writer is a nonresident senior fellow at Boston University’s Institute for Sustainable Energy.To the Editor:Re “How the Left Embraced Elitism,” by David Brooks (column, Feb. 12):To suggest that a Green New Deal will evolve into a colossal government-owned enterprise controlling most aspects of our economy and run by bureaucrats housed in Pentagon-size offices is reactionary. This doesn’t even happen in China anymore. A Green New Deal will be enabled by the government just as it has enabled every modern high-tech industry today: by funding (military technology, the space program), by direct purchases (supercomputers, semiconductors), by market subsidies (wind power, solar power, electric vehicles), by technology transfer out of government labs and programs (the internet, genomics, satellites), and the list goes on. The government doesn’t build things; private industries do, and they reap the commercial benefit. There are thousands of start-up companies commercializing technologies in which the underlying research and development have been funded by the government, and there could be thousands more engaged in a Green New Deal if the government undertakes it. John FairbornNewport Beach, Calif.To the Editor:Re “One Cheer for the Green New Deal” (column, Feb. 10):Before Ross Douthat dismisses carbon taxes as falling “heavily on the working class,” he should study the Energy Innovation and Carbon Dividend Act just introduced in Congress, to almost no fanfare. It will reduce emissions more than the Paris agreement or President Barack Obama’s Clean Power Plan; it requires no big government spending; and it already has generated bipartisan support.The critical difference between this legislation and other carbon tax proposals is that all fees collected would be returned directly to American households each month. Most of the working class will actually come out ahead if this legislation passes. It’s a Green New Deal right under our noses!Laura SchumacherSan DiegoTo the Editor:Ross Douthat’s patronizing take on the ambitions of the Green New Deal misses the most critical point: Scientists agree that humanity has a very short window in which to transform our systems of generating and using energy. The alternative is stronger, more frequent hurricanes, droughts, floods, famines and wildfires, costing lives and livelihoods on a global scale.If this doesn’t call for great ambition, what does?Sarah RichardsonNew YorkIt’s hard to believe, but worth recalling, that during the presidential debates in 2016, not a single question about climate change was put to Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. That, of course, was before a plague of hurricanes, droughts and savage forest fires in California and around the world captured the public’s attention; before Mr. Trump brought renewed focus to the very issue he had dismissed as a hoax by fecklessly rolling back nearly every positive policy thing President Barack Obama had done to address it; before a series of frightening scientific reports appeared last year, warning that the window of opportunity to ward off the worst consequences of a warming globe was quickly closing. It was also long before anyone had seen a nonbinding congressional resolution calling for something called the Green New Deal, an ambitious plan to tackle climate change (and a lot else, too) that earlier this month burst like a shooting star upon the Washington political and legislative scene. The resolution — introduced by Ed Markey, a Democratic senator from Massachusetts, and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a newly elected Democratic representative whose district covers parts of the Bronx and Queens — calls for a “10-year national mobilization” through giant investments in infrastructure and carbon-free energy. It has since won the full or partial allegiance of a half-dozen Democratic presidential hopefuls who pray that town hall participants or debate moderators will ask them what they think about global warming. Which in turn means that, whatever becomes of the plan, it will have moved climate change — a serious issue that has had serious trouble gaining traction — to a commanding position in the national conversation. That alone is reason to applaud it. In name and concept, the plan is not new. The term Green New Deal appeared in a column in The Times by Thomas Friedman in January 2007, in which he called for a vast public and private investment program that would throw everything under the sun (including, actually, the sun itself) — wind, solar, nuclear power, energy efficiency, advanced research, tax incentives and a price on carbon — into a massive effort to build a more climate-friendly energy system while also revitalizing the American economy. This is essentially what the Mr. Markey and Ms. Ocasio-Cortez had in mind when they rolled out their resolution on Feb. 7. Unfortunately, that rollout was anything but smooth, due largely to the bungling of Ms. Ocasio-Cortez’s staff, which posted on her website a set of pugnacious and poorly written talking points (later disavowed) that scared even moderate Democrats. Apart from bold if probably unattainable objectives (a total transformation to renewable energy in 10 years), the talking points dismissed as unacceptable three strategies that many experts say are necessary to any solution: nuclear power, technology that allows fossil fuel plants to capture and store their own emissions, and market-based solutions like a carbon tax or the kind of cap and trade bill that Mr. Markey worked valiantly and unsuccessfully to get Congress to approve 10 years ago. The talking points made other dubious promises, including jobs even for Americans “unwilling” to work. The immediate result of this amateurish mess was to hand Mr. Trump and other climate deniers irresistible political talking points. The actual resolution seems more measured. It speaks only of a 10-year mobilization effort to reduce carbon emissions, without giving an explicit deadline, and it is silent as to particular strategies, leaving nuclear, carbon capture and price signals very much on the table. It does not mention costs. Some experts believe that fully remaking the energy delivery system could run into the trillions of dollars; proponents argue that spending trillions now could save much more in damages later. The idea of decarbonizing the economy is ambitious, commendable and urgent. In early January, for instance, came three hugely dispiriting reports. The Rhodium Group, a research firm, estimated that America’s carbon dioxide emissions, after a period of decline, had risen by 3.4 percent in 2018, even as a near-record number of coal plants around the country were retired. The main culprits were economic growth and rising emissions from factories, putting America’s vow to cut greenhouse gas emissions 26 to 28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025 further out of reach, absent bold new policies or technological breakthroughs.This bad news was followed by a study in Science finding that the oceans are warming at an alarming pace, 40 to 50 percent faster than the United Nations had estimated, putting corals and fisheries at even greater risk. If that were not enough, the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences followed with a study predicting faster melting of Antarctica’s huge ice reserves. These are not good signs, but Mr. Markey, ever the optimist, thinks there is no better time to put forth aggressive ambitions and solutions. Obviously, nothing will happen legislatively as long as the Republicans control the Senate and Mr. Trump sits in the White House. But the stars are aligned, Mr. Markey thinks, for a robust debate about a climate strategy that his party can take to the voters in 2020. The steady drumbeat of alarming reports, plus one climate-related multibillion dollar disaster after another, has raised public consciousness, which in turn increases public pressure on Congress to do something. In an exchange that went viral on Friday, a group of children pressed Democractic Senator Dianne Feinstein over her refusal to support the plan. “We’re the ones who are going to be impacted,” one of the children lamented.Meanwhile, technological progress toward clean-energy solutions has been nothing short of remarkable, giving the lie to the old denier argument that clean energy inevitably means fewer jobs. Wind capacity has increased more than fourfold in the last decade. Solar power, while still a very small part of the total energy mix, has increased at an even faster rate. And prices for both have dropped to the point where they are increasingly competitive with fossil fuels. Ten years ago, an electric car was a curiosity; now more than a million have been sold in the United States. For now, the nation must endure Mr. Trump’s boneheaded policies. The president has rejected the Paris agreement on climate change and rolled back Obama-era limits on carbon dioxide from coal-fired power plants and methane emissions from oil and gas facilities, while doing all he can to open more lands and waters to oil and gas exploration. Last week, his administration made clear that it would proceed with plans to weaken fuel economy standards, despite strong objections from California and other states. In addition, The Times reported, he will soon form a special committee whose main purpose, it appears, is to challenge warnings from the Pentagon and intelligence agencies that global warming poses a threat to national security. The immediate task facing the Democrats in 2021 — if they win control of the White House and Congress — will be to reverse Mr. Trump’s reversals. But even now, there are familiar policies that the Democrats, who control the House, can pass through key committees and the full House to force the Senate, and the nation, to debate them. These policies could go a long way toward meeting a goal of net zero emissions by midcentury, less than what the Green New Deal calls for but consistent with the recommendations of the United Nations. They could include a national electricity standard utilizing nuclear and carbon capture along with wind and solar; larger (and more consistent) tax incentives for electric vehicles; an infrastructure program that brings serious federal dollars to bear on improving efficiency in buildings and the electrical grid; major efforts to promote the sequestration of carbon in forests, farms and public lands — a critical component, which the Green New Deal recognizes, in any effort to pull carbon from the atmosphere. Step-by-step measures like these will suit the political temperature of most House Democrats (only about 70 of whom have endorsed the Green New Deal), including the speaker, Nancy Pelosi, who gave even the toned-down resolution the back of her hand — “The green dream or whatever they call it, nobody knows what it is, but they’re for it, right?” Whether such measures will satisfy the activists who have gathered around Ms. Ocasio-Cortez is another matter. After all, her talking points, as well as the resolution itself, speak also of providing higher education for all Americans; universal health care; affordable housing; remedies for “systemic injustices” among the poor, the elderly and people of color; and a federal job guarantee insuring “a family-sustaining wage, adequate family and medical leave, paid vacations and retirement security.” Which raises this question: Is the Green New Deal aimed at addressing the climate crisis? Or is addressing the climate crisis merely a cover for a wish-list of progressive policies and a not-so-subtle effort to move the Democratic Party to the left? At least some candidates — Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota among them — seem to think so. Read literally, the resolution wants not only to achieve a carbon-neutral energy system but also to transform the economy itself. As Mr. Markey can tell you from past experience, the first goal is going to be hard enough. Tackling climate change in a big way is in itself likely to be transformative. We should get on with it. The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.DUBAI/LONDON/MOSCOW — OPEC could raise oil output from July if Venezuelan and Iranian supply drops further and prices keep rallying, because extending production cuts with Russia and other allies could overtighten the market, sources familiar with the matter said.Venezuelan crude production has dropped below 1 million barrels per day (bpd) because of U.S. sanctions. Iranian supply could fall further after May if, as many expect, Washington tightens its sanctions against Tehran.The combined supply cuts have helped to drive a 32 percent rally in crude prices this year to nearly $72 a barrel, prompting pressure from U.S. President Donald Trump for OPEC to ease its market-supporting efforts. OPEC has been saying the curbs must remain, but that stance is now softening."If there was a big drop in supply and oil went up to $85, that's something we don't want to see, so we may have to increase output," one OPEC source said. The market outlook remains unclear and much depends on how far Washington tightens the screw on Iran and Venezuela before OPEC's June meeting, the source added.The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, Russia and other producers, an alliance known as OPEC+, are reducing output by 1.2 million bpd from Jan. 1 for six months. They meet on June 25-26 to decide whether to extend the pact.A Russian official indicated this week that Moscow wanted to pump more, in comments that a Russian energy source said were aimed at preparing the market for the end of output curbs.However, President Vladimir Putin seemingly softened that stance.A second OPEC source said producers "might" pump more if output dropped further from Iran and Venezuela and oil went above $80 by June. If this happened, any increase would be smaller than 1.2 million bpd, the source saidA third OPEC source raised the prospect of amending the deal in June while still extending the pact, citing declines in Iranian and Venezuelan production plus volatility in Libyan supply."I expect an extension for a further period, but maybe there will be some adjustment," this source said.In 2018 OPEC+ decided to increase output at its mid-year meeting, only to return to production cuts in 2019.OUTPUT DROPSOutput declines in OPEC because of the supply pact, plus the sanctions on Venezuela and Iran, have exceeded expectations.Venezuela pumped 960,000 bpd in March, down almost 500,000 bpd from February, OPEC said in a report on Wednesday. The report pointed to a slightly under-supplied market in 2019 if OPEC kept pumping at March's level.For a graphic on World oil market balance 2019, see - https://tmsnrt.rs/2VBfVGG The International Energy Agency on Thursday reported an even lower figure for Venezuela's March output and said the country's production is likely to fall further this month. Adding to the impact of the involuntary declines, top exporter Saudi Arabia has cut production by more than it agreed under the global pact.A fourth OPEC source said there were talks about ideas such as whether OPEC should continue with the cuts alone, a deal extension of only three months to keep Russia on board or pumping more if prices rise further."An increase is on the table, yes, if prices went to $80 and higher," this OPEC source said. "It all depends on where prices are by the end of May and June."Saudi Arabia can add more oil to the market without adjusting production quotas since the kingdom's output in March was some 500,000 bpd below its OPEC target, the source added.Russia is also ready to boost supplies. "Russia has started talks about an oil production rise as it can hardly follow the OPEC+ deal," said another Russian energy source. "The companies are struggling to curb production."  (Writing by Alex Lawler; Editing by Dale Hudson and David Goodman)What Was Said“When they charge 40 percent tariffs on our cars going into China, and we charge them nothing coming to our country. When they raise their tariff from 10 percent to 25 percent then 40 percent, and they said to me, ‘We expected somebody would call and say, you can’t nobody called so we just left it.’”This is misleading.President Trump’s account of China’s tariff rates and his role in relation to them is distorted.The United States charges a tariff of 2.5 percent — not “nothing” — on foreign car imports and raised the rate on Chinese vehicles to 27.5 percent over the summer.China previously imposed a 25 percent tariff on foreign car imports but lowered that rate to 15 percent in July. As trade tensions between Beijing and Washington escalated, China then increased the tariffs on American cars to 40 percent to retaliate against Mr. Trump’s new tariffs before agreeing in December to temporarily suspend them.What Was Said “The Green New Deal, I encourage it, I think it is really something that they should promote. They should work hard on, it is something the country needs desperately. They have to go out and get it, but I will take the other side of that argument, only because I am mandated to. But they should stay with that. Never change. No planes. No energy. When the wind stops blowing, that’s the end of your electric.”False.Mr. Trump has escalated a previously exaggerated claim to a false one. The Green New Deal is a proposal by liberal Democrats to combat climate change. It was introduced by Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York and Senator Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts.The legislation does not call for eliminating airplanes, though a draft summary of the plan on Ms. Ocasio-Cortez’s website did refer to getting rid of “emissions from cows or air travel.” Her staff has since retracted the post and said that it was incomplete and published by accident.It is wrong to claim that enforcement of the Green New Deal would lead to “no energy” or no electricity. The legislation calls for the expansion of renewable energy sources, which accounted for about 17.1 percent of electricity generated in the United States in 2018.What Was Said“Then in 1913, they ended tariffs.”False.The Revenue Act of 1913, or the Underwood Tariff Act, reduced tariff rates to 25 percent from roughly 40 percent but did not eliminate them completely. Tariffs still accounted for nearly one-third of federal revenue in 1915. Rates were then raised in 1922 and 1930, before liberalization became a consistent trend in American trade policy. Tariffs have generated less than 2 percent of annual federal revenue for the past 70 years.What Was Said“So we fired Comey. Schumer who called for his resignation many times. Podesta, I believe that day ... called for his resignation.”This is exaggerated.Many Democratic lawmakers had criticized James B. Comey, the former director of the F.B.I., for his handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s email server before he was fired by Mr. Trump. But the two men the president singled out had not called for Mr. Comey to step down.Senator Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader, said that he had lost confidence in Mr. Comey, but he did not say that Mr. Comey should be ousted. John D. Podesta, the former Clinton campaign manager, called Mr. Comey’s handling of the investigation a “mistake” that broke with precedent but specifically declined to press for his resignation.What Was Said“We never have empty seats.”False.While Mr. Trump does draw large, passionate crowds at events and often fills overflow rooms, seats have been empty on occasion. For example, at a May 2017 rally in Harrisburg, Pa., Mr. Trump drew a crowd of roughly 9,500 people in an arena that could hold 11,431, according to The Philadelphia Inquirer. The New York Times reported that Mr. Trump had privately expressed disappointment with empty chairs at an August 2018 rally in West Virginia.What Was Said“I flew to Iraq — first time I left the White House because I stayed in the White House for months and months because I wanted the Democrats to get back from their vacations from Hawaii and these other places.”False.Mr. Trump visited troops in Iraq on Dec. 26, but that was far from his first outing in months. He traveled to the National Cathedral in Washington on Christmas Eve and went to Arlington National Cemetery on Dec. 15. Other trips took him to the Army-Navy football game in Philadelphia on Dec. 8, a law enforcement event in Missouri on Dec. 7, the Group of 20 meeting in Argentina from Nov. 29 to Dec. 1, and campaign rallies in Mississippi on Nov. 26. He also celebrated Thanksgiving at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida.Other claimsMr. Trump also made at least 9 other inaccurate claims that The Times has previously fact-checked:He understated the number of Electoral College votes Mrs. Clinton won as 223. (It was 232.)He exaggerated the United States’ annual trade deficit with China as $500 billion. (It was $336 billion in 2017.)He exaggerated the United States’ annual trade deficit with the rest of the world as $800 billion. (It was $553 billion in 2017.)He misleadingly claimed that the news media would have deemed the level of job creation and reduction in food stamp participation “impossible.” (The numbers are on par with figures reached before he took office.)He falsely claimed military spending had reached levels “nobody’s ever heard of.” (Congress authorized more money for the military several years under President Barack Obama.)He falsely claimed just 3 percent of detained unauthorized immigrants “come back for a trial.” (About 72 percent showed up in the 2017 fiscal year.)He misleadingly claimed Democrats voted to “execute” babies after birth. (Infants are rarely born alive after abortion procedures, and if they are, doctors do not kill them.)He misleadingly claimed “we just got” Veterans Choice. (The health care program has existed since 2014, though Mr. Trump did enact changes.)He falsely claimed “you couldn’t fire anybody in the V.A.” before he took office. (He signed a law that would make it easier to remove bad employees, but the department had been able to fire people before.)Curious about the accuracy of a claim? Email factcheck@nytimes.com (Reuters) - The U.S. Senate confirmed former energy lobbyist David Bernhardt as the next Interior Secretary on Thursday, even as coastal-state senators from both parties raise concerns about his plans to vastly expand offshore drilling.Senators approved Bernhardt in a 56 to 41 vote.Bernhardt replaces former Montana Congressman Ryan Zinke as the head of the Interior Department, which manages federal and tribal lands and waters and is key to President Donald Trump's efforts to boost domestic crude oil, natural gas and coal production.He was approved by the Republican-controlled Senate over the objections of Democrats concerned that his former lobbying for industry means he will favor energy and minerals development over conservation.Republican senators including Marco Rubio and Rick Scott of Florida have also raised concerns over the Interior Department's looming five-year offshore drilling plan, which could expand drilling into new parts of the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, Atlantic, Pacific and Arctic. Coastal states like Florida are concerned about the impact of a spill on their tourism industries.But in a sign that Bernhardt has assuaged some of those concerns in recent days, both Rubio and Scott voted for Berhardt's confirmation. Republican senators from North Carolina and South Carolina, two other states opposed to drilling off their coastlines, also voted to confirm Bernhardt."I am VERY confident that when all is said & done no oil drilling is coming to our coastline," Rubio said on Twitter ahead of the vote.Rubio and Scott had sent a letter to Bernhardt last month urging him to keep Florida protected from offshore drilling and honor a promise Zinke had made prior to his resignation that Florida would be exempted from the plan.Democratic senators continued to urge that the Senate reject Bernhardt's confirmation because of his close ties to some of the industries that the Interior Department would regulate.Oregon Democratic Senator Ron Wyden, for example, asked the Department of Justice earlier this week to investigate whether Bernhardt was in violation of lobbying disclosure laws.“Add these troubling allegations to the long list of reasons why the nomination of David Bernhardt should be stopped, or at minimum delayed, until the Senate and the American people get all of the facts,” said Wyden.  (Reporting by Valerie Volcovici; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)(Reuters) - A fiery gas explosion triggered by a construction worker in Durham, North Carolina, leveled a building on Wednesday, killing at least one person and injuring at least 17, authorities said.The blast, which occurred as officials were evacuating people from the area about a half-hour after a gas leak was reported, left five buildings smoldering in the city's downtown on its 150th birthday, officials said. "The fires have been contained and they're under control but the incident is far from over," Durham Fire Chief Bob Zoldos told reporters near the scene.While all people who had been in the two-story buildings were accounted for, Zoldos said rescue workers will spend the next two days searching the fire-damaged buildings and sifting through the rubble of the one that sustained "catastrophic damage."Because some of the building space had retail businesses, he said he could not rule out the possibility of more victims. Officials did not immediately identify the person killed.The blast sent 17 people to area hospitals, including six with critical injuries and a firefighter whose injuries were serious but not life-threatening, officials said.The incident began with a report at 9:38 a.m. (1338 GMT) of a leak when a 2-inch (5 cm) gas line was ruptured by a contractor drilling under a sidewalk, officials said.A half-hour later, as the area was being evacuated, there was a loud explosion that leveled a building, shattered glass on parts of Duke University's downtown campus and erupted into flames that firefighters spent hours battling.The local gas company, PSNC Energy, a subsidiary of Dominion Energy Inc, said in a statement that its crews had shut off the flow of gas to the area shortly after 11 a.m. (1500 GMT).The explosion also prompted the evacuation of the nearby Durham School of the Arts, but caused no injuries, the school said. Durham Schools Superintendent Pascal Mubenga said the school would remain closed on Wednesday while its structure is examined.Durham Mayor Steve Schewel praised the efforts of first responders and noted the irony of the tragedy occurring on the city's 150th birthday. "It's not a happy day, but, again, it's a day when I am so proud of how our local government functions," he told reporters. (Reporting by Peter Szekely in New York; Editing by James Dalgleish)SINGAPORE — Oil prices fell on Thursday after U.S. crude stockpiles surged to their highest levels in almost 17 months amid record production.International benchmark Brent futures were at $71.57 per barrel at 0056 GMT, down 16 cents, or 0.2 percent, from their last close.U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil futures were at $64.36 per barrel, down 25 cents, or 0.4 percent, from their previous settlement.U.S. crude inventories rose 7 million barrels to 456.6 million barrels in the last week, their highest since November 2017, the Energy Information Administration said on Wednesday.U.S. crude oil production remained at a record 12.2 million barrels per day (bpd), making the United States the world's biggest oil producer ahead of Russia and Saudi Arabia. Graphic: U.S. oil production, storage & drilling levels, click https://tmsnrt.rs/2HWNIqK Despite this growth in U.S. supply, global oil markets remain tight amid supply cuts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), U.S. sanctions on oil exporters Iran and Venezuela, and escalating fighting in Libya.As a result, Brent and WTI have risen by around 30 and 40 percent respectively since the start of the year.Venezuela's oil output sank to a new long-term low last month due to U.S. sanctions and blackouts, with production plunging to 960,000 bpd in March, a drop of almost 500,000 bpd from February."Pressure to global supplies continues to mount because of sanctions-linked problems in Iran and Venezuela and rising geopolitical risk in Libya," said Stephen Innes, head of trading at SPI Asset Management.Beyond the short-term outlook for oil markets, a lot of attention is on the future of demand amid the rise of alternative fuels for transport."We believe global demand has another 10 million barrels bpd of growth, with over half from China," Bernstein Energy said in a note on Thursday.Current oil demand stands around 100 million bpd.Bernstein said it expected oil demand to peak around 2030, but added that "we expect a long plateau rather than a sharp decline" in consumption after that."While no industry lasts forever, the age of oil is far from over," Bernstein said. (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Joseph Radford)Stocks notched solid gains on Wall Street Friday, erasing most of the losses the market sustained after an uneven week of trading.The strong finish gave the S&P 500 its third straight weekly gain. The benchmark index is now just under 1% from its most recent all-time high set on September 20, reflecting the strong rebound for the market this year after a dismal slide in December.Banks led the gains Friday after a solid quarterly profit report from JPMorgan Chase opened the latest round of highly anticipated company earnings. Banks have been benefiting from higher interest rates, which allow them to book fatter profits from making loans.Disney surged to an all-time high after it announced plans to offer its own video streaming service. Disney will be going head-to-head with Netflix, which declined.The market was coming off a wobbly week as investors worried that the early first-quarter earnings reports would come in even weaker than the low expectations analysts already have.The solid results from major banks Friday were encouraging, but investors need to see more, said Sam Stovall, chief investment strategist at CFRA."In general, you need to have the financial companies participate in order for a market advance to continue," Stovall said. "Investors will be waiting, listening for other news that would be beneficial not only to banks, but to industrial and technology stocks."The S&P 500 index rose 19.09 points, or 0.7%, to 2,907.41. The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 269.25 points, or 1%, to 26,412.30. The average still finished slightly lower for the week.The Nasdaq composite gained 36.80 points, or 0.5%, to 7,984.16. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 5.66 points, or 0.4%, to 1,584.80.Bond prices fell. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury rose to 2.56% from 2.50% late Thursday.Indexes in Europe and Asia closed broadly higher.In addition to banks, technology, communications and industrial companies helped lift U.S. stocks Friday. Health care was the only sector to lose ground. So far this year, it's lagging the other 10 sectors in the S&P 500.The market got an early boost from new economic data out of China showing the world's second-largest economy benefited from a surge in exports last month, even as Beijing and Washington continued to negotiate a resolution to their costly trade war.The gain marks a turnaround from a severe contraction in February and helped put investor fears over a global economic slowdown in check.The data on Chinese exports suggests that growth is potentially going to rebound, said Tom Martin, senior portfolio manager with Globalt Investments."It wasn't as bad as people had expected it might be," he said.Investors will be focusing over the next few weeks on company earnings reports in hopes of gleaning clues about the trajectory of the U.S. economy and corporate profits. Citigroup, UnitedHealth Group and Johnson & Johnson are among the larger companies releasing results next week.Analysts expect companies in the S&P 500 to report a 3.4% drop in earnings per share from a year earlier, which would be the first decline since the spring of 2016. The expected drop in profits is due almost entirely to weaker profit margins.Traders were encouraged Friday by JPMorgan's quarterly report card. The investment banking giant rose 4.7% after it reported solid profits for the first quarter.Wells Fargo initially rose after its results beat analysts' forecasts, but its shares turned lower by midmorning and never recovered. The stock fell 2.6%.JPMorgan and Wells Fargo's latest results show that higher interest rates during the quarter drove increases in revenue. Those higher rates allow banks and financial companies to charge more for loans and credit cards.The trend helped boost shares in other major banks. Goldman Sachs picked up 2.5%, Bank of America added 3.8% and Citigroup rose 2.3%.Disney surged 11.5% after it released plans to offer a streaming entertainment service dubbed Disney Plus. The service is scheduled to roll out on November 12 at $6.99 per month. That's well below the $13 monthly price tag for rival Netflix, whose stock fell 4.5%.Disney ended a lucrative licensing relationship with Netflix in order to create the streaming service. It faces challenges as it builds a service to compete with the entrenched streaming leaders, which also include HBO Go and Showtime.Energy companies rose Friday after Chevron said it would pay $33 billion to buy rival Anadarko Petroleum. The sector has been rising as oil prices have surged about 40% so far this year, sending energy company revenues higher and giving them more funds for investment.Anadarko vaulted 32%. Among other big gainers in the sector, Pioneer Natural Resources jumped 11.5% and Devon Energy climbed 7.4%. Chevron was one of the sector's few decliners, dropping 4.9%.Energy futures closed mostly higher. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 0.5% to settle at $63.89 a barrel. Brent crude gained 1% to close at $71.55 a barrel.Wholesale gasoline added 0.3% to $2.04 a gallon, heating oil picked up 0.2% to $2.07 a gallon and natural gas dropped 0.2% to $2.66 per 1,000 cubic feet.The dollar rose to 112.08 yen from 111.66 yen on Thursday. The euro strengthened to $1.1296 from $1.1258.Gold inched 0.1% higher to $1,295.20 an ounce, silver added 0.6% to $14.96 an ounce and copper rose 2% to $2.95 a pound.___AP Business Writer Damian J. Troise contributed to this report.Welcome to the Climate Fwd: newsletter. The New York Times climate team emails readers once a week with stories and insights about climate change. Sign up here to get it in your inbox.By John SchwartzHi, everybody! Things have been heating up around here, especially in the ocean. A new study suggests the oceans have been warming more rapidly than scientists previously thought. Zeke Hausfather, an author of the study, told our colleague Kendra Pierre-Louis that 2018 would turn out to be “the warmest year on record for the Earth’s oceans, as 2017 was the warmest year, and 2016 was the warmest year.”The news about the oceans makes you wonder how high 2018 will rank among the hottest years in recorded history. We’d love to tell you, but we can’t: The government shutdown has stalled that data, and a lot of other important science besides. Kendra has that story, too.That’s just one of the effects of the shutdown. Coral Davenport wrote about furloughed pollution inspectors at the Environmental Protection Agency who would normally be checking up on chemical factories, power plants, oil refineries, water treatment plants and thousands of other industrial sites for pollution violations.Still, not everything is idle for the Trump administration. It is bringing back at least 40 federal employees to work on plans to sell oil and gas drilling leases off the United States coastline. And the hearing over the nomination of Andrew Wheeler to head the Environmental Protection Agency went on as scheduled.In California, Pacific Gas and Electric will seek bankruptcy protection over the billions of dollars in liability it faces from two years of deadly wildfires. Climate change is a factor, helping to make wildfires more numerous and more destructive — and making the utility “one of the first major financial casualties from climate change.”And, if all of that is the sort of news that might have you reaching for a comforting cup of coffee, you guessed it: Climate change (and deforestation) is threatening many wild species of coffee. Somini Sengupta tells us that the loss of diversity means we could be losing options to adapt our morning cup to a changing world.How far can a president go?By John SchwartzAs the impasse continues over President Trump’s demand for a border wall, Mr. Trump and his allies have floated the idea of his declaring a national emergency that they say might allow him to build it without congressional approval.Mr. Trump has already pulled back somewhat from his earlier threats of an emergency declaration. But the idea alone has caused consternation, and not just among Democrats. Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said last week that the precedent of declaring an emergency to build the wall worried him. “We have to be careful about endorsing broad uses of executive power,” he said. “Tomorrow the national emergency might be climate change.“Hmm,” we thought here at Team Climate. Could a future president who accepts the seriousness of the climate threat declare an emergency to get things done? How would that work?There are 136 statutory provisions that grant powers to the president under an emergency declaration, according to a recent report from the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University. These laws are very specific in their effects, said Elizabeth Goitein, a co-director of the center’s Liberty and National Security Program.Whether the laws would allow Mr. Trump to build a wall is questionable; whether they would allow action on climate change is even more so.Some of the laws do allow the president to act on environmental safeguards and energy production, but “they all cut the other way,” Ms. Goitein said. These are laws that allow the president to temporarily suspend environmental protections, for example, in the case of a national emergency that requires a quick surge in energy production. So, those laws could not be used to tighten environmental protections or to reduce energy production.“There are no emergency provisions to protect the Earth,” Ms. Goitein said.What’s more, the meaning of an emergency when invoking these powers is rooted in the idea of things that happen suddenly, without the kind of warning that gives Congress time to act — and one thing that isn’t sudden is knowledge about climate change.The intention of the provisions, Ms. Goitein said, is not to “get around the law” or to perform an end run around a Congress that disagrees with the president’s wishes.“We are in a climate emergency,” said Michael Burger, executive director of the Sabin Center for Climate Change Law at Columbia University. “But just because you call something an emergency doesn’t mean that it fits under the president’s statutory authority.”One thing you can do: Watch the warm waterBy Tik RootWhen you turn on the shower, chances are that hot water (eventually) comes out. While we may wonder why it takes so long for the water to warm, that’s about as far as our minds probably wander on the subject. But here’s something to remember: Keeping water hot is one of the most energy-intensive components of our daily lives.According to the Energy Department, water heating accounts for about 18 percent of a home’s energy consumption. That’s usually second only to home heating (which we covered last month) and cooling. But it often goes overlooked, said Gary Klein, a consultant on hot water efficiency.For energy-conscious homeowners who have already gone through a standard checklist, “water heating is going to be the biggest one thing that’s left,” Mr. Klein said. “It’s like the next gold mine to go mining in.”There are a number of places to start, some easier than others.If you’re building a new home or doing major renovations, Mr. Klein suggests a design where the taps and hot water heater are as close to one another as possible. Another consideration is whether to go with a traditional hot water tank or a tankless system, which is more expensive to install but uses less energy because it heats water only on demand.High-efficiency appliances also go a long way, Mr. Klein said, mainly because they use less water, thus reducing the need to heat it in the first place.But there are also simple things that most anyone can do. Switching to low-flow fixtures, for example, reduces the demand for hot water, leading to significant savings.Another place to look is on the water heater itself, where the temperature is almost always adjustable. If your water is coming out of the tap scalding, the temperature is probably set too high, so go ahead and try inching it down until you feel comfortable. The Energy Department recommends 120 degrees.Mr. Klein recommends looking into other modifications as well. Demand-activated pumps, for example, can help bring your water up to temperature without wasting water down the drain. Pressure-compensating aerators better regulate the flow from fixtures and can be quite inexpensive.The technology, he said, is much better than it used to be. “If you tried this stuff some years ago,” he said, “it’s time to try it again.”Mr. Klein also recommends insulating your hot water pipes. Doing so keeps your unused hot water warmer for longer, meaning less energy is needed to heat it back up.“Poorly insulated pipes,” Mr. Klein said, “is sort of like having screen doors in submarines.”We’d love your feedback on this newsletter. Please email thoughts and suggestions to climateteam@nytimes.com.If you like what we’re doing, please spread the word and send this to your friends. You can sign up here to get our newsletter delivered to your inbox each week.And be sure to check out our full assortment of free newsletters from The Times.GRINNELL, Iowa — Beto O'Rourke and other 2020 Democratic presidential candidates making appeals to young voters face a challenge.They can soak up the energy of young crowds at campus rallies, but that doesn't necessarily translate into support on Election Day.Even when enthusiasm about an election is high, as it was during the 2018 midterms, young people often participate in lower rates than their older counterparts.Last year in Iowa, home to several competitive races, voters ages 18 to 24 made up less than 7% of the overall electorate, according to the Iowa secretary of state.It can be even tougher to get someone to show up for a presidential caucus.HOUSTON — Chevron Corp's proposed $33-billion (£25 billion) deal for Anadarko Petroleum vaults the company into top ranks of the world's biggest oil companies and cements its chief executive, Mike Wirth, as a dealmaker. The merger, the sixth largest energy acquisition by value, propels Chevron two spots to the second-largest major by oil output, behind Exxon Mobil Corp, according to research firms Drillinginfo and Wood Mackenzie.It comes less than three months after Wirth bought Pasadena Refining System Inc, the (PRSI) operator of a Texas oil refinery. "My aspirations are for the company to be a strong performer," Wirth said in an interview on Friday. "We have always said and will still say that anything we do would have to make us even stronger." Wirth, 58, took over as chief executive 14 months ago, with a reputation for keen attention to costs earned from running Chevron's pipeline and trading units, and nearly a decade in charge of its refining business. The Anadarko deal was negotiated over the last few weeks, though Chevron has been thinking about the deal for some time, Wirth, a chemical engineer by training, said on Friday. Wirth is detailed-oriented and a relentless worker, said Mike Sommers, president of industry group American Petroleum Institute, where Wirth is a member of the executive committee. After a recent dinner concluded at 10 p.m., Wirth headed off to make calls to staff overseas, Sommers said."He is not someone who enters into every conversation but when he engages on an issue, he has a way of bringing the room together," said Sommers.His deal for Anadarko marks the company's biggest expansion since its acquisition of Texaco in 2000. The purchase makes Chevron the top producer in the Permian Basin, the largest U.S. shale field. It also expands its oil and gas operations in the Gulf of Mexico and in liquefied natural gas."It wasn't that long ago you wouldn't have heard the word 'Permian' in anything from Chevron," said Rob Thummel, portfolio manager at energy investment firm Tortoise Capital. Chevron's $350 million (£268 million) deal for PRSI, a Gulf Coast refinery business owned by Brazil's Petrobras, fits its Permian expansion. The unit will turn West Texas crude into gasoline and fuels for its retailing network. (Reporting by Jennifer Hiller; Editing by Nick Zieminski)THE UNINHABITABLE EARTH Life After Warming By David Wallace-WellsLOSING EARTH A Climate History By Nathaniel RichClimate change is the greatest challenge humanity has collectively faced. That challenge is, to put it mildly, practical; but it also poses a problem to the imagination. Our politics, our societies, are arranged around individual and group interests. These interests have to do with class, or ethnicity, or gender, or economics — make your own list. By asserting these interests, we call out to each other so that as a collective we see and hear one another. From that beginning, we construct the three overlapping, interacting R’s of recognition, representation and rights.The problem with climate change, as an existential challenge to humanity, is that the interest-based model of society and politics doesn’t work. Most of the people in whose interest we are demanding action aren’t here. They haven’t been born yet. And because the areas first and most affected by climate change are the poorest regions of earth, we are talking about the least seen, least represented group on our planet. We have to imagine these people into being, and then grant them rights, and then take unprecedented, society-wide action on that basis.The demand climate change makes on us is to feel empathy for the unborn poor of the global south, and change our economies to act on the basis of their needs. That’s something humanity has never done before.Pessimism would be an ethical catastrophe. It leads only to despair, despair to inaction, and inaction to a future world David Attenborough has described as “the collapse of our civilizations and the extinction of much of the natural world.” To avoid the most terrible possible versions of our future, we have to stay positive; it’s the only moral response to this crisis. And there are grounds to do so, as David Wallace-Wells argues in his brilliant new book, “The Uninhabitable Earth: Life After Warming”: “We have all the tools we need, today, to stop it all: a carbon tax and the political apparatus to aggressively phase out dirty energy, a new approach to agricultural practices and a shift away from beef and dairy in the global diet; and public investment in green energy and carbon capture.”ImageGlobal emissions could be cut by a third if the richest 10 percent of humanity cut their use of energy to the same level as affluent, comfortable Europe. One prospective technique to scrub carbon from the atmosphere would cost $3 trillion a year, a colossal amount — but significantly less than the current level of subsidies paid out globally for fossil fuel, estimated at $5 trillion. Taken all in all, solutions are “obvious” and “available.” The only obstacle to implementing them is political will.This litany of ideas might make “The Uninhabitable Earth” sound upbeat. That would be misleading. At the heart of Wallace-Wells’s book is a remorseless, near-unbearable account of what we are doing to our planet. Climate change is “not just the biggest threat human life on the planet has ever faced but a threat of an entirely different category and scale,” he writes. Even if collective action manages to keep us to 2 degrees Celsius of warming — a target it looks like we are currently on course to miss — we would be facing a world in which “the ice sheets will begin their collapse, global G.D.P. per capita will be cut by 13 percent, 400 million more people will suffer from water scarcity, major cities in the equatorial band of the planet will become unlivable, and even in the northern latitudes heat waves will kill thousands each summer.”But remember, he writes, “this is our best case scenario.” Wallace-Wells takes us through a compendium of the ways in which things could get so much worse, from simple “heat death” through catastrophic storms, droughts, flooding, wildfires, pollution, plague, economic collapse and war. We will see migration on a scale the world has never experienced: United Nations and World Bank estimates of how many people will be forcibly displaced by the middle of this century range from the tens to the hundreds of millions. All of this will affect the world’s poor far more than the world’s rich. The innocent, who have done the least to damage the environment through the consumption of fossil fuels, will suffer more than the guilty.“The Uninhabitable Earth” gives readers’ emotions a thorough workout along that pessimism-to-despair spectrum, before we are brought round to the writer’s “acceptance of responsibility.” I stress the emotional aspect because it is crucial: We are facing a call to action that we are, on the evidence of our behavior so far, likely to ignore, unless we directly feel its urgency. We know this, because that’s what we have been doing. The science of global warming has been settled for 40 years, but we have not just continued to pollute, we have accelerated the rate at which we’ve been doing so. Most of the carbon humans have put into the atmosphere has been emitted in the last three decades. As Wallace-Wells tartly puts it, “We have done as much damage to the fate of the planet and its ability to sustain human life and civilization since Al Gore published his first book on the climate than in all the centuries — all the millenniums — that came before.”This is part of the tragedy. It’s not just that we know what’s happening, it’s that we’ve known for years and done nothing. Nathaniel Rich observes in “Losing Earth: A Recent History” that “nearly every conversation we have in 2019 about climate change was being held in 1979.” His gripping, depressing, revelatory book is an expanded version of a whole-issue article that appeared in The New York Times Magazine last year. It is an account of what went wrong — of how it was that a moment of growing awareness of climate change, and an apparent willingness to act on the knowledge, was allowed to dissipate into stasis and inaction.ImageThe story runs from 1979 to 1989. Rich frames his narrative through a central character, Rafe Pomerance, a Friends of the Earth lobbyist who first came across the issue of global warming in a 1979 E.P.A. report. In the ’80s, Congress had several hearings into climate change, which was accepted as an urgent priority even by a figure as conservative and anti-intellectual as Dan Quayle: “The greenhouse effect is an important environmental issue. We need to get on with it.”So why didn’t they?Rich offers a number of reasons. Scientists struggled to put across a clear message with sufficient force, for one. Pomerance looked with envy at the clarity with which the “hole in the ozone layer” was targeted for action by concerned scientists, notwithstanding the fact that, as Rich writes, “there was no hole, and there was no layer.” The climate scientists’ honorable struggles with complexity, probability models and time-lags between cause and effect helped dilute the impact of their message. A 1983 report by the Academy of Sciences, “Changing Climate,” was interpreted as calling for “caution not panic.” Roger Revelle, one of America’s leading scientists and author of a 1957 paper that was one of the first to describe the greenhouse effect, said that “we’re flashing a yellow light but not a red light. It’s not an unmitigated disaster by any means. It’s just a change.” The effect of all this was that the fight against climate change lost momentum at a critical point.The greater part of responsibility for the failure, however, lies with politicians and energy companies. The big fossil fuel firms knew the realities of human-caused climate change but chose to ignore them and to lobby for the right to damage the environment; the Republican Party had factions that were in league with Big Energy, overlapping with other factions in denial about the scientific realities. The Reagan administration fought hard against environmental protections of any kind; the Bush administration made rhetorical gestures but John Sununu, George H.W. Bush’s chief of staff, did not believe in anthropogenic climate change and fought the scientists hard, and ultimately successfully.The first meeting of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in 1989 ended without the thing it was convened to achieve, binding targets on global emissions. With American leadership, Rich writes, “warming could have been held to less than 1.5 degrees.” The United States chose to shoot down the agreement. “And with that a decade of excruciating, painful, exhilarating progress turned to air.” More carbon has been emitted into the atmosphere since that 1989 conference than in the preceding history of civilization.Climate change is a tragedy, but Rich makes clear that it is also a crime — a thing that bad people knowingly made worse, for their personal gain. That, I suspect, is one of the many aspects to the climate change battle that posterity will find it hard to believe, and impossible to forgive.WASHINGTON — U.S. consumer prices increased by the most in 14 months in March, but the underlying inflation trend remained benign amid slowing domestic and global economic growth.The mixed report from the Labor Department on Wednesday was broadly supportive of the Federal Reserve's decision last month to suspended its three-year campaign to raise interest rates. The U.S. central bank dropped projections for any rate hikes this year after lifting borrowing costs four times in 2018. Minutes of the Fed's March 19-20 meeting, published on Wednesday, showed most policymakers viewed price pressures as "muted," but expected inflation to rise to or near the central bank's 2 percent target. The Fed's preferred inflation measure, the personal consumption expenditures price index excluding food and energy is currently at 1.8 percent."For the most part, inflation remains tame," said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland, Pennsylvania. "The Fed effectively went on vacation and is likely to stay there for quite a few more months."The Labor Department said its Consumer Price Index rose 0.4 percent, boosted by increases in the costs of food, gasoline and rents. That was the biggest advance since January 2018 and followed a 0.2 percent gain in February.In the 12 months through March, the CPI increased 1.9 percent. The CPI gained 1.5 percent in February, which was the smallest rise since September 2016. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast the CPI climbing 0.3 percent in March and accelerating 1.8 percent year-on-year.Stripping out the volatile food and energy components, the CPI nudged up 0.1 percent, matching February's gain. The so-called core CPI was held down by a 1.9 percent plunge in apparel prices, the largest drop since January 1949. The government last month introduced a new method and data to calculate apparel prices. Apparel prices, which had increased for two straight months, trimmed the core CPI by 0.07 percentage point in March. Many economists expected a reversal in April."The new price collection methodology for apparel incorporates corporate data from one unidentified department store to complement prior survey-based collection," said Kathy Bostjancic, head of U.S. Macro Investor Services at Oxford Economics in New York. "The new methodology appears more likely to show large monthly declines due to the lifecycle of apparel."LOW INFLATION EXPECTATIONSIn the 12 months through March, the core CPI increased 2.0 percent, the smallest advance since February 2018. The core CPI rose 2.1 percent year-on-year in February.The dollar was trading slightly lower against a basket of currencies, while U.S. Treasury prices rose. Stocks on Wall Street were mostly higher. Inflation has remained muted, with wage growth increasing moderately despite tightening labor market conditions. Minutes of the March policy meeting showed some Fed officials believed the benign price pressures could be the result of low inflation expectations and also an indication the labor market was likely not as tight as implied by measures of resource utilization. "The minutes reinforce our view that rates are on hold for the foreseeable future, though this could shift if the economy and or inflation surprise to the up or down sides," said Sal Guatieri, a senior economist at BMO Capital Markets in Toronto.A 3.5 percent jump in energy prices in March accounted for about 60 percent of the increase in the CPI last month. Gasoline prices surged 6.5 percent, the biggest gain since September 2017, after rising 1.5 percent in February. Food prices gained 0.3 percent after accelerating 0.4 percent in February. Food consumed at home increased 0.4 percent. Consumers also paid more for rent. Owners' equivalent rent of primary residence, which is what a homeowner would pay to rent or receive from renting a home, increased 0.3 percent in March after a similar gain in February.Healthcare costs rebounded 0.3 percent after slipping 0.2 percent in February. There were increases in the costs of prescription medication and hospital services.The cost of new vehicles rebounded 0.4 percent after declining 0.2 percent in February. But there were decreases in the prices of used motor vehicles and trucks, airline fares and motor vehicle insurance. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)Eating highly processed foods could shorten your life, a new study suggests.The study, in JAMA Internal Medicine, tracked diet and health over eight years in more than 44,000 French men and women. Their average age was 58 at the start. About 29 percent of their energy intake was ultraprocessed foods. Such foods include instant noodles and soups, breakfast cereals, energy bars and drinks, chicken nuggets and many other ready-made meals and packaged snacks containing numerous ingredients and manufactured using industrial processes.There were 602 deaths over the course of the study, mostly from cancer and cardiovascular disease. Even after adjusting for many health, socioeconomic and behavioral characteristics, including scores on a scale of compliance with a healthy diet, the study found that for every 10 percent increase in ultraprocessed food consumption, there was a 14 percent increase in the risk of death.The authors suggest that high-temperature processing may form contaminants, that additives may be carcinogenic, and that the packaging of prepared foods can lead to contamination.“This is an association, and we cannot prove that it is causal,” said a co-author, Mathilde Touvier, a research director at Inserm, the French public health research center. “People may be scared and think they’re going to die if they eat these foods,” she said, “but we need not be alarmist.”PRAGUE — Czech Prime Minister Andrej Babis said on Wednesday he had proposed Karel Havlicek, the head of a small business association and deputy chief of government science and research council, as the new industry minister.He will replace Marta Novakova, who was an ally of pro-Chinese and pro-Russian President Milos Zeman. Novakova said earlier on Wednesday that Babis had decided to replace her.Among the main tasks for the ministry is regulation of the energy and telecoms markets and preparing a project to build a new nuclear power station.Babis said he was also proposing lawyer Vladimir Kremlik, who has worked for the government, as new transport minister to replace Dan Tok, who resigned. (Reporting by Jan Lopatka; Editing by Jason Hovet)RIDGEFIELD, Conn. — Authorities say it could cost over $50,000 to repair a Connecticut baseball diamond where somebody dumped gasoline and set it on fire to dry out the infield.Police are investigating the fire in Ridgefield in which 25 gallons of gasoline was poured on the field Saturday.First Selectman Rudy Marconi told Hearst Connecticut Media that 75 to 100 people watched as it happened, with some recording video on their cellphones. The town's high school baseball team had been planning to host Amity on the field.Workers from the state Department of Energy and Environmental Protection responded. A hazardous waste removal crew began digging up the contaminated soil Sunday, and Marconi says the spill team will move it off site this week.No one has been charged.BERLIN — A group that has helped organize weekly student protests in Germany against climate change is calling for the country's phase-out of coal-fired power plants to be sped up.The group Fridays For Future says the current tentative deadline of 2038 is too late and should be brought forward by eight years.At a news conference in Berlin, leaders of the group said Monday that Germany should also generate all of its energy from renewable sources and cut net greenhouse gas emissions to zero by 2035.The protests, inspired by Swedish teen activist Greta Thunberg, have grown rapidly in size in Germany and elsewhere since last year.Some politicians have criticized the fact that they've involved thousands — and sometimes tens of thousands — of students skipping school each Friday.PRUDHOE BAY, Alaska — New technology is being used to search for untapped oil in an Alaska bay that is already an established source of fossil fuel.The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner reported Saturday that oil and gas company BP is employing "3D seismic" technology to locate small pockets of previously undiscovered oil in Prudhoe Bay in northern Alaska.The newspaper reports the area has been an oil source for more than four decades, but in recent years its flow has slowed.Company officials say the technology involves metal platforms mounted to trucks, which send sonic energy into the ground that returns as three-dimensional data about the geology below, including hidden pockets of oil.The company says the 3D seismic survey from January through April will sweep over 450 square miles (about 1,166 square kilometers.)___Information from: Fairbanks (Alaska) Daily News-Miner, http://www.newsminer.comSAN FRANCISCO — The Department of Energy disclosed details on Monday of one of the most expensive computers being built: a $500 million machine based on Intel and Cray technology that may become crucial in a high-stakes technology race between the United States and China.The supercomputer, called Aurora, is a retooling of a development effort first announced in 2015 and is scheduled to be delivered to the Argonne National Laboratory near Chicago in 2021. Lab officials predict it will be the first American machine to reach a milestone called “exascale” performance, surpassing a quintillion calculations per second.That’s roughly seven times the speed rating of the most powerful system built to date, or 1,000 times faster than the first “petascale” systems that began arriving in 2008. Backers hope the new machines will let researchers create significantly more accurate simulations of phenomena such as drug responses, climate changes, the inner workings of combustion engines and solar panels.Supercomputers, which play a major role in tasks such as weapons design and code-breaking, have long been considered a proxy for national competitiveness in science and technology. The United States led the field for decades, but China has become an aggressive rival.An IBM system called Summit, built for the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee, took back the No. 1 position last year on a twice-yearly ranking of the world’s 500 most powerful systems — a spot held by China for five years. But China leads by another key measure: It accounted for 227 systems on the Top 500 list, compared with 109 for the United States.Aurora — which is also designed to exploit new advances in the field of artificial intelligence, including machine learning techniques pushed lately by the likes of Google and Facebook — may not crack the new speed barrier first. Jack Dongarra, a computer scientist at the University of Tennessee who monitors global developments, is tracking plans for three systems in China that are scheduled to be delivered in 2020 with exascale performance.In addition, Mr. Dongarra said, the Energy Department is expected to follow Aurora with exascale class systems at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory and Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, near San Francisco.Supercomputer speeds are not usually discussed much until machines run standard performance tests. But the stakes associated with the shift to exascale systems, and their enormous price tags, have attracted outsize attention. The energy secretary, Rick Perry, who took part in the event discussing Aurora on Monday, announced a plan last year to spend up to $1.8 billion on two to three exascale systems.Aurora, which far exceeds the $200 million price for Summit, represents a record government contract for Intel and a test of its continued leadership in supercomputers. The Silicon Valley giant’s popular processors — the calculating engine for nearly all personal computers and server systems — power most such machines. But additional accelerator chips are considered essential to reach the very highest speeds, and its rival Nvidia has built a sizable business adapting chips first used with video games for use in supercomputers.The version of Aurora announced in 2015 was based on an Intel accelerator chip that the company later discontinued. A revised plan to seek more ambitious performance targets was announced two years later.Features discussed on Monday include unreleased Intel accelerator chips, a version of its standard Xeon processor, new memory and communications technology and a design that packages chips on top of one another to save space and power.Cray, a longtime supercomputer maker, is providing a system design called Shasta, as well as technology to speed the flow of data inside Aurora, said Peter J. Ungaro, the company’s chief executive. Intel and Cray are also supplying new software to make advanced supercomputers easier to program.“We want to make exascale computing available to everyone,” said Raja M. Koduri, senior vice president of Intel’s core and visual computing group.Rick L. Stevens, an associate laboratory director at Argonne, acknowledged that Aurora represented a gamble on a collection of new technologies.“We have to take risks in order to advance the state of the art,” he said. “If you don’t do that, you won’t be on the leading edge of technology.”CEMAES, Wales — Not far from this harbor village of brightly painted houses on Anglesey Island, a huge construction project is underway. Gates and wire fences are up. Archaeologists are sifting through dirt to document stony dwellings dating from 100 B.C. A technical school is welcoming apprentices eager to learn how to maneuver in high-tech control rooms and operate water-cooling systems.The activity is all tied to a plan by Horizon Nuclear Power to turn this rugged outpost into the home of a plant that could be critical not just to the company, but to the Welsh economy and Britain’s energy future.Horizon, a subsidiary of the Japanese conglomerate Hitachi, is in private talks with the British government over how and when it might build a nuclear plant here at the northern tip of Wales. If the parties reach a deal on how the project’s estimated 15 billion pound ($18.95 billion) cost will be paid, this stronghold of Welsh culture will change in ways that residents are just starting to consider.Some people worry about nonstop truck traffic, the blasting of rock and soil, and the waves of outsiders the plant would bring to live and work in the area.Others in northern Wales herald the economic benefit the potentially enormous investment could have. They see the Horizon plant, which is expected to produce enough electricity for 5.5 million homes, as a vehicle for rebirth.The British government, eager for reliable, low-carbon energy to replace aging coal plants and nuclear reactors, has been encouraging. Greg Clark, the business and energy minister, told Parliament in June that the new Wales plant, Wylfa Newydd, was “next” in Britain’s nuclear “pipeline” and that the government would consider making a “direct investment” in it with Japanese government agencies.But Horizon and Hitachi executives are frustrated with the pace of the talks. In an interview, Duncan Hawthorne, Horizon’s chief executive, said Hitachi had spent “billions” of pounds on the project, including the cost of acquiring it from two German utilities in 2012.“It is a very long and expensive road here,” he said, adding that “the next several months will be critical.”Hitachi, without providing exact figures, wants government financing from Britain and Japan to help attract outside investors like pension funds that seek long-term income streams. Investments by the governments would also help lower Horizon’s risk rating.The Wylfa Newydd plant, with two giant reactors, would be just the second nuclear plant to be built in the United Kingdom since the 1990s. Once a world leader, Britain’s nuclear industry atrophied after serious accidents in Ukraine and the United States spurred broad resistance to nuclear power.Britain has legally committed to cutting carbon emissions. As a result, the government is reassessing its energy options amid a decline in natural gas from the North Sea oil fields and a decision to phase out the use of coal.Proponents of wind and solar energy say Britain should be putting its money there, but those sources have not been able to match the steady supply of power nuclear energy produces. So nuclear plants are back in vogue. One is being built at Hinkley Point in southwest England, and at least four more are planned.“It’s hard to conceive that nuclear does not have an important role to play,” said Steve Holliday, a former chief executive of National Grid, the British power system operator.Britain’s renewed interest in nuclear power stands out among Western countries, where such plants have become forbiddingly costly and complex. The challenges were evident in October when Toshiba scrapped plans to build a plant in northern England.Delays and cost overruns at plants being built at Olkiluoto, Finland, and Flamanville, France, have hurt the industry’s reputation elsewhere in Europe. Germany, the region’s top manufacturing power, is phasing out nuclear power. An abundance of cheap shale gas has undercut interest in the United States, although two new plants are in the works.Hitachi is intent on the plant in Wales, Mr. Hawthorne said, because it would provide a key European foothold after the 2011 Fukushima accident dampened interest in Japan. Horizon executives have described the area as an ideal location, with water from the sea to be used in the cooling system and the rocky terrain able to bear the massive concrete structure that nuclear power demands.For Anglesey Island, with a population of about 70,000, the project would provide a huge lift and create around 850 permanent jobs. Many local residents favor it because a smaller nuclear facility on a nearby seaside bluff was a dependable employer for nearly 50 years before closing in 2015.Gareth Winston Roberts, a local councilor who worked at the plant — known as Wylfa, after the bluff — before retiring in the 1990s, called it “a godsend.”“It kept people here,” he said. “It produced a lot of engineers.”Gwen Parry-Jones worked there beginning in 1989. Since April, she has been Horizon’s executive director and is steering the negotiations with the government. For the previous decade, she was an executive at EDF Energy, a French-owned utility that has taken over much of Britain’s nuclear system.“I benefited from having a nuclear power station effectively on my doorstep as a young scientist,” she said. “I strongly feel that we are benefiting from the fact that there is an existing nuclear power station here.”The need for jobs is obvious. The Wylfa plant still employs some technicians to remove fuel rods, but a local chemical plant closed in 2004 and an aluminum smelter closed in 2009. Britain’s plan to leave the European Union this year could hurt another key employer, the port at Holyhead, a hub for trade with Ireland, an E.U. member.“We find ourselves in a position where we need that one big project,” said Edward T. Jones, a local cattle farmer who also lectures on economics at Bangor Business School in North Wales.Some local leaders also see the plant as a vehicle for preserving the island’s character.“We still have got the Welsh language, and it’s quite a strong part of our community,” said Llinos Medi, the leader of the island’s governing council. “With work we can keep our young people and our culture and our Welsh language.”But some residents believe the plant could damage the island’s rural charm and hurt tourism. A walk along the pebble beach at Cemlyn Bay, a wildlife sanctuary next to the construction site, suggests why.The old Wylfa plant sits at the beach’s eastern end. Because the new one will be far larger, much of the surrounding landscape must be reshaped to accommodate it. The North Wales Wildlife Trust has been asking that fragile wildlife populations — thousands of terns nest here every summer — be taken into consideration.“It is going to completely spoil the area,” said Simon Walker, a retired businessman who was on the shore with his wife, Susan, watching his four dogs splash in the water.Last month, in a nod to environmental concerns, the Welsh government said it would review the site preparations. Horizon said it disagreed with the move, which could result in delays.Whether the plant proceeds will probably come down to how it will be paid for.A key yardstick is the Hinkley Point facility in southwest England. The government is financing that plant’s £20 billion cost through a so-called contract for difference, an arrangement that guarantees developers of big energy projects a long-term base rate for the power they produce. If the price of electricity falls below that rate, customers pay higher bills to make up the difference.At Hinkley Point, the British government guaranteed the owners an inflation-indexed price of £92.50 per megawatt-hour for 35 years. That is about 50 percent higher than current energy rates. Not surprisingly, the government has been criticized for potentially saddling consumers with expensive electricity for decades.With Horizon, the British government is pushing for a rate up to 30 percent lower than what it agreed to for Hinkley Point. Mr. Hawthorne of Horizon said he anticipated the Wales plant could provide power at “a significant price reduction” compared with Hinkley Point.The question is whether a British government consumed with the process of leaving the European Union is prepared to move quickly on the Anglesey Island project — and how pivotal it believes the plant is to its climate change promises.LOS ANGELES — Pacific Gas and Electric’s bankruptcy filing on Tuesday, to deal with billions of dollars in wildfire liability, set off a scramble by the company, investors and elected leaders in California to protect themselves and influence what happens next.The corporate reorganization is shaping up to be one of the most complicated and difficult in recent years. In addition to traditional legal tussles between the company and its creditors and suppliers, the bankruptcy court will contend with demands by California officials and victims to force PG&E to pay damage claims estimated at tens of billions of dollars for wildfires started by its equipment. State leaders and residents are also likely to seek to thwart any effort by the utility to raise electricity rates.Coming up with a bankruptcy plan for PG&E, which is California’s largest utility and serves 16 million people, will amount to solving an intricate puzzle. Proposals to raise rates to pay creditors will inflame residents and lawmakers. And seeking to reduce what the utility pays for solar power could hurt renewable-energy companies and jeopardize California’s climate-change goals.“This is a real mess,” said Dan Reicher, an assistant energy secretary in the Clinton administration. “It comes down to lots of needs: Take care of the fire victims, keep the lights on, ensure progress on climate change and protect ratepayers. That’s at least a partial list.”Even before the company made its filing in United States Bankruptcy Court in San Francisco, various groups were sniping at one another. Shareholders accused the company of rushing into bankruptcy. And consumer groups said the State Legislature was bailing out utilities by letting PG&E and other companies raise electricity rates, already among the highest in the country, to pay for some wildfire liabilities.PG&E said this month that bankruptcy was its “only viable option.” In its filing, the company said it had $51.7 billion in debt and $71.4 billion in assets as of Sept. 30. Its liabilities will most likely be revised up significantly as state investigators establish the cause of deadly wildfires in the last two months of 2018.This is the utility’s second bankruptcy in less than 20 years. It sought bankruptcy protection in 2001 after a botched state deregulation of the electricity industry.Investors and state officials tried to persuade the company’s board to change its bankruptcy plans in recent days by offering alternatives. Some of them hoped a state finding last week that PG&E did not cause the Tubbs Fire, which tore through Sonoma County in 2017 and was the second-worst fire in California history, had reduced the utility’s liabilities enough to make bankruptcy unnecessary.But PG&E still faces liability claims for 17 of 21 major wildfires in 2017. And its equipment is under investigation in several 2018 wildfires, including the Camp Fire, which killed at least 86 people and destroyed thousands of properties.By the start of this week, many investors and state officials appeared resigned to the company’s filing. The California Public Utilities Commission held an emergency meeting Monday to approve PG&E’s plan to borrow $5.5 billion to finance itself over the next two years while it is in bankruptcy.California’s lawmakers thought they had taken care of PG&E’s wildfire liabilities last year when they passed legislation that allows the utility to raise rates to pay damage claims from the 2017 wildfires. After the November fires, lawmakers were considering expanding that legislation to cover 2018.But they abandoned that proposal two weeks ago when the utility announced that it would seek bankruptcy protection.Assemblyman Chris Holden, chairman of the Utilities and Energy Committee, said Tuesday that he was drafting a bill to direct the California Public Utilities Commission to press PG&E to fully compensate wildfire victims. The legislation would also direct the commission to resist efforts by the utility to raise electricity rates. Mr. Holden, a Democrat from Pasadena, said he hoped it would pass before the company submitted its restructuring plan in court.Assemblyman Marc Levine, a Democrat from Northern California, said the Legislature ought to revise or revoke parts of the 2018 law, a step that could increase losses for PG&E’s creditors and suppliers.“In the longer run, the Legislature and the administration have an obligation to ensure that the company’s ratepayers and fire victims are prioritized over shareholders,” Mr. Levine said.Lawmakers who have long been critical of PG&E, including State Senator Jerry Hill, a Democrat from San Francisco, are pushing for even farther-reaching changes. Some of them want PG&E’s gas and electric divisions separated or would like to break up the utility into smaller businesses with a smaller geographic footprint.“PG&E’s bankruptcy filing is just another example of them looking out for their own interests,” Mr. Hill said.The utilities commission is also considering proposals that would break up PG&E or turn it into a government-run operation.But those ideas would face stiff opposition, not least from International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local 1245, a union that represents 12,000 PG&E employees.“Parceling out the utility into smaller, weaker segments would unquestionably have a negative impact on the safety and stability of both gas and electric service, it would increase costs, and it would decelerate progress toward California’s ambitious clean energy goals,” Tom Dalzell, the union’s business manager, said in a statement.The company said it was committed to improving its safety record.“To be clear, we have heard the calls for change, and we are determined to take action throughout this process to build the energy system our customers want and deserve,” John R. Simon, interim chief executive of PG&E Corporation, said in a statement. He declined an interview request on Tuesday.Balancing the interests of residents, wildfire victims, labor unions and the company rests largely on the shoulders of Gov. Gavin Newsom, a Democrat who has been in office for less than a month.Mr. Newsom has, so far, offered few concrete proposals or ideas for how to reform PG&E and reduce the risk of wildfires.“My administration will continue working to ensure that Californians have access to safe, reliable and affordable service; that victims and employees are treated fairly; and that California continues to make forward progress on our climate change goals,” Mr. Newsom said in a statement on Tuesday.The new governor is under growing pressure from residents and investors to act.At a hearing before the utilities commission on Monday, residents held signs that read “No PG&E Bailout” and shouted, “Stop this now!”BlueMountain Capital Management, one of PG&E’s major investors, said the bankruptcy filing was “reckless and irresponsible” and called for replacing the company’s board of directors.“Today’s filing is the latest example of how the board continues to fail the company, wildfire victims, customers, employees, creditors, shareholders and the people of California,” the firm said in the statement. “We urge all stakeholders to support change at PG&E and will be proposing a new slate of highly qualified and impartial directors.”Mr. Reicher, the former energy official, said local, state and federal government officials needed to work together to come up with plans to address the problems at PG&E and to prevent wildfires this year.“This is a real unfortunate civics lesson in a situation like this,” said Mr. Reicher, a research fellow at the Steyer-Taylor Center for Energy Policy and Finance at Stanford. “There’s just so much at stake.”Welcome to the Smarter Living newsletter! Every Monday, we email readers with tips and advice for living a better, more fulfilling life. Sign up here to get it in your inbox.Caring for the planet is one of those things that can seem out of our reach.The problems are too big and complex to wrap our heads around. There aren’t any practical steps we can take in our everyday lives. And there’s nothing we can really do to help anyway. Right?Nope.Every week, The New York Times’s Climate and Environment team publishes a newsletter called Climate Fwd:, which gives you stories and insights about climate change, along with tips on what you can do. In that spirit, we’re partnering with them this week to pull advice from a recurring featuring in their newsletter: One thing you can do. Below are eight things that you — yes, you, the person reading this — can do to care for the planet. (And, of course, click here to subscribe to the Climate Fwd: newsletter.)Hang on to your smartphoneThe little computer you carry with you requires a lot of energy to assemble. The production of an iPhone 6, for example, released the equivalent of 178 pounds of carbon dioxide, or about as much as burning nine gallons of gas, according to a 2015 study. Instead of buying a new phone, try to keep yours in working condition for as long as possible (here’s some advice on how to extend its life). But if you must get rid of yours, recycle it or consider buying a used one.Leave leaves Leaves provide shelter for worms, moths and some butterflies, which then become prey for neighborhood birds. They also help nourish and fertilize soil, and you won’t burn fossil fuels by using a lawn mower or leaf blower. Use a dishwasher, not the sinkDishwashers have improved over the years: Average models certified by the government’s Energy Star program use 3.5 gallons or less per cycle. Compare that with an efficient kitchen faucet, which pours 1.5 gallons of water per minute, meaning that handwashing for four minutes nearly doubles the water use of a dishwasher. If you don’t have the luxury of owning a dishwasher, try to do the two-bucket method: “When washing dishes by hand, don’t let the water run. Fill one basin with wash water and the other with rinse water.”Buy fewer clothes Manufacturers use water and chemicals to dye and finish cotton clothes. Polyesters and nylons aren’t biodegradable. In this age of fast fashion, it’s best to wear your clothes for a long, long time. (Buying secondhand helps, too.)[Like what you’re reading? Sign up here for the Smarter Living newsletter to get stories like this (and much more!) delivered straight to your inbox every Monday morning.]Consider your online order, from click to carrierWhen you’re shopping online, try to buy in bulk to reduce multiple deliveries, which can help cut carbon emissions from delivery trucks. Research your items to avoid having to return them, and always recycle the boxes.Divest from fossil fuelDo your retirement funds or other investments include fossil-fuel companies? Divesting has become common in union, city and state pension funds. In a 2018 report published by Arabella Advisors, a philanthropy services firm, 61 pension funds have committed to divestment since 2016, bringing the total to 144. Consider adjusting your retirement fund, and ask if your 401(k) can be fossil-fuel free.Be mindful of your food waste A massive amount of energy goes into producing the food we eat, especially meat and dairy. For example, the production of a single hamburger uses the same amount of water as a 90-minute shower. And about 40 percent of food in the United States is thrown away. To limit food waste when you’re hosting a get-together, use this “Guest-imator” to calculate the amount of groceries you’ll need. Also check out the “Waste-Free Kitchen Handbook” for more help on reducing food waste.Tune your heating systemMost American homes are heated by furnaces or boilers, according to the Energy Department, and poorly maintained systems can burn more oil or natural gas than is necessary. Hire a technician to inspect yours to make sure it’s running efficiently and to cut down on indoor particulate matter. And if you have a boiler system that uses radiators, consider installing an outdoor reset control, which modulates the radiator’s water temperature based on the temperature outside. All of this can even result in direct savings for you: These small actions can knock down a heating bill by up to 10 percent. Best of Smarter Living Watch Out. Tax Season Is Even More Stressful Than Usual. With millions of people filing tax returns under a new tax law and after a long government shutdown, this is a challenging year. We offer survival tips and extensive coverage.How Many Push-Ups Can You Do? It May Be a Good Predictor of Heart Health. Men who could get through 40 or more push-ups had 96 percent less risk of heart problems in the next 10 years than those who quit at 10 or fewer.9 Ways to Cut Down on Plastic. It’s all about reducing single-use plastics.There Are No Towels? The Renter’s Lament. One of the most frustrating aspects of renting a vacation home online — perhaps second only to a rental not resembling its photos or description — is what is missing.The Good-Enough Life. The desire for greatness can be an obstacle to our own potential.6 Things to Bring to an All-Inclusive Resort. Along with your usual beach vacation gear, you’ll want to pack some unexpected extras when you’re heading to an all-inclusive resort.Tip of the WeekThis week I’ve invited friend of S.L. Kara Cutruzzula, who writes my favorite daily newsletter, Brass Ring Daily, to tell us when throwing money at a problem is the right move.Call the neurologists, I’ve figured out the impossible: I’m buying back brain space.This year, my goal is to streamline my life and habits. The first step is eliminating minor tasks and actions that suck up time, energy and gray matter. My solution? Throwing money — small amounts, mind you — at problems.And no, this isn’t just a cop-out to doing work: A 2017 study found that “spending money to save time may reduce stress about the limited time in the day, thereby improving happiness.”Here’s my strategy.Buy common items in bulkI’m done pretending that certain items I use every day will never run out (as all logic and experience would suggest). After realizing “go to Target” was playing on a loop in my mind, I resolved to spend less time and mental energy running errands for basic essentials. So I ordered embarrassingly large quantities online and got them delivered instead. Now I have enough toilet paper, paper towels, tampons, oatmeal and coffee to carry me through to 2020.Buy doublesWhat do you use — or carry around — every day? I was transporting a wireless mouse to work for months before realizing they cost $10 and that buying two would allow me to stop thinking about it altogether. Purchasing multiple phone chargers also comes with minimal cost but maximum benefit. You can stop borrowing your colleague’s and never worry about hovering at 12 percent again.Buy helpWhether you hire someone to clean your home or install your new 4K TV, the point is this: Paying someone to perform tasks that are always on your mind will get them done more quickly (and regularly) than if you try to do them yourself. Then you can focus on literally anything else. Your brain will thank you.The actor and singer Tituss Burgess has appeared in many Broadway productions over his 14-year career, but he may be most famous as the scene-stealing Titus Andromedon in the television show “Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.” The final episodes of the show, for which Mr. Burgess has received four Emmy nominations, began streaming last month on Netflix.Because he travels frequently for work, Mr. Burgess’s ideal vacation is a staycation. “I truly don’t like to go anywhere,” he says. “But sometimes I’ll seek out the newest hotel in New York, and my partner and I will have a staycation. You know, we just choose a new area, whether it’s downtown, South Street Seaport, the East Side, something like that. I suppose that counts as traveling because in New York getting anywhere takes a half an hour.”While he calls New York City his home, it’s only on these staycations that Mr. Burgess takes time to check out new restaurants and theater productions. “New York has everything to offer but when you live here and you’re dealing with the everyday -isms and eccentricities of the city, you may or may not have energy to take advantage of all the wonderful things that tourists take advantage of. Or you want to but are too exhausted by the time you’re done doing your day.”Mr. Burgess has a list of things that make a staycation perfect. “We’ll have the champagne already in the room before we check in so that we don’t have to do that when we get there,” he says. “We’ll probably run a bath, then our masseuse will be ready. It’s just quite literally less is more on our vacations: fancy bubbly, a massage, a Broadway show, food and lots of sleep.”When he flies for work, he packs light, with a focus on comfort to help assuage the stress of travel which, he says, brings out the worst in people. “I’m a very sensitive person so I absorb people’s energy very easily, and being in crowded spaces where the energy is so heightened and everything’s at fever pitch, it’s terribly overwhelming. So by the time I go to set to film, to then try and absorb another character’s energy, you can imagine I’m quite spent.”Here’s what he packs on every trip.Electric fan“This is a small desktop fan I got from Walgreens, would you believe. I’m always hot and even in the winter, we have the air-conditioner on. So when I go to hotels I have to request a fan be in the room, or else I can’t go to sleep. I have to have that white noise in the background, and that feeling of air blowing on my face. I will leave things that are perhaps more essential out of my carry-on just for the sake of bringing that fan.”Pond’s face cream“It’s my favorite facial cream. It accompanies my face mask, and it makes you look nice and moist and awake, after the puffiness has been held at bay because of that glorious cold eye mask.”Comfy clothes“I bring a pair of sweatpants that look classy enough to maybe go have a cocktail in, and are comfortable enough to sleep on the plane in. I’m a very light packer.”Noise-canceling headphones“Blocking out the world is very important to me. And I can brush up on Broadway show soundtracks I haven’t seen yet, so it puts me in a better frame of mind to withstand the perils and demands of airports. I don’t sing out loud, though; I know what’s my inside voice and what’s my outside voice. And I don’t want to draw attention to myself. But I certainly get in the spirit and I might accidentally do a jazz hand here and there.”Eye mask“I freeze it overnight and I live 10 minutes from LaGuardia, so it’s still cold. It’s so I’m not puffy when I get to set.”We have a new 52 Places traveler! Follow Sebastian Modak on Instagram, and discover more Travel coverage by following us on Twitter and Facebook. And if you sign up for our Travel Dispatch newsletter, each week you’ll receive tips on traveling smarter, stories on hot destinations and access to photos from all over the world.WASHINGTON — U.S. consumer prices increased by the most in more than a year in March, but underlying inflation remained benign against the backdrop of slowing domestic and global economic growth.The Labor Department said on Wednesday its Consumer Price Index rose 0.4 percent, boosted by increases in the costs of food, gasoline and rents. That was the biggest advance since January 2018 and followed a 0.2 percent gain in February.In the 12 months through March, the CPI increased 1.9 percent. The CPI gained 1.5 percent in February, which was the smallest rise since September 2016. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast the CPI climbing 0.3 percent in March and accelerating 1.8 percent year-on-year.Inflation has remained muted, with wage growth increasing moderately despite tightening labor market conditions. The tame inflation environment, together with slowing economic activity, support the Federal Reserve's decision last month to suspend its three-year campaign to raise interest rates.The U.S. central bank dropped projections for any rate hikes this year after increasing borrowing costs four times in 2018. Excluding the volatile food and energy components, the CPI nudged up 0.1 percent, matching February's gain. In the 12 months through March, the core CPI increased 2.0 percent, the smallest increase since February 2018. The core CPI rose 2.1 percent year-on-year in February. The Fed, which has a 2 percent inflation target, tracks a different measure, the core personal consumption expenditures (PCE) price index, for monetary policy.The core PCE price index increased 1.8 percent on a year-on-year basis in January after a rising 2.0 percent in December. It hit the Fed's 2 percent inflation target in March last year for the first time since April 2012.The February and March PCE price data will be released on April 29. The February data was delayed by a 35-day partial shutdown of the federal government that ended on Jan. 25.Energy prices jumped 3.5 percent in March, accounting for about 60 percent of the increase in the CPI last month, after gaining 0.4 percent in February. Gasoline prices surged 6.5 percent after rising 1.5 percent in February. Food prices gained 0.3 percent after accelerating 0.4 percent in February. Food consumed at home increased 0.4 percent. Consumers also paid more for rent. Owners' equivalent rent of primary residence, which is what a homeowner would pay to rent or receive from renting a home, increased 0.3 percent in March after a similar gain in February.Healthcare costs rebounded 0.3 percent after slipping 0.2 percent in February. Apparel prices fell 1.9 percent, the biggest drop since January 1949, after two straight monthly gains. There were decreases in the price of used motor vehicles and trucks, airline fares and motor vehicle insurance.The cost of new vehicles, however, rebounded 0.4 percent after declining 0.2 percent in February.  (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci)ST PETERSBURG/LONDON, Russia — Royal Dutch Shell has decided to exit a Baltic liquefied natural gas (LNG) project led by Russian state gas major Gazprom on the Russian Baltic coast.The development comes as Western firms struggle to expand in Russia because of pressure from sanctions imposed by the United States, while for Gazprom it could mean limited access to Shell's technology as well as the need to fund the project without the help of the Anglo-Dutch major.Shell, which has a long history of energy cooperation with Russia, said earlier it was studying the possible implications of a recent decision by Gazprom to move towards the full integration of its Baltic LNG and gas processing plants."Following Gazprom's announcement on March 29 regarding the final development concept of Baltic LNG, we have decided to stop our involvement in this project," Cederic Cremers, Shell Russia's chairman, said in a statement."We have a number of other ongoing projects with Gazprom, including as part of the Strategic Alliance established between the two companies in 2015, which are not impacted by this decision," Cremers added.Gazprom declined to comment.Shell remains a shareholder in the Gazprom-led Sakhalin-2 plant, which produces LNG on the Russian Pacific island of Sakhalin. Shell has been struggling to increase output of the frozen gas at the project for a number of reasons.Its decision to leave the Baltic LNG project leaves open a question about the availability of technology needed for this project as Shell will not be providing it.Shell had developed a technology specifically for the Sakhalin Energy LNG plant, and in February said it had created a 50/50 venture with Gazprom that would use Shell's LNG know-how to develop Russia's own technology for supercooling gas.KEY TECHNOLOGY The venture was expected to effectively insulate Russia from any new U.S. sanctions on LNG, a sector in which key technology belongs to a handful of players - mainly global majors such as Shell, Exxon and Total.Russia, one of the world's biggest oil producers, has been under Western sanctions since 2014 due to its role in the Ukraine crisis.While the production of seaborne LNG is not directly affected by the sanctions, the sales and marketing of it, as well as foreign participation, have become more complicated due to the restrictions.Shell previously suspended some shale oil and gas projects due to the introduction of sanctions on Moscow.On March 29, Gazprom said in a statement that together with its partner RusGazDobycha it had made a decision on the final configuration of the project for a large-scale complex that would process ethane-containing gas and produce LNG in the Leningrad region. That statement did not mention Shell. Shell said on Wednesday that its representations and those of Gazprom had not discussed the Baltic LNG project at their meetings in the Hague on Tuesday and Wednesday. These were their regular annual meetings to discuss progress on projects which are part of the strategic alliance, Shell added. (Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin and Shadia Nasralla; Writing by Tom Balmforth and Polina Devitt; Editing by Kirsten Donovan and David Holmes)SINGAPORE — Oil prices rose to their highest level since Nov. 2018 on Monday, driven up by OPEC's ongoing supply cuts, U.S. sanctions against Iran and Venezuela and strong U.S. jobs data.International benchmark Brent futures were at $70.72 per barrel at 0225 GMT on Monday, up 38 cents, or 0.5 percent from their last close.U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude were up 37 cents, or 0.6 percent, at $63.45 per barrel.Brent and WTI both hit their highest levels since November last year at $70.76 and $63.48 per barrel, respectively, early on Monday."Brent prices increased more than 30 percent year-to-date as OPEC+ continued to cut supply for 4 months in a row and optimism over U.S.-China trade talks helped to buoy the demand outlook," U.S. bank J.P.Morgan said in a note released over the weekend.The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-affiliated allies like Russia, known as OPEC+, have pledged to withhold around 1.2 million barrels per day (bpd) of supply this year to prop up prices.Energy consultancy FGE said OPEC-led supply cuts meant "excess inventories are disappearing and the market looks healthy," adding that "the market is poised for prices to rise to $75 per barrel or higher" for Brent.Traders said strong U.S. jobs data from Friday also helped lift Asian markets early on Monday.Oil prices have further been driven up by U.S. sanctions against OPEC-members Iran and Venezuela."Sanctions can cut 500,000 bpd of Venezuelan exports. Add that to a cut in Iran waivers and prices can rise substantially," FGE said.There remain, however, some factors that could bring prices down later this year.Russia is a reluctant participant in its agreement with OPEC to withhold output, and Russian oil production may increase again if a deal with the producer club is not extended once it expires before July 1, Energy Minister Alexander Novak said on Friday.Russian oil output reached a record high of 556 million tonnes, or 11.16 million barrels per day (bpd), last year.In the United States, crude oil production reached a record 12.2 million bpd in late March.U.S. crude exports have also risen, breaking through 3 million bpd for the first time earlier this year."With the new Permian pipelines (from July), we can see a boost of 500,000 to 600,000 bpd in U.S. exports," FGE said.There also still remain concerns about the health of the global economy, especially should China and the United States fail to resolve their trade dispute soon."Global (trade) demand has weakened, and existing tariffs on Chinese goods shipments to the U.S. are providing an additional drag," credit rating agency Moody's said on Monday, although it added that Chinese monetary stimulus measures would likely support growth over 2019.Graphic: U.S. record crude output & exports (https://tmsnrt.rs/2ULQi5F) (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; editing by Richard Pullin)MOSCOW/LONDON — One of the key Russian officials to foster a supply pact with OPEC, Kirill Dmitriev, signalled on Monday that Russia wanted to raise oil output when it meets with OPEC in June because of improving market conditions and falling stockpiles.Dmitriev, head of Russian sovereign wealth fund RDIF, was the first Russian official to predict a deal with OPEC in 2016 and since then has become a key defender of the pact despite pressure from domestic oil firms to drop the agreement.Dmitriev, an envoy for Moscow in the Middle East in general and Saudi Arabia in particular, had in recent months said it was still too early to terminate output cuts, echoing the position of OPEC's de facto leader, Saudi Arabia.But in an apparent change of position, Dmitriev said on Monday supply cuts may not be required after June."It is quite possible that given the improving market situation and falling stocks, (OPEC and its allies) could decide in June this year to abandon supply cuts and subsequently increase output," Dmitriev told a conference in Moscow."This decision will not mean the end of the deal, but a confirmation that participants continue their coordinating efforts when it is important not only to cut but to increase output depending on market conditions," he told the conference.Speaking to reporters on Monday evening, Dmitriev added that it could be appropriate for Russia to increase output by 228,000 barrels per day, by which it had previously cut production, "and maybe even further"."It is possible that as part of the June (meeting) a decision may be taken, subject to market conditions at that time, that it is necessary to remove these reductions," he said.Dmitriev and energy minister Alexander Novak have come under increased pressure over the past year from firms such as Rosneft, whose boss Igor Sechin, a close ally of President Vladimir Putin, has said Russia should abandon output cuts.Sechin is arguing that Russia is losing market share to the United States, which is not participating in production cuts and has hence been boosting output to record levels of some 12 million barrels per day.Russia and Saudi Arabia produce around 11 million and 10 million barrels respectively, but could raise output fairly quickly if needed.In January, Dmitriev said Russia should not unleash an oil price war against the United States but rather stick with output cuts even at the cost of losing market share in the medium term.Saudi Energy Khalid al-Falih has also said it was important to extend oil cuts until the end of the year.But on Monday he said the market was moving towards balance and added that the picture would become clearer in May.Global oil markets have tightened despite booming U.S. production after Washington imposed new sanctions on Iran and Venezuela, reducing their output and exports and effectively grabbing their market share.OPEC and its allies had to cancel their meeting in April and will now convene on June 25-26 as officials said they needed to see first what new sanctions Washington will impose on Iran in early May. (Reporting by Dmitry Zhdannikov and Olesya Astakhova; additional reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin and Polina Devitt; Editing by Dale Hudson, David Holmes and Jan Harvey)It may be unpleasant to contemplate the ultimate fate of all the material from your own body that you flush down the pipes. But it’s time we talk about biosolids — the disinfected leftovers from the water treatment process.This sandy material contains nutrient-rich organic content that’s good for agriculture. But it also makes nice bricks, according to Abbas Mohajerani, a civil engineer at Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology University in Australia. He’s talking about the kind we use for building.“Biosolids bricks look the same, smell the same and have similar physical and mechanical properties as normal fired clay bricks,” he said.And as long as it’s done locally, he thinks that recycling stockpiles of leftover biosolids into bricks could save land and energy, and reduce carbon emissions.[Like the Science Times page on Facebook. | Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]Worldwide, humans produce vast quantities of biosolids. In a single day, New York City alone makes 1200 tons, or about 50 truckloads. And the amount of biosolids is growing as populations expand around the planet.The old solution was to dump them into the sea or a landfill. But more treatment plants and stricter regulations are prompting people to find clever ways to recycle the dried sludge. About 50 to 70 percent of it is now used, mostly to boost soil quality or fertilize crops. But the rest remains unused or stockpiled. In the United States, it’s estimated that nearly a third of the 7 to 8 million tons of biosolids produced each year still end up in landfills. As organic particles in the waste decompose, greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide escape and can contribute to global warming.And then there are bricks.The world makes trillions of them each year. The soil it takes to make them is enough to fill 1,000 holes, each as big as a soccer field and nearly as deep as The Empire State Building is tall. And it takes a lot of energy, too.Other researchers have tried mixing bricks with biosolids and other waste products. Dr. Mohajerani had experimented already with cigarette butts. So turning waste into a building material didn’t seem so far-fetched.Over the course of half a decade, he and a team of researchers collected biosolids from two wastewater treatment plants in Melbourne and mixed them with soil to make hybrid bricks of varying proportions. They fired them for 10 hours, at nearly 2,000 degrees Fahrenheit, and cooled them, then compared them in tests to normal bricks.The team’s findings, published earlier this month in the journal Buildings, ranked the biosolid bricks similar in quality to those currently on the market. And the researchers proposed that incorporating just 15 percent biosolids into all the bricks made around the world each year would eliminate all of our leftovers.Depending on the amount of biosolids used, how they were treated and how long they sat around, the biosolid bricks were safe, durable and in some ways energy efficient.Because organic material burns up when placed in a furnace, biosolid bricks require as little as half the energy to fire as normal bricks do (depending on how much organic material is in the bricks). The burned organic material also leaves behind spaces in the biosolid bricks, making them lighter, more porous and filled with gas. And because gases are poor thermal conductors, heat passes through biosolid bricks more slowly. That makes them better insulators, which could result in savings on heating and cooling costs, Dr. Mohajerani said.But the trade-off is strength. Although biosolid bricks met industry requirements, they were typically not as sturdy as regular bricks.In a related analysis of the potential production process, the research team determined that making bricks with biosolids would be better for the environment overall, even though biosolid bricks require more water and could produce other forms of pollution.To limit the carbon footprint and ensure sustainability, brick production ideally would take place close to treatment plants and biosolids stockpiles, said Dr. Mohajerani. “Otherwise, I don’t think it is likely on a large scale in the near future.”Want more Australia coverage and discussion? Join us in our Facebook group, sign up for the weekly Australia Letter and start your day with the Australian Morning Briefing.LONDON — Britain's Competition Markets Authority said on Monday it had cleared German utility RWE's purchase of rival E.ON's renewables business and nuclear electricity generation assets.Under the deal, RWE will take a 16.7 percent minority stake in E.ON."The CMA has decided, on the information currently available to it, not to refer the following merger to a Phase 2 investigation under the provisions of the Enterprise Act 2002," the CMA said in a statement.When a merger is referred for a Phase 2 investigation, the CMA has to decide whether the merger could result in a substantial decrease in competition.The CMA said more details of its decision will be posted on its website in due course.In February, RWE won antitrust approval from the European Commission for the deal, after it found the transaction would not raise competition concerns.On the deal's completion, RWE will become Europe's third-largest renewable energy provider behind Spain's Iberdrola and Italy's Enel.  (Reporting by Nina Chestney; Editing by Kirsten Donovan)Want climate news in your inbox? Sign up here for Climate Fwd:, our email newsletter.WASHINGTON — In a major legal blow to President Trump’s push to expand offshore oil and gas development, a federal judge ruled that an executive order by Mr. Trump that lifted an Obama-era ban on oil and gas drilling in the Arctic Ocean and parts of the North Atlantic coast was unlawful.The decision, by Judge Sharon L. Gleason of the United States District Court for the District of Alaska, concluded late Friday that President Barack Obama’s 2015 and 2016 withdrawal from drilling of about 120 million acres of Arctic Ocean and about 3.8 million acres in the Atlantic “will remain in full force and effect unless and until revoked by Congress.” She wrote that an April 2017 executive order by Mr. Trump revoking the drilling ban “is unlawful, as it exceeded the president’s authority.”The decision, which is expected to be appealed in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, immediately reinstates the drilling ban on most of the Arctic Ocean off the coast of Alaska, a pristine region home to endangered species including polar bears and bowhead whales where oil companies have long sought to drill. Along the Atlantic coast, it blocks drilling around a series of coral canyons that run from Norfolk, Va., to the Canadian border which are home to unique deepwater corals and rare fish species. In addition, Friday’s ruling by the judge, an Obama appointee, has broader implications for Mr. Trump’s effort to push drilling across the American coastline and on public lands.Specifically, the Arctic Ocean drilling case could give legal ammunition to opponents of Mr. Trump’s efforts to roll back protections for two million acres of national monuments created by Mr. Obama and President Bill Clinton.The case adds to a growing roster of legal losses for Mr. Trump’s efforts to undo Mr. Obama’s environmental legacy. Experts in environmental law estimate that the Trump administration has now lost about 40 environmental cases in federal courts.Most immediately, the decision will force the Interior Department to withdraw the waters of the Arctic Ocean from its forthcoming plan detailing where the federal government intends to lease federal waters to oil companies for offshore drilling. A draft of that plan published last year called for drilling off the entire United States coastline.The White House referred questions on the matter to the Interior Department, where a spokeswoman declined to comment.And although Friday’s court decision relates specifically to a law on offshore drilling, it could also hamstring Mr. Trump’s efforts to erase or reduce the creation of large protected areas of public lands by previous presidents.“The statutes and the Supreme Court have been silent on the authority of a president to modify or reduce a predecessor’s protections of these public lands, waters and monuments,” said Patrick Parenteau, a professor of environmental law at Vermont Law School. “But these decisions are showing that if a president wants to reverse a predecessor’s environmental policy, they have to give a cogent reason why. Just saying ‘energy dominance’ is not enough. Saying ‘I won the election’ is not enough.”Professor Parenteau predicted that the case was likely to reach the Supreme Court, though probably not for several years.Both Mr. Obama’s efforts to use his executive authority to ban drilling in the Arctic Ocean, and Mr. Trump’s efforts to undo that ban, are legally unprecedented.In using his executive authority to permanently ban drilling in most of the Arctic Ocean, Mr. Obama relied on an obscure provision of a 1953 law, the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, which governs how the executive branch uses federal waters for offshore energy exploration.The law includes a provision that lets presidents put those waters off limits to oil and gas drilling. Presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower, Richard M. Nixon and Mr. Clinton used the law to protect sections of the Atlantic, Pacific and Arctic Oceans, but those protections came with time limits, usually one to two decades.In late 2016, as he sought to legally cement environmental protections before Mr. Trump, then the president-elect, took office, Mr. Obama used what both supporters and critics called a creative and unusual interpretation of that law to set a permanent ban on drilling in most of the Arctic Ocean. Three months after taking office, Mr. Trump issued an executive order rescinding the ban. That made him the first president to seek to revoke a decision by his predecessor to use the law to protect federal waters.Environmental groups promptly sued the administration over the move. They welcomed Friday’s court decision.“Since coming into office, Trump has been on an one-man campaign to undo the work of his predecessor,” said Niel Lawrence, a lawyer with the Natural Resources Defense Council, who took part in the oral arguments in the Alaska case. “What this opinion confirms is that there are constitutional limits to that.”Erik Milito, a spokesman for the American Petroleum Institute, which lobbies for the oil industry and which joined the Trump administration’s case, said, “While we disagree with the decision, our nation still has a significant opportunity before us in the development of the next offshore leasing plan to truly embrace our nation’s energy potential and ensure American consumers and businesses continue to benefit from U.S. energy leadership.”Experts said that Judge Gleason’s decision could affect the legal outcome of Mr. Trump’s efforts to roll back certain protections created by his predecessors on public lands.Just as presidents have used the 1953 offshore-drilling law to protect federal waters, they have used a different law, the 1906 Antiquities Act, put in place by President Theodore Roosevelt, to designate and protect millions of acres of lands as permanent public monuments. Presidents throughout the past century have created such monuments. While at least two presidents have used their authority to shrink the size of monuments created by their predecessors, Mr. Trump has done so at a more drastic scale. In December 2017, Mr. Trump cut about two million acres from two national monuments in Utah: the Bears Ears monument, created by Mr. Obama, and the Grand Staircase-Escalante monument, created by Mr. Clinton. At the time it was the largest rollback of federal land protection in the nation’s history.Already, lawsuits on the issue are making their way through federal courts. Professor Parenteau and others predicted that Judge Gleason’s decision could possibly have a bearing on those cases. That is because, in the language of both laws, Congress gave the president the right to occasionally designate public lands and waters for protection. However, each of the laws is silent on whether a successor can reduce or revoke those protections.If Mr. Trump’s challengers win in court, the decision could affirm future presidents’ right to set bans of offshore drilling that could be undone only by Congress (as opposed to a later president) and similarly could set a precedent that presidential decisions to expand protections of public land could be revised or reversed only by Congress.If Mr. Trump prevails in court, future presidents could potentially use an executive order to shrink any of the dozens of monuments created by their predecessors or similarly revoke presidential decisions to protect federal waters.For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.Want climate news in your inbox? Sign up here for Climate Fwd:, our email newsletter.WASHINGTON — Liberal Democrats put flesh on their “Green New Deal” slogan on Thursday with a sweeping resolution intended to redefine the national debate on climate change by calling for the United States to eliminate additional emissions of carbon by 2030.The measure, drafted by freshman Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York and Senator Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts, is intended to answer the demand, by the party’s restive base, for a grand strategy that combats climate change, creates jobs and offers an affirmative response to the challenge to core party values posed by President Trump.The resolution has more breadth than detail and is so ambitious that Republicans greeted it with derision. Its legislative prospects are bleak in the foreseeable future; Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California has no plan to bring the resolution in its current form to the floor for a vote, according to a Democratic leadership aide with direct knowledge of her plans.But as a blueprint for liberal ambition, it was breathtaking. It includes a 10-year commitment to convert “100 percent of the power demand in the United States” to “clean, renewable and zero-emission energy sources,” to upgrade “all existing buildings” to meet energy efficiency requirements, and to expand high-speed rail so broadly that most air travel would be rendered obsolete.The initiative, introduced as nonbinding resolutions in the House and Senate, is tethered to an infrastructure program that its authors say could create millions of new “green jobs,” while guaranteeing health care, “a family-sustaining wage, adequate family and medical leave, paid vacations and retirement security” to every American.[A “Green New Deal” may be far from reality, but it’s a different story at the state level.]“Climate change and our environmental challenges are the biggest existential threats to our way of life,” Ms. Ocasio-Cortez said on Thursday. “We must be as ambitious and innovative in our solutions as possible.”Mr. Markey added, “We will save all of creation by engaging in massive job creation.”The resolution, modeled on Franklin D. Roosevelt’s New Deal in the 1930s, will not move in its current form, but some ideas could advance as part of more modest legislation to address the climate crisis. Ms. Ocasio-Cortez, the chief architect of the deal, is not part of a new special select committee on climate change. She and Ms. Pelosi’s office said that she had been offered a seat on the committee but that she declined it, an assertion confirmed by an aide to Ms. Pelosi.“Frankly, I haven’t seen it,” the speaker told reporters when asked about the Green New Deal proposal during her weekly media availability at the Capitol on Thursday. “But I do know it is enthusiastic, and we welcome all the enthusiasm that is out there.”Ms. Pelosi is likely mindful of her own past mistakes. A decade ago she pushed the last major climate change measure hard, an ambitious bill to cap emissions of climate-warming pollution, then allow industries to trade emissions credits on a pollution credit market. Through force of will, she got the cap-and-trade measure through the House, only to see it die in the Senate without a vote. The next year, Democrats were swept from power, in part because of that vote and the Republicans’ framing of it as a stealth tax hike.In that Congress, she had a Democratic Senate and a Democratic president, Barack Obama. This time, she has Mr. Trump, a president who calls climate change a hoax, and a Senate in the control of Mitch McConnell, a Republican majority leader from the coal state of Kentucky.But on Thursday, she was also intent on letting her critics on the left know about her own past efforts, adding that she had made climate change the “flagship issue” of her first speakership.Proponents of the Green New Deal insisted that Democrats were unified. Both Mr. Markey and Ms. Ocasio-Cortez praised Ms. Pelosi as a “leader” on climate change, and Ms. Ocasio-Cortez said she was not offended by Ms. Pelosi’s description of the Green New Deal in an interview with Politico on Wednesday as the “green dream, or whatever they call it.”“I think it is a green dream,” Ms. Ocasio-Cortez said. “I will not allow our caucus to be divided by whatever narrative.” Republicans seized on the proposal with relish, portraying the entire resolution as absurd.“The socialist Democrats are off to a great start with the roll out of their ridiculous Green New Deal today!” said Bob Salera, a spokesman for the National Republican Congressional Committee, the political arm of House Republicans, who called the idea “zany.”The Republican National Committee derided it as “a socialist wish list.”But Democratic candidates for the presidency did not shy away from it once details emerged. Senator Kamala Harris, Democrat of California, quickly sent out a fund-raising appeal, declaring: “For too long, we have been governed by lawmakers who are beholden to Big Oil and Big Coal. They have refused to act on climate change. So it’s on us to speak the truth, rooted in science fact, not science fiction.”Senators Kirsten Gillibrand, Democrat of New York; Cory Booker, Democrat of New Jersey; and Bernie Sanders, independent of Vermont, also co-sponsored the measure, which has early support from about 60 House and Senate Democrats.For all of the resolution’s audacity, Ms. Ocasio-Cortez and Mr. Markey also steered clear of several thorny issues, and there were even signs of concessions to moderate Democrats and Republicans interested in working on clean energy issues.For example, the resolution does not specify a date for eliminating planet-warming emissions, instead calling for the elimination of fossil fuels from major economic sectors “as much as technologically feasible.” It also avoids denouncing specific types of clean energy alternatives, specifically nuclear power, which in the past has come under fire from climate change activists despite being a zero-carbon form of energy. An early version of the resolution called for phasing out nuclear energy within a decade.The resolution also sidesteps any discussion of carbon capture and storage technology, which Green New Deal supporters had previously criticized on the grounds that it would enable the continued use of fossil fuels.Mr. Markey said the resolution is purposefully “silent on individual technologies.”Instead the resolution calls for generating all electricity through renewable sources like wind and solar within 10 years, eliminating greenhouse emissions in manufacturing and forestry “as much as is technologically feasible,” and re-engineering cars and trucks to end climate pollution.The measure also includes social justice goals not usually attached to antipollution plans, like eradicating poverty by creating high-paid jobs.But the resolution goes far beyond that, touching on themes that are animating a rising left but rarely reach the halls of Congress. It aims to “promote justice and equity by stopping current, preventing future and repairing historic oppression of indigenous peoples, communities of color, migrant communities, deindustrialized communities, depopulated rural communities, the poor, low-income workers, women, the elderly, the unhoused, people with disabilities and youth.”Mr. Markey, who co-sponsored the failed cap-and-trade measure with former Representative Henry A. Waxman of California, said he thought the public was far more ready than in 2009 to support climate change legislation. A decade ago, he said, fossil-fuel backed interest groups poured money into convincing the public that climate change was not real.“The green generation has risen up, and they are saying we want this issue solved,” Mr. Markey said. “We now have the troops, we now have the money, and we’re ready to fight.”For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.WASHINGTON — Members of Congress from both parties expressed immense frustration on Wednesday at big increases in insulin prices and vowed to work together on legislation to prevent more people from dying because they could not afford the lifesaving medicine.Representative Earl L. Carter, Republican of Georgia, said at the end of a three-hour hearing with pharmaceutical executives and middlemen, known as pharmacy benefit managers, “You’ve done something here today that we’ve been trying to do in Congress for years, and that is to create bipartisanship.”“This is going to end,” Mr. Carter, known as Buddy, said of the convoluted arrangements that drive up list prices of insulin and the out-of-pocket costs for many people with diabetes.The hearing was one of several indications that Congress was serious about trying to address the cries of distress from constituents unable to afford the medicines they need.Mr. Carter’s comments echoed statements by Representative Jan Schakowsky, Democrat of Illinois, who said that “on both sides of the aisle, there is a commitment” to end price gouging by insulin manufacturers.Insulin manufacturers said that prices were going up, in part, because they had made many improvements in insulin products, leading to better treatment and longer lives for people with diabetes.But Representative David B. McKinley, Republican of West Virginia, said he was baffled.“Innovation is supposed to drive the prices down, not up,” Mr. McKinley said.Congress heard from the three main producers of insulin — Eli Lilly and Company, Novo Nordisk and Sanofi — and from three middlemen that manage drug benefits for most Americans: CVS Health; Express Scripts, which was acquired last year by Cigna; and OptumRx, which is part of UnitedHealth Group, the nation’s largest health insurance company.The drug makers said they could not reduce list prices because it was not feasible to do so in “the system” as it now exists. In that system, they said, the middlemen and insurance companies demand discounts, rebates and other price concessions that are calculated as a percentage of the list price. And they provide the concessions to guarantee that their drugs will be covered.But, they said, many consumers, including people with high-deductible health insurance plans and people who are uninsured, do not receive the benefit of those discounts.The drug makers said that the net price they received for insulin — after discounts and rebates — was declining, even as the list prices were rising.“For example,” said Kathleen W. Tregoning, an executive vice president of Sanofi, “the average net price of Lantus, our most prescribed insulin, has declined by over 30 percent since 2012, while the average out-of-pocket burden for patients with commercial insurance and Medicare has increased by approximately 60 percent over the same period.”Michael B. Mason, a senior vice president of Lilly, said the company could not reduce the list prices of its insulin products.“No pharmaceutical manufacturer has lowered list price for a significant medication because it is too disruptive to the system and thus to people who rely on that medication,” he said in his written testimony.Under questioning by members of Congress, Mr. Mason said: “The current system is not working. We agree 100 percent.”Representative Diana DeGette, Democrat of Colorado, who presided over the hearing as the chairwoman of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, said, “The people who are suffering are the people who need insulin every second of every minute of every day or they will die.”Ms. DeGette, who has a 25-year-old daughter with diabetes and is a leader of the Congressional Caucus on Diabetes, said she saw a high likelihood of bipartisan agreement on legislation to address the problem. Lawmakers will work with drug companies and pharmacy benefit managers, she said.Although she represents a liberal Denver district, Ms. DeGette has a history of working with Republicans on health legislation like the 21st Century Cures Act, adopted in 2016 to speed the discovery of cures for killer diseases.The chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Representative Frank Pallone Jr., Democrat of New Jersey, told the witnesses that he believed in a competitive market built on private enterprise, but that many of his constituents were losing faith in it.“My constituents are disgusted,” Mr. Pallone said, adding, “What they tell me is: ‘Just set the price. You the Congress or some government agency should set the price, and that’s it.’”The drug companies generally endorsed a proposal by President Trump to outlaw payment of rebates unless they are passed on to consumers. The pharmacy benefit managers said premiums would go up if they no longer received rebate payments.On Tuesday, the House Ways and Means Committee voted unanimously to approve a bill that requires drug manufacturers to publicly justify large price increases for existing drugs and high prices for new products. Drug companies would, for example, have to report what they spent on research and development of such drugs, as well as the costs of manufacturing, marketing and advertising them.Also on Tuesday, the Senate Finance Committee held a hearing to investigate the business practices of pharmacy benefit managers.“The current system is so opaque that it’s easy to see why there are many questions about P.B.M.s’ motives and practices,” said Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and the chairman of the committee, referring to the managers.Senator Sheldon Whitehouse, Democrat of Rhode Island, said that drug manufacturers had performed a remarkable act of “political jujitsu,” shifting the blame for high drug prices to the middlemen.But Senator Ron Wyden of Oregon, the senior Democrat on the Finance Committee, said the middlemen had “raked in profits while drug prices have shot into the stratosphere.”“Whether pharmacy benefit managers bring any real value to taxpayers is a mystery,” Mr. Wyden said.To the Editor:Re “High School Doesn’t Have to Be Boring” (Sunday Review, March 31):Jal Mehta and Sarah Fine illuminate a simple yet sad truth about most American high schools. When we merely ask our students to be passive recipients of test-driven content, we should expect boredom as the dominant result. On the other hand, when young people are active participants in lively classrooms, where relevant content is brought to life by meaningful problem solving, their minds and bodies are alive with curiosity and creative energy. Peter SchmidtPhillipsburg, N.J.The writer is a retired high school teacher and principal.To the Editor:I taught math in high school for many years, and, yes, it can be tedious.But when chess club met on Wednesday afternoons or when I arranged for the math team to go to a competition on a Saturday, the enthusiasm of students and teachers was evident.The best part of these activities is that students are with people like themselves, and they have a sense of belonging. Seeing that made me happy.Paula ScalesAnderson, S.C.BEIJING — A Chinese court has ordered a media company to pay nearly $30,000 to a real estate developer after it published an article that suggested a flashy building in Beijing violated the ancient laws of feng shui and would bring misfortune to its occupants.The Chaoyang District People’s Court in Beijing ruled on Wednesday that the media company, Zhuhai Shengun Internet Technology, had damaged the reputation of the building’s developers, SOHO China, one of the largest real estate companies in China.SOHO China sued Zhuhai Shengun last fall after it published a critical blog post about the Wangjing SOHO, a trio of sleek towers in northeast Beijing designed by the renowned architect Zaha Hadid.The post, written by a feng shui expert, argued that the building had a “heart-piercing” and “noxious” energy that had led to the downfall of its tenants, including several promising technology start-ups.The decision by the Beijing court reflected a broader effort by President Xi Jinping to more strictly control independent media and to stop the spread of misinformation and “superstitious” viewpoints online.Feng shui, which literally translates in Chinese as “wind water,” refers to an ancient pseudoscientific practice of harmonizing individuals with the invisible forces in their surroundings.The case highlighted the importance of feng shui in the real estate business in China. Many people pay a premium for homes and offices designed to be in harmony with nature, and reports of bad feng shui can haunt new developments.SOHO China has said that the article, which was widely circulated online before it was deleted, adversely affected its ability to attract customers. Wangjing SOHO generates more than $66 million in rent each year, according to court documents.“We cannot accept the use of feudal superstition to slander this building,” Pan Shiyi, the chairman of SOHO China, wrote on Thursday on Weibo, a popular social media site.Zhuhai Shengun, which has since closed its blog on WeChat, a messaging app, could not be reached for comment. The company said in court filings that the blog post was meant to spread information about traditional culture, not to harm SOHO China.The post, using animations and satellite images, offered a detailed critique of the Wangjing SOHO, a vast mixed-use development in a high-tech area of Beijing that was completed in 2014.The article said the Wangjing SOHO resembled “pig kidneys,” an insult in Chinese, and it argued that the building’s location was ill suited to collect good energy, a central principle of feng shui. The post said that companies should reconsider occupying the building if they wanted a shot at success.“Many internet companies are not doing well in these bleak conditions,” the article said, providing a list of previous tenants that had gone out of business.On the Chinese internet, many people criticized SOHO China for bringing the case against Zhuhai Shengun, a relatively small media company. Others debated whether feng shui should be given so much weight in real estate decisions.Li Bing, an attorney with the Shanghai Junzhi law firm, said that the case showed the need to closely monitor independent media in China.“When you speak, there should be limits,” he said. “You need to consider that what you say might have an impact on society and the public’s perception.”Mr. Li said the influence of feng shui in Chinese society should not be underestimated.“We need to consider the reality,” he said. “Beliefs like feng shui do exist. You can’t turn a blind eye to it.”Hitachi said on Thursday that it was suspending work on a 15 billion pound, or $19.3 billion, nuclear power project in North Wales after failing to agree on financial terms with the British and Japanese governments.“The decision was made from the viewpoint of Hitachi’s economic rationality as a private enterprise,” the company, based in Japan, said.Ben Russell, a spokesman for Hitachi’s British venture, Horizon Nuclear Power, said that discussions with the governments would continue but that its staff, currently around 300 people, would be cut to “a minimal handful.”Hitachi will also stop planning work on a second project, in Oldbury, England. The company said it planned to take a write-off of 300 billion yen, or $2.75 billion, on the projects.The decision by Hitachi is a blow to the British government, which is betting heavily on nuclear installations to help meet the country’s electric power needs in the coming decades.The big question is whether Hitachi’s move will be a death knell for Britain’s campaign to build nuclear plants, which so far has resulted in only one project under construction.While there are signs that the government is rethinking its energy policy, it was willing to go a long way toward trying to keep Hitachi on board.In a statement to Parliament on Thursday, Greg Clark, the secretary of state for business and energy, said the government had been willing to consider providing one-third of the equity financing for the project and to take on all of the construction debt. When Hitachi continued to balk, Mr. Clark said, “I was not prepared to ask the taxpayer to take on a larger share.”The Hitachi plant would have been a big boost for the struggling local economy in North Wales, providing up to 850 permanent jobs.Anglesey Island, where the plant, called Wylfa Newydd, was to be built, will most likely feel the harshest impact. Llinos Medi, leader of the Anglesey Council, the local government authority on the island, said in a statement that she was concerned about the suspension’s “immediate impact on local men and women whose employment is at risk as a consequence of this suspension.”For Hitachi, though, the announcement could mark the end of a long and expensive saga. The company acquired the Horizon sites from two German utilities in 2012 for £697 million, or about $900 million, and wound up spending around £2 billion in total on design approvals, staff and other matters. It has been hiring apprentices, who have been training at a technical college on the island and going to Spain and Japan for work experience. At times in recent months more than 100 archaeologists were on the site, excavating and recording ancient structures that the construction would have destroyed.Hitachi hoped Britain would prove to be an international showcase for its reactor designs. Ultimately, the company lost patience with the high level of spending required to land such a project there.Hitachi had sought to arrive at a financial arrangement that would attract long-term investors like pension funds to the project and reduce its own exposure. But the offers of support from both the British and the Japanese sides were not enough.In an interview on Thursday, Duncan Hawthorne, Horizon’s chief executive, said the Wales site was very attractive and had a supportive community, but that alone, he added, is not enough to attract outside investment.Investors, Mr. Hawthorne said, were put off by the eight- to 10-year wait for a return, as well as the risks of cost overruns and other issues. With the project gaining momentum and spending rising, “it became too much for Hitachi to keep going,” he said.Mr. Hawthorne said Hitachi would prefer to return to Britain as a supplier rather than a developer taking on large upfront risks.In his statement, Mr. Clark said it was clear that the government needed to consider a new approach to financing large nuclear projects. He also said the government was considering supporting small nuclear reactors, including a consortium led by Rolls-Royce, the British jet engine maker.Hitachi’s stepping back from Britain leaves France’s state-controlled EDF Group and its Chinese partner, CGN, as the only companies pursuing nuclear power projects in the country. EDF, through a British subsidiary, owns Britain’s operating nuclear power plants; with CGN, it is building Britain’s first nuclear plant since the 1990s in southwest England at a cost of £20 billion. CGN wants to build a plant in eastern England.China now has by far the world’s largest nuclear building program, but it is largely domestic. CGN would like to use Britain as a steppingstone to an international nuclear business, though there is skepticism in Britain about relying on companies tied to Beijing for a strategically important service like electric power.The dwindling number of companies willing to make the huge investments required to develop nuclear plants also reflects the falling costs of renewable energy sources, like solar and offshore wind.“The economics of the energy market have changed significantly in recent years,” Mr. Clark said, with the cost of renewables trending downward and those for nuclear plants rising.Antony Froggatt, a nuclear analyst at Chatham House, a research organization, noted that nuclear energy was costly and controversial, and that having a foreign company like Hitachi build a plant in Britain was unlikely to contribute to building a British industry.“For all those reasons,” he said, “nuclear falls away.”Hitachi said on Thursday that it was suspending work on a 15 billion pound, or $19.3 billion, nuclear power project in North Wales after failing to agree on financial terms with the British and Japanese governments.“The decision was made from the viewpoint of Hitachi’s economic rationality as a private enterprise,” the company, based in Japan, said.Ben Russell, a spokesman for Hitachi’s British venture, Horizon Nuclear Power, said that discussions with the governments would continue but that its staff, currently around 300 people, would be cut to “a minimal handful.”Hitachi will also stop planning work on a second project, in Oldbury, England. The company said it planned to take a write-off of 300 billion yen, or $2.75 billion, on the projects.The decision by Hitachi is a blow to the British government, which is betting heavily on nuclear installations to help meet the country’s electric power needs in the coming decades.The big question is whether Hitachi’s move will be a death knell for Britain’s campaign to build nuclear plants, which so far has resulted in only one project under construction.While there are signs that the government is rethinking its energy policy, it was willing to go a long way toward trying to keep Hitachi on board.In a statement to Parliament on Thursday, Greg Clark, the secretary of state for business and energy, said the government had been willing to consider providing one-third of the equity financing for the project and to take on all of the construction debt. When Hitachi continued to balk, Mr. Clark said, “I was not prepared to ask the taxpayer to take on a larger share.”The Hitachi plant would have been a big boost for the struggling local economy in North Wales, providing up to 850 permanent jobs.Anglesey Island, where the plant, called Wylfa Newydd, was to be built, will most likely feel the harshest impact. Llinos Medi, leader of the Anglesey Council, the local government authority on the island, said in a statement that she was concerned about the suspension’s “immediate impact on local men and women whose employment is at risk as a consequence of this suspension.”For Hitachi, though, the announcement could mark the end of a long and expensive saga. The company acquired the Horizon sites from two German utilities in 2012 for £697 million, or about $900 million, and wound up spending around £2 billion in total on design approvals, staff and other matters. It has been hiring apprentices, who have been training at a technical college on the island and going to Spain and Japan for work experience. At times in recent months more than 100 archaeologists were on the site, excavating and recording ancient structures that the construction would have destroyed.Hitachi hoped Britain would prove to be an international showcase for its reactor designs. Ultimately, the company lost patience with the high level of spending required to land such a project there.Hitachi had sought to arrive at a financial arrangement that would attract long-term investors like pension funds to the project and reduce its own exposure. But the offers of support from both the British and the Japanese sides were not enough.In an interview on Thursday, Duncan Hawthorne, Horizon’s chief executive, said the Wales site was very attractive and had a supportive community, but that alone, he added, is not enough to attract outside investment.Investors, Mr. Hawthorne said, were put off by the eight- to 10-year wait for a return, as well as the risks of cost overruns and other issues. With the project gaining momentum and spending rising, “it became too much for Hitachi to keep going,” he said.Mr. Hawthorne said Hitachi would prefer to return to Britain as a supplier rather than a developer taking on large upfront risks.In his statement, Mr. Clark said it was clear that the government needed to consider a new approach to financing large nuclear projects. He also said the government was considering supporting small nuclear reactors, including a consortium led by Rolls-Royce, the British jet engine maker.Hitachi’s stepping back from Britain leaves France’s state-controlled EDF Group and its Chinese partner, CGN, as the only companies pursuing nuclear power projects in the country. EDF, through a British subsidiary, owns Britain’s operating nuclear power plants; with CGN, it is building Britain’s first nuclear plant since the 1990s in southwest England at a cost of £20 billion. CGN wants to build a plant in eastern England.China now has by far the world’s largest nuclear building program, but it is largely domestic. CGN would like to use Britain as a steppingstone to an international nuclear business, though there is skepticism in Britain about relying on companies tied to Beijing for a strategically important service like electric power.The dwindling number of companies willing to make the huge investments required to develop nuclear plants also reflects the falling costs of renewable energy sources, like solar and offshore wind.“The economics of the energy market have changed significantly in recent years,” Mr. Clark said, with the cost of renewables trending downward and those for nuclear plants rising.Antony Froggatt, a nuclear analyst at Chatham House, a research organization, noted that nuclear energy was costly and controversial, and that having a foreign company like Hitachi build a plant in Britain was unlikely to contribute to building a British industry.“For all those reasons,” he said, “nuclear falls away.”SANTA FE, N.M. — A renewed effort was launched Tuesday to halt federal leases for oil and natural gas development near a national park in New Mexico held sacred by Native Americans.Four members of New Mexico's all-Democratic congressional delegation introduced legislation to prohibit the expansion of mineral development on federal inholdings within a roughly 10-mile (16-kilometer) radius surrounding Chaco Culture National Historical Park.According to the delegation, federal mineral rights span about 500 square miles (1,300 square kilometers) within the proposed buffer zone — a checkboard of federal, state, tribal and private land.The park's ancient, astronomically aligned dwellings and roadways are an international attraction, and many Native American communities trace their ancestry and traditions to the area."This special place should not be under constant threat of destruction," Sen. Tom Udall said.Navajo Nation President Jonathan Nez and local tribal pueblo leaders joined lawmakers on a conference call to endorse the bill. Proposed restrictions on energy development would not apply to Native American or private holdings. Similar federal legislation was introduced in 2018.The bill's future remains uncertain in the GOP-controlled Senate. Sens. Udall and Martin Heinrich were asked whether they had spoken with Interior Secretary David Bernhardt, whose agency oversees the Bureau of Land Management and mineral exploration in the region."I believe the administration knows very well my position in terms of leasing within the 10-mile buffer, and I hope that they'll honor that," Udall said. Heinrich did not comment.A moratorium on new leases of state trust holdings in the Chaco area is being prepared by State Land Commissioner Stephanie Garcia Richard, who announced she will sign the measure April 23.Supporters of the federal legislation say they want to protect the sense of remoteness that comes with making the journey to Chaco. They are also concerned about the preservation of ancient stone structures and other features outside the national park's boundaries.Newly elected U.S. Rep. Debra Haaland, a tribal member of Laguna Pueblo, embraced the proposed drilling restrictions."Chaco Canyon was my ancestral homeland and remains a living landscape," she said on a group call with reporters. "It's a place where New Mexico families make memories, and families from all over the world make memories."Federal land managers repeatedly have deferred any interest by the oil and gas industry in parcels that fall within the buffer. Still, tribes and others are concerned that energy companies keep nominating parcels for possible inclusion in quarterly lease sales held by the Bureau of Land Management. They say a permanent buffer would prevent that.Michael Chavarria, vice chairman of a coalition of 20 pueblo governors, said concerns about preserving scattered Chaco cultural sites extend beyond the 10-mile buffer outlined in the proposed legislation.The bill also emphasizes the federal government's obligation to consult with tribes.The industry has said existing federal laws and policies require extensive environmental and cultural reviews before drilling can happen."If artifacts are found, oil and gas development doesn't happen there. It's that clear cut," said Robert McEntyre with the New Mexico Oil and Gas Association. "I think we lose sight of the fact that we have these processes built in, there's a boundary around artifacts that have been designated as culturally significant and we respect those boundaries."___Associated Press writer Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque contributed to this story.The president proposes and Congress disposes.So goes the standard description of the constitutional process by which our republic is governed. Judging from the news headlines, you might think this process has not been friendly lately to the scientific community. Again and again, the Trump administration has proposed drastic cuts to the research budgets of the Department of Energy, the National Science Foundation, NASA and other agencies.Quietly, however, Congress often has gone the other way and handed out increases. In February, the Congress passed, and President Trump finally signed, a spending bill for 2019, averting another government shutdown. Lost amid the collective sigh of relief and the hoopla about President Trump’s wall was the news that astronomers had won a key victory: A pair of cosmically ambitious telescopes were rescued from possible oblivion.One of them, the James Webb Space Telescope, NASA’s long-promised successor to the Hubble Space Telescope, was designed to peer deeper into space and time than any optical eyes before it, to study the earliest stars and galaxies of the cosmos. But as of last year, it was deep in the red.In the 1990s, the Webb telescope was expected to cost about $800 million. But the price kept growing, threatening to suck money from NASA’s other science programs. In 2011, Congress put a hard cap of $8 billion on its cost. Then an accident in 2018 at Northrop Grumman, the telescope’s main contractor, added another billion to the projected cost, putting the telescope or other NASA missions in danger of being trimmed or canceled.The other telescope, the Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope, or Wfirst, was designed to search for exoplanets, investigate the mysterious “dark energy” apparently speeding up the expansion of the cosmos and, perhaps, elucidate the fate of the universe. But Wfirst has always lived in the Webb telescope’s political and budgetary shadow.Each time Webb was delayed or over budget, the dark-energy mission was pushed further into the uncertain future. Many astronomers feared that the Webb’s most recent cost overrun would come at the expense of Wfirst. Indeed, last year in its 2019 budget proposal, the Trump administration recommended that Wfirst be canceled outright.But in the new spending bill, Congress raised the cap on Webb by $800 million, making the project whole again, for now. And Congress endorsed the Wfirst mission, with a cap of $3.2 billion on its cost. That will make things tight, since the estimated cost of the telescope recently rose to $3.6 billion. But it beats cancellation.“The bipartisan support in Congress has kept the mission alive,” said David Spergel, an astrophysicist at Princeton and the Flatiron Institute in Manhattan, and co-chairman of the Wfirst science team, said in an email.A similar theme runs through the last couple of years. “Over the past two budget cycles, Congress has indeed rejected the Trump administration’s proposed topline budget cuts to federal agencies that fund science,” said Mitch Ambrose of the American Institute of Physics, which tracks federal spending on research.Consider the final 2019 budget: Mr. Trump proposed a 5 percent cut in NASA’s space science, but Congress made it an 11 percent increase, to $6.9 billion. The president wanted to cut the National Science Foundation budget by 4 percent, but Congress raised it by the same amount, to $8.1 billion.The Geological Survey saw an even more sizable transformation. The administration proposed cutting its budget by $250 million, or about 21 percent. That would have slashed support for Climate Science Centers, which study the regional effects of climate change, and for research on carbon sequestration. Congress rejected those cuts, allotting the climate centers $25 million, only a shade less than in recent years. The Geological Survey as a whole received a one percent raise, to $1.2 billion.Even the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, with its politically sensitive mission to study climate and weather, received a 3 percent increase, worth $16 million, to its $566 million budget for science for 2019. The Trump administration had proposed a 41 percent cut — a potentially devastating blow to the agency. By comparison, the president’s border wall would cost about $5.7 billion.“Though this administration has regrettably chosen to ignore the findings of its own scientists in regards to climate change, we as lawmakers have a responsibility to protect the public’s interest,” Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson, a Democrat from Texas, said in a recent meeting of the House Science Committee, which she now heads.Lamar Alexander, the Republican chairman of the Senate’s Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies, expressed the same sentiment last spring in a statement to his committee.“Over the last three years, Congress has developed quite a consensus on science and research,” he said, noting in particular its agreement on medical research and supercomputing. “I would tell President Trump and the Office of Management and Budget that science, research and innovation is what made America first, and I recommend that he add science research and innovation to his ‘America First’ agenda.”Not all is rosy in the realms of science policy. Since 1997, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been discouraged from studying guns and violence by the so-called Dickey Amendment, which prohibits the C.D.C. from promoting gun control. Last year Congress affirmed that the C.D.C. could study the causes of gun violence, but provided no money for such research.In an email, Julie Eschelbach, spokeswoman for the agency said, “Although C.D.C. does not receive direct funding for firearm-related research, C.D.C. has and continues to support data collection activities and analyses to document the public health burden of firearm injuries in the U.S.”And 86 percent of Americans, a majority of both Democrats and Republicans, favor spending more money on science, according to a recent poll by Hart Research and Echelon Insights.Once upon a time — in Einstein’s day, for example — it might have been considered unseemly for scientists to step outside their laboratories and make their case to the public. Today, organizations such as the American Astronomical Society and the American Association for the Advancement of Science have programs that teach young scientists how to do just that.That work is unlikely ever to be finished. Mr. Trump on Monday began unveiling his 2020 budget, and the cycle of cuts, cancellation and rescue may repeat itself again. Indeed, his new budget proposes to cancel Wfirst as well as a pair of missions devoted to studying Earth’s climate, atmosphere and oceans.“Scientists are going to have to work hard to make new friends in Congress,” wrote Matt Mountain, former director of the Space Telescope Science Institute, which runs the Hubble and will run the Webb telescope, and president of the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, in an email.More practice in the art of the possible, Dr. Mountain said, “more stuff they never taught us at graduate school.”Listen and subscribe to our podcast from your mobile device: Via Apple Podcasts | Via RadioPublic | Via StitcherWhether tending to aging parents or friends battling illness, caretakers repeatedly give their time and energy to others. But at what cost to themselves? On this week’s Modern Love podcast, the actress Nazanin Boniadi reads “A Sister’s Comfort, if Not a Cure,” an essay that explores the limits of care.Its author, Tara Ebrahimi, is the nonfiction editor of the Pacifica Literary Review. Her writing focuses on mental illness, family and Persian heritage.Ms. Boniadi played the C.I.A. analyst Fara Sherazi on “Homeland.” She appears in the thriller “Hotel Mumbai,” in theaters now. Stay tuned after the reading to hear more from her, Ms. Ebrahimi and the Modern Love editor Daniel Jones.To read past Modern Love columns, click here. Continue following our fashion and lifestyle coverage on Facebook (Styles and Modern Love), Twitter (Styles, Fashion and Weddings) and Instagram.For those of us who have resolved to stand more and sit less in the coming year, a new study might temper some of our expectations of the benefits.It finds that people burn more calories when they stand than when sitting or lying down, but the increase is smaller than many of us might hope. For those of us who overindulged and slacked off on our exercise regimens over the holidays, it also means that being upright is unlikely to help us lose weight.But it does not mean we should take this news lying or sitting down, the study’s authors caution, because frequent standing is likely to have other, substantial health impacts.By now, almost everyone has heard about, dabbled with or rolled their eyes at the phenomenon of standing desks. Many of us also wear fitness trackers that nag us every hour or so to get up and move.Science generally supports this rising interest in not sitting. Studies in animals and people show that long hours of stillness change the body’s physiology in multiple unhealthy ways, including reducing blood flow to the legs and brain; worsening the health of blood vessels; and lowering the production of substances that help to control cholesterol and blood sugar.In consequence, being sedentary can increase our risks for diabetes, heart disease and premature death.Lots of sitting also is linked with heightened odds of obesity and, for many of us, it is this association that is most worrying and most likely to prompt us to stand.And, again, past studies have been encouraging, with most indicating that we should expend hundreds of additional calories when we stand often rather than sit.But many of these experiments have involved somewhat exaggerated behaviors, such as absolute stillness while people sat, with no wriggling or fidgeting, and walking about or performing chores during the upright portions.Scientists at the University of Bath in England and Westmont College in California suspected that these methods wound up inflating the spread in energy expenditure between being sedentary and upright.So for the new study, which was published in November in Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise, they decided to ask people to sit and stand more naturally and to closely monitor how many calories they burned in the process. They began by recruiting 46 men and women whose weight was normal. Ten were Californians; the rest British. The researchers asked these volunteers about their health and exercise habits and then determined their average daily energy expenditure by fitting them with masks that measured their metabolic rate.They then had each of the volunteers lie down, sit or stand for 20 minutes at a time, on separate lab visits, while wearing the masks. To stave off boredom, the volunteers watched a soothing BBC nature documentary during each session.They also were allowed to bounce, wiggle, bobble or otherwise fidget as much or little as they wished during the sessions. They were asked, though, to remain in place while upright, as someone would if working at a standing desk.Then the researchers compared the number of calories they had burned in each posture.The differences were noticeable. But they also were small. As a group, the volunteers burned about 3 percent more calories when sitting compared to lying down and about 12 percent more standing compared to sitting.In more practical terms, the researchers estimate that, based on their metabolic findings, most people could expect to burn about 9 additional calories if they stood for an hour instead of sitting and, if they doubled that standing time to two hours a day, would burn about 130 extra calories over the course of a week.Realistically, those totals “would not result in sufficient energy deficit to drive a worthwhile rate of weight loss,” says James Betts, a professor of health research at the University of Bath, who led the study.But there are caveats to that discouraging conclusion. Perhaps most interesting, some people burned more calories than others while seated and standing, because they fidgeted so much. Those people also tended to report exercising regularly.It’s possible, Dr. Betts says, that “people who are physically fitter and more active may have a greater propensity to fidget.”It’s also possible that people who do not naturally fidget might slightly ramp up their energy expenditure during sitting and standing if they wriggle, jounce and ignore remonstrations from their spouses and co-workers to just stay still.More important, Dr. Betts says, “while standing does not represent an effective weight-loss strategy,” it might help some people to avoid adding weight. That’s because even small energy surpluses — consuming a few more calories each day than you expend — can contribute to long-term weight gain and obesity.HELSINKI, Finland — When they really wanted to rile up conservative voters this spring, the politicians from Finland’s nationalist party made a beeline for the rawest subject in this year’s general election.No, not immigration. Climate.As Finland’s other parties competed with each other to offer ambitious climate goals ahead of Sunday’s general election, the Finns Party has seized on climate as a new front in the culture wars, warning its conservative, working-class supporters that they are being betrayed by urban elites.Aggressive environmental measures will “take the sausage from the mouths of laborers,” warned a Finns Party politician, Matti Putkonen, in a recent televised debate. And, more important, from dogs and cats, whose food, he said, would increase in price by 20 to 40 percent.“What are you going to say to the little girl or boy who cries when Mom and Dad say that they can’t afford it any longer?” he said. “And take the lovable pet to be put down?”If that was not enough, he suggested contemptuously that, if the liberals got their way, dogs and cats would have to accept vegan substitutes for meat.“How long do you think,” he asked, “will it take for dogs, that is, Musti and Mirri, to learn how to switch to pulled oats?”The anti-climate language, coupled with the party’s longstanding anti-immigrant line, has paid off. The Finns Party, which polled at just 8.1 percent last November, has risen in recent weeks to be the second most-popular party among prospective voters, with 16.3 percent support. According to Taloustutkimus, a market research firm, much of the surge has come from voters who did not take part in previous elections.Finland’s general election has broken a well-established pattern in northern Europe, where one political cycle after another has been powerfully defined by the issue of immigration. In December, the Finnish authorities announced a series of cases involving accusations of sexual abuse and rape of girls by male asylum seekers and refugees, but it still did not become a central election issue.Instead, much of the debate has been dominated by climate, with nearly every major party proposing its own plan to keep global warming to 1.5 degrees. The proposals have been wide-ranging and, in some cases, aggressive, like an eco-tax on meat and airfare and restrictions on logging. But this pivot did not marginalize the Finns Party, whose leaders discovered they could mobilize their electorate by casting climate policy as an elite agenda that would hurt ordinary people.Some analysts, watching the Finns Party’s rise, have suggested that emphasizing climate has actually helped the right wing.“Well-meaning people wanted to make these elections climate elections, but they only set the table for an election victory for the Finns Party,” wrote Saska Saarikoski, a political columnist for Helsingin Sanomat, on Twitter. “Could we learn something from this?”Already, many of Europe’s right-wing parties and movements have adopted similar emotional assaults on climate policy. It was a carbon tax, increasing the cost of fuel, that ignited France’s violent Yellow Vest protests. Germany’s far-right party, Alternative for Germany, has pushed back heavily against the science behind clean-air policy, which it has derided as “particulate matter hysteria.”The lines clearly find an echo in Republican attacks on Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and the Green New Deal in the United States, which portray liberal Democrats as Stalinists taking away people’s pickup trucks and hamburgers.“No planes! No energy!” President Trump said in a speech to the Conservative Political Action Conference in February. “When the wind stops blowing, that’s the end of your electric. ‘Darling, is the wind blowing today? I’d like to watch television, darling.’”Stella Schaller, who has studied populist parties and their approach to energy policy, said climate may well become “a new line of conflict in European society, when topics like migration lose their explosiveness and tension.” The rhetoric serves to undermine trust in government and international institutions, she said.“They use identity-laden frames, such as national independence, the homeland, our nature and environment,” said Ms. Schaller, a project manager at Adelphi, a climate think tank based in Berlin. “They make it an emotional issue by fueling fears of rising energy prices and higher consumer costs. The way they communicate about this is dramatic and personal.”With right-wing parties now holding 151 of the European Parliament’s 751 seats, and likely to increase their share in May elections, opposition to climate policy could become more mainstream.“The danger is that the mainstream discourse shifts toward more simplistic, nationalistic language, and that centrist parties adopt populist frames,” Ms. Schaller said.Finland’s case is instructive. With its energy-intensive paper and steel export industries, Finland has not traditionally been at the vanguard of environmental policy, said Tuomas Yla-Anttila, a lecturer in political science at the University of Helsinki.But political discourse was jolted, last fall, by the release of the a landmark report by the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, warning that without profound reform, a warming climate could lead to food shortages, wildfires and a die-off of coral reefs much sooner than previously thought.Young people in Finland were also powerfully affected by climate protests led by a Swedish teenager, Greta Thunberg, and journalists quickly began casting the upcoming election as Finland’s first “climate election.” The range of policy became clear in the first televised debates, where nine parties were represented. Eight of them eagerly offered their plans to keep global warming to 1.5 degrees.And then there was Jussi Halla-aho, the chairman of the Finns Party, in vigorous, passionate dissent. His position is not to deny climate change, but to deny that Finland is obliged to make sacrifices to combat it.“Climate hysteria wrecks the Finnish economy and industry, and it destroys the fruits of decades of work by citizens,” he said in a recent video blog on the subject, which went on to warn of “massive” fuel tax increases, “dramatic” tax increases on old vehicles, cessation of flights to Lapland and “overly ambitious” national goals that will “raise transport and heating costs to unbearable levels.”“There has to be a limit to climate hysteria,” he continued. “Vote to get Finland back.”Other Finns Party candidates have offered over-the-top variations on this message: “If every Finn shot himself, it would do nothing to stop climate change” (Juho Eerola, the party’s deputy chair); and “If Finns stopped driving cars, it would delay global Armageddon by one minute” (Kristian Laakso a candidate in the southeast district of Kaakkois-Suomi).With this line of argument, the Finns Party has been able to attract working-class males — eight in 10 of its voters are men — from the Social Democratic Party, the country’s traditional left-wing party. David Arter, a political scientist who has followed the party closely, said the Finns Party has “sought to exploit its ostracized status for electoral gain,” and the mainstream emphasis on climate change, an issue that does not resonate with male traditionalists, has played into its hands.This argument only resonates with a small part of the electorate, Mr. Yla-Anttila said, but could still have a significant effect. With nine parties currently represented in Parliament, the most popular party will get only around 20 percent of the vote, and a swing of 1 to 2 percentage points could propel the Finns Party into second place.Candidates for other parties said that a false narrative had taken hold. “There’s been a vast amount of disinformation in these elections,” said Anita Hellman, who was canvassing for the first time as a Social Democrat. The Finns Party, she said, had spread misconceptions about her party’s climate proposals, leading voters to believe that “the Social Democrats will come and rip your car out of your front yard.”Daniel Sazonov, who is running as a member of the National Coalition Party, said he has been taken aback by voters’ strong feelings about climate policy, which he said extended far past the younger group generally associated with climate action. And that much being said, on both sides of the argument, was, as he put it, “extreme.”“Climate,” he said, “is as polarizing among voters as immigration.”WASHINGTON — Facing a showdown vote as early as this month over the embattled “Green New Deal,” Senate Democrats are preparing a counteroffensive to make combating climate change a central issue of their 2020 campaigns — a striking shift on an issue they have shied away from for the past decade.Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, outlined the new strategy in an interview last week, casting it as a way to mobilize millennial voters, a key part of the Democratic constituency that the party will need to turn out to win in swing states.With progressives pushing Democrats to embrace the Green New Deal — and Republicans ridiculing the idea as socialism — Mr. Schumer is effectively trying to turn a weakness into a strength. He is planning daily floor speeches attacking Republicans for inaction and a proposal for a special Senate committee focused on the issue, which he intends to announce this week.And while there is virtually no chance of passing climate change legislation in a Republican-controlled Senate with President Trump in office, Mr. Schumer said he wanted legislation to run on next year — and bring to a vote in early 2021, should his party win the White House and the Senate.“This is the first time Democrats have decided to go on offense on climate change,” Mr. Schumer said in an interview in his office. Asked about a bill, though, he conceded that “it’s going to take us a little while to come up with a consensus that works.”But even one of the most ardent evangelists for climate action, former Vice President Al Gore, conceded that it could be difficult for the party to come together around actual legislation, which almost certainly would have to include a carbon tax or some way to raise the price of carbon dioxide emissions. “This is a heavy lift politically,” he said.Despite that, Democrats see fighting climate change as a winning issue on the campaign trail — a way to mobilize not only young voters but also progressives, who are increasingly talking about the environment in terms of economic and social justice, given the outsize effect pollution has on minority communities.Climate change has for the first time emerged as a front-and-center issue in national political campaigns. On Friday, Washington’s governor, Jay Inslee, announced that he would campaign for president on the signature issue of fighting climate change. Other Democratic presidential candidates regularly make campaign speeches about the subject, and most initially rushed to back the Green New Deal, the liberal social policy proposal made famous by its author, Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York. Students around the world are “striking” from school this spring to demand action.But the rise of climate change as a rallying cry has come with huge downsides for Democrats. The ambitions of its youthful advocates have clashed with the caution of Democratic veterans, memorably caught in a viral video of middle and high schoolers confronting Senator Dianne Feinstein of California.And in a speech to conservative activists on Saturday, President Trump appeared to salivate at the chance to confront Democrats on the issue. “I encourage it,” he mockingly said of the Green New Deal. “I think it’s really something that they should promote.”Republicans see a political advantage in tying Democrats to the most contentious Democratic proposals, like linking climate change policy to universal employment.Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, plans to put the Green New Deal to a vote, without a single hearing or legislative language, as a way of daring Senate Democrats, especially those running for president, to go on record in favor of it.“Whether or not they agree with everything in the Green New Deal, they are going to be lumped into what that proposal was,” said Antonia Ferrier, a Republican strategist and former top aide to Mr. McConnell. “To be charitable to them, they care about this issue and think it’s important. But they also do run a risk of alienating a lot of independent-minded voters in some of those states that Hillary Clinton lost in 2016.”Democrats have been skittish about embracing the “green activist” label at least since 2000, when Mr. Gore lost his bid for the White House. Their unease worsened in 2010, when President Barack Obama’s effort to push a climate change bill through Congress crashed in the Democratic Senate and helped sink the careers of some Democrats who voted for it.“Climate change, to our frustration, was never an issue that rung a bell with voters, particularly in the throes of coming out of an economic crisis,” said David Axelrod, the former chief political strategist to Mr. Obama. “But now we’re a decade down the road, and the road is surrounded by floods and fires in a way that is becoming more and more visible.”Polls show that millennial voters, the largest voting demographic, consistently rank climate change as an issue of top concern — something older generations never did. A 2018 poll by the Pew Research Center found that millennials are the only generation in which a strong majority — 65 percent — says both that there is solid evidence of global warming and that this is attributable primarily to human activity.Mr. Schumer said that he believed voters now saw climate change as an issue that affected them in their daily lives, as scientific reports link climate change to damaging extreme weather, such as stronger storms, flooding and drought.He pointed to “the energy of the young people” on the issue and added, “We want to take that energy and channel it into something more constructive.”Celinda Lake, a Democratic strategist, said that if Democrats talked about the issue correctly — using phrases like “transitioning to green energy,” rather than the more polarizing “climate change” — they could win over Trump voters, who associate words like “transition” and “energy” with jobs.“Trump’s weakest issue is the environment,” Ms. Lake said. “As a Democrat, you’re mobilizing our side, you’re cross-pressuring his voters and you’re talking about the economy and the environment at the same time.”But Democrats are likely to run into trouble when it comes time to propose serious policy solutions. Already, supporters of the Green New Deal have been met with criticism that the proposal is chiefly a set of broad-strokes outlines, rather than concrete legislative language.The Green New Deal immediately won the embrace of multiple Democratic presidential candidates, including Senators Kamala Harris of California, Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, Cory Booker of New Jersey, Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, and Bernie Sanders, independent of Vermont.But it was also hit by a backlash, as Ms. Ocasio-Cortez’s website mistakenly published a draft summary of the document that included contentious provisions not endorsed by those candidates, like language that called for economic security “for all who are unable or unwilling to work.”Other Democrats shied away, including Ms. Feinstein, who told the group of student protesters, “there’s no way to pay for it,” and “it wouldn’t pass the Senate.”Mr. Schumer called the episode “a little hiccup, nothing more.”Republicans saw an opportunity.“Do our Democratic colleagues really support this fantasy novel masquerading as public policy?” Mr. McConnell asked last week on the Senate floor, discussing his plan for the coming vote. “Do they really want to completely upend Americans’ lives to enact some grand socialist vision?”Mr. Schumer’s plan to protect Democrats from going on the record in support of the Green New Deal is to have all members of his caucus simply vote “present” when Mr. McConnell brings the proposal to the Senate floor.Mr. Schumer said he would then counter with a more detailed policy solution, but that may prove just as risky. Such a solution to climate change is the same as it was in 2010, when Mr. Obama failed to pass a bill that required polluters to pay for their carbon emissions.Policy experts say the solution to climate change is still to put a price — ideally, a tax — on carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuels, essentially creating an energy tax that would raise the price of gasoline and electricity generated from fossil fuels. That idea is likely to remain a tough sell with many voters, even as it energizes the liberal left wing of the Democratic Party.Veterans of the 2010 debacle say the political risk will not be as great as it was then.“There has been a lot of change since then,” said Rick Boucher, a former Democratic congressman from a coal-rich quarter of southwest Virginia, whose constituents voted him out of office for backing the Obama-era climate change bill.Want climate news in your inbox? Sign up here for Climate Fwd:, our email newsletter.If you’ve heard a lot recently about the Green New Deal but still aren’t quite sure what it is, you are not alone. After all, it has been trumpeted by its supporters as the way to avoid planetary destruction, and vilified by opponents as a socialist plot to take away your ice cream. So it’s bound to be somewhat confusing. We’re here to help.[A Green New Deal is Technologically Possible. Its Political Prospects Are Another Question.]What is the Green New Deal?The Green New Deal is a congressional resolution that lays out a grand plan for tackling climate change. Introduced by Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York and Senator Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts, both Democrats, the proposal calls on the federal government to wean the United States from fossil fuels and curb planet-warming greenhouse gas emissions across the economy. It also aims to guarantee new high-paying jobs in clean energy industries.The resolution is nonbinding, so even if Congress approves it, nothing in the proposal would become law.Variations of the proposal have been around for years. Think tanks, the Green Party and even the New York Times columnist Thomas L. Friedman all have had plans for tackling climate change that they labeled a Green New Deal. But after the 2018 midterm elections, a youth activist group called the Sunrise Movement popularized the name by laying out a strategy and holding a sit-in outside the office of Nancy Pelosi, the soon-to-be-speaker of the House of Representatives, to demand action on climate change. Ms. Ocasio-Cortez joined the protesters, lending her support to their proposal and setting the groundwork for what ultimately became the joint resolution.Will there be a vote on it?Yes.Republicans have cast the Green New Deal as a socialist takeover and say it is evidence that Democrats are far from the mainstream on energy issues. Mitch McConnell, the Senate majority leader, plans to bring the plan to the floor as early as next week. Democrats say that the vote would be a stunt because Republican Senate leaders do not want to have a sincere debate about climate change.What problem is the Green New Deal addressing?The goal of the Green New Deal is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in order to avoid the worst consequences of climate change while also trying to fix societal problems like economic inequality and racial injustice.[You can get updates on the Green New Deal, and all our climate coverage, in our weekly climate newsletter. Subscribe today for free.]The resolution uses as its guide two major reports issued last year by the United Nations and by federal scientists who warned that if global temperatures continue to rise, the world is headed for more intense heat waves, wildfires and droughts. The research shows that the United States economy could lose billions of dollars by the end of the century because of climate change. Currently, carbon emissions are rising, by 3.4 percent last year in the United States and by 2.7 percent globally, according to early estimates.Supporters of the Green New Deal also believe that change can’t just be a technological feat, and say it must also tackle poverty, income inequality and racial discrimination.What are its main provisions?You can read it for yourself here, but here are the essential elements: It says the entire world needs to get to net-zero emissions by 2050 — meaning as much carbon would have to be absorbed as released into the atmosphere — and the United States must take a “leading role” in achieving that. The Green New Deal calls on the federal government to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions, create high-paying jobs, ensure that clean air, clean water and healthy food are basic human rights, and end all forms of oppression.To achieve those goals, the plan calls for the launch of a “10-year mobilization” to reduce carbon emissions in the United States. It envisions sourcing 100 percent of the country’s electricity from renewable and zero-emissions power, digitizing the nation’s power grid, upgrading every building in the country to be more energy-efficient, and overhauling the nation’s transportation system by investing in electric vehicles and high-speed rail. To address social justice, the resolution says it is the duty of the government to provide job training and new economic development, particularly to communities that currently rely on jobs in fossil fuel industries.What doesn’t it say?President Trump has claimed the Green New Deal will take away your “airplane rights.” Senator Tom Cotton, Republican of Arkansas, told Hugh Hewitt, the conservative radio host, that the proposal would confiscate cars and require Americans to “ride around on high-speed light rail, supposedly powered by unicorn tears.” And Senator John Barrasso, Republican of Wyoming and chairman of the Committee on Environment and Public Works, warned that ice cream, cheeseburgers and milkshakes would be a thing of the past because under the Green New Deal, “livestock will be banned.”The resolution doesn’t do any of those things.To be sure, there is some confusion about what the Green New Deal does and doesn’t say. That’s partially the fault of its sponsors, who botched the resolution’s initial rollout.Ms. Ocasio-Cortez’s office initially sent to reporters, but later disavowed, a fact sheet that included some controversial ideas, like guaranteeing economic security including to those “unwilling to work.”The resolution does call on the federal government to make investments in policies and projects that would eventually change the way we design buildings, travel and eat. For example: cows. To reduce methane, a powerful greenhouse gas that cows and other livestock emit, the resolution proposes “working collaboratively with farmers and ranchers in the United States to eliminate pollution and greenhouse gas emissions from the agricultural sector as much as is technologically feasible.”The resolution itself also steers clear of endorsing or rejecting specific technologies or sources of energy, something that Mr. Markey said was done purposefully to encourage broader support for the plan.What’s with the name?The Green New Deal takes its name and inspiration from the major government makeover, known as the New Deal, launched by President Franklin D. Roosevelt to help the United States recover from the Great Depression.That series of public-works programs and financial reforms included the Civilian Conservation Corps (which put people to work in manual labor jobs like planting trees and constructing park trails) and the creation of the Public Works Administration to work on the construction of bridges, dams, schools and more. Like the original New Deal, the Green New Deal is not a single project or piece of legislation. What are the costs?That’s not clear yet.President Trump claimed it would cost $100 trillion. Supporters of the Green New Deal say climate change could be equally costly to the American economy. For now it’s impossible to pin down dollar figures on the plan.Some examples of why: One conservative think tank has pegged the cost to the federal government of providing Medicare-to-all at $32 trillion over 10 years, but supporters claimed it would actually save taxpayers $2 trillion over 10 years. Converting the country to 100 percent clean power? In Vermont alone, which has a goal of achieving 90 percent renewable energy by midcentury, the cost is estimated at $33 billion. Yet the state is seeing job growth in clean energy sectors and expects the transition will spur cost savings for consumers. Modernizing the electrical grid across the United States could cost as much as $476 billion, yet reap $2 trillion in benefits, according to a 2011 study issued by the Electric Power Research Institute.Ms. Ocasio-Cortez has acknowledged that the Green New Deal is going to be expensive, but contends the plan will pay for itself through economic growth.Do critics offer alternative proposals?Some Republicans have called for a technology-oriented solution to climate change, but so far no critic has come out with an alternative that matches the scale or scope of the Green New Deal.How will the Green New Deal shape the debate?There is going to be a lot more political jockeying around the Green New Deal in coming weeks and months. Republicans have already launched video ads trying to tie Democrats to the proposal, which they have described as “radical.”And Mr. McConnell’s vote is directly aimed at making life uncomfortable for Democratic presidential contenders like Kirsten Gillibrand, Cory Booker, Elizabeth Warren, Amy Klobuchar and Kamala Harris. Those senators have all co-sponsored the Green New Deal resolution but in some cases have avoided specifics. Ms. Klobuchar, for example, told CNN she saw the Green New Deal as an “aspiration” and “something that we need to move toward.”At the same time, all of the attention on the Green New Deal has put new pressure on Republican critics to come up with their own plan for cutting greenhouse gases.It is likely that the Green New Deal will remain a lightning rod throughout the 2020 presidential campaign.For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.Q. How cold is space?A. It depends on the location, but according to NASA, the average temperature of the void between galaxies, away from hot suns and the like, is about minus 454 degrees Fahrenheit.Across the broad reaches of space, this average temperature has been measured at a remarkably constant level. It is thought to be a byproduct of the microwave energy left over from the Big Bang. As the universe expands, the temperature goes down. A NASA experiment on the International Space Station is designed to produce an even colder temperature. In the station’s microgravity, an apparatus called the Cold Atom Laboratory produces clouds of ultracold atoms called Bose-Einstein condensates, with temperatures just one ten-billionth of a degree above absolute zero — the temperature at which atomic motion would theoretically halt.[Like the Science Times page on Facebook. | Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]NEW YORK — Oil prices rose 1 percent on Friday as involuntary supply cuts from Venezuela and Iran plus conflict in Libya supported perceptions of a tightening crude market, while upbeat Chinese economic data eased concerns about waning crude demand. The oil market also followed global stock markets higher after strong earnings at JPMorgan Chase & Co. The dollar index slipped to its lowest against the euro in more than two weeks, making crude cheaper for non-U.S. buyers. [.N] [USD/]"Equities are getting off to a good start with earnings season and the dollar index being weaker helps reaffirm confidence in the oil market," said Phil Streible, senior commodities strategist at RJO Futures in Chicago. Brent crude oil futures rose 72 cents, or 1.02 percent, to settle at $71.55 a barrel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures ended the session up 31 cents, or 0.5 percent, at $63.89 a barrel.Both benchmarks notched a weekly gain of about 1 percent, which was Brent's third consecutive week of gains and the sixth straight rise for WTI.Oil markets have been lifted by more than 30 percent this year by supply cuts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and U.S. sanctions on oil exporters Iran and Venezuela, plus escalating conflict in OPEC member Libya. "Geopolitically infused rallies could shoot prices toward or even past the $80 per barrel mark for intermittent periods this summer," RBC Capital Markets said in a note. The head of Libya's National Oil Corporation warned on Friday that renewed fighting could wipe out crude production in the country. Bombing by a warplane occurred on Friday near the Mellitah oil and gas plant, jointly operated by Italy's ENI and Libyan state oil firm NOC, a Libyan National Army (LNA) military source and residents said. The plant supplies Italy with gas through the Greenstream pipeline. OPEC and its allies meet in June to decide whether to continue withholding supply. Though OPEC's de facto leader, Saudi Arabia, is considered keen to keep cutting, sources within the group said it could raise output from July if disruptions continue elsewhere. The producer group's supply cuts have been aimed largely at offsetting record crude production in the United States. U.S. energy companies this week increased the number of oil rigs operating for a second week in a row, bringing the total count to 833, General Electric Co's Baker Hughes energy services firm said in its closely followed report on Friday. [RIG/U] The rig count fell for the past four months as independent exploration and production companies cut spending on new drilling to focus on earnings growth instead of increased output.On the demand side, Chinese data showed exports rebounded last month, driving U.S. and euro zone bond yields to three-week highs and helping offset weaker imports and reports of another cut in German growth forecasts. "While macro fears of an economic hard landing may be overblown, the concentration risk of global oil demand (in Asia) remains under appreciated," RBC Capital Markets said. Meanwhile, money managers raised their net long U.S. crude futures and options positions in the week to April 9, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) said on Friday.For a graphic on China GDP growth, see - https://tmsnrt.rs/2VCLIa8 (Additional reporting by Henning Gloystein in Singapore; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and Cynthia Osterman)Welcome to the Climate Fwd: newsletter. The New York Times climate team emails readers once a week with stories and insights about climate change. Sign up here to get it in your inbox.By Lisa FriedmanTwo major new polls are in, and they both found that Americans are more attuned to the threats of climate change than ever before.My colleague John Schwartz wrote about one of the big surveys, which was conducted by the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication and the George Mason University Center for Climate Change Communication. It found that about 73 percent of Americans believe global warming is occurring, a record high and a jump of 10 percentage points from 2015. Another record: The percentage of Americans who said global warming is personally important to them was 72 percent, an increase of nine points since March.Those results mirrored a separate survey, from the Energy Policy Institute at the University of Chicago and The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research, that found 71 percent of Americans believe climate change is happening. About half of those people said they found the science of climate change to be more conclusive than it was five years ago and the vast majority cited extreme weather as the main reason.And the science remains dire. A new study, which my colleague John also wrote about, found that Greenland is losing ice at a pace never before seen. The authors found that the ice loss in 2012, more than 400 billion tons per year, was nearly four times the rate in 2003. It’s part of a growing body of research, John noted, that shows the effects of rising global temperatures are mounting.One person who doesn’t seem concerned? President Trump. Mr. Trump, as he is wont to do during wintertime cold snaps, mocked climate science over the weekend.“Large parts of the Country are suffering from tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold,” the president said Sunday on Twitter. “Wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!”Let’s hope someone showed him Kendra Pierre-Louis’ excellent article on what a polar vortex is, how they’re linked to frigid temperatures and snowstorms, and how more frequent polar vortex breakdowns may be tied to climate change.An Obama climate order at riskBy Somini SenguptaThe Trump administration, which has reversed dozens of environmental protections over the past two years, is now weighing whether to scrap an executive order designed to factor in climate change in overseas development aid, according to the State Department.The executive order, signed by President Barack Obama in 2014, required diplomats making funding decisions about development aid to account for helping those most vulnerable to the effects of climate change. The State Department said it planned to talk to “stakeholders” to decide whether to recommend that President Trump rescind that order.The department signaled that effort in a response to a report issued last week by the Government Accountability Office, the nonpartisan auditing arm of Congress.That report found that the State Department no longer offered “clear guidance” to its diplomatic missions around the world on how to assess the geopolitical risks of climate change. “As such, missions are less likely to examine climate change as a risk to their strategic objectives, or to do so in a consistent manner, and thus may not have the information they would need to identify migration as a risk of climate change,” the report said.The State Department’s press office did not offer a response, citing the partial government shutdown.Meanwhile, the Pentagon released a report last week outlining how it was shoring up its military bases against extreme weather, including rising temperatures, drought and floods. It called the effects of climate change “a national security issue with potential impacts to Department of Defense missions, operational plans, and installations.”The report was criticized by Democratic members of Congress for failing to include what Congress asked for in requesting the report: a list of the 10 most vulnerable military bases in each service branch.Senator Jack Reed, Democrat of Rhode Island and a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, called the report “an inadequate, incomplete, partisan document” that “carries about as much value as a phonebook.”“President Trump’s climate change denial must not adversely impact the security environment where our troops live, work, and serve,” the senator said in a statement.One thing you can do: Weatherize your homeBy Eduardo GarciaLet’s talk about cracks and gaps and crevices, because your home may have quite a few of them. Small holes in your window frames, below your doors, around the corners of your air-conditioning unit, behind moldings and under baseboards may be costing you money and harming the environment.Insulation and climate change may seem unrelated, but better insulation keeps more heat inside your home during the winter, reducing the amount of energy you use to stay warm. In a report this month, the research firm Rhodium Group noted that increased demand for residential heating contributed to a 3.4 percent rise in United States carbon dioxide emissions last year.“There is a really important connection between using less energy and cutting emissions, which I think is not always a direct line for people,” said Lauren Urbanek, a senior energy policy advocate at the Natural Resources Defense Council, a nonprofit environmental group. “They don’t see that this is something they can do that would have a big impact.”Ms. Urbanek said the vast majority of houses in the country would benefit from better insulation, unless they were built in recent years and under high standards.According to the N.R.D.C., if you added up all the various gaps, the average American home would have a 3-foot by 3-foot hole in the wall. But even if your home resembles a colander, finding all the holes may be a challenge.Experts recommend that you hire an energy auditor, who will use high-tech diagnostic devices, like infrared thermographers, to assess your home’s insulation. (We covered thermographic inspections in more detail last summer.) They can determine whether your walls need blown-in insulation, which can be quite cost-effective in the long term.Check with your utility company. Some will send energy auditors free of charge for a walk-through audit, while others may offer rebates.Insulation can also be a great do-it-yourself project. Make sure that the caulk around your windows and doors is in good condition; if not, apply some more. Weatherstripping your windows will also help.Simple things, like drawing the curtains when it’s dark outside, can help keep heat inside your home. (When there’s sunshine, let it in.) You could consider buying thermal curtains, which are designed to prevent heat loss.Closing doors will help keep heat in the spaces where you spend the most time, and using a rug in the winter will make a room feel warmer, particularly a room with a tiled floor.We’d love your feedback on this newsletter. Please email thoughts and suggestions to climateteam@nytimes.com.If you like what we’re doing, please spread the word and send this to your friends. You can sign up here to get our newsletter delivered to your inbox each week.And be sure to check out our full assortment of free newsletters from The Times.Want climate news in your inbox? Sign up here for Climate Fwd:, our email newsletter.WASHINGTON — Even though talk of a “Green New Deal” is getting louder in Congress, the odds of major federal climate legislation passing in the next two years remain extremely low.It’s a different story at the state level, however: The midterm elections in the fall brought in a new wave of governors who are now setting climate goals for their states and laying out more ambitious plans to cut emissions and expand low-carbon energy.In the past month, newly elected Democratic governors in Michigan, Illinois and New Mexico have joined the United States Climate Alliance, a group of 19 states and Puerto Rico that has vowed to uphold the Paris climate agreement despite President Trump’s disavowal of the accord. With the new additions, the alliance now covers one-third of America’s greenhouse gas emissions and nearly half its population. “It essentially says to the world that Michigan is going to live up to the promise that we, as a country, made at one point” to address climate change, Gov. Gretchen Whitmer of Michigan said when she announced that her state would join the alliance and establish a new office of climate and energy.States can only do so much to tackle global warming by themselves. But they can serve as laboratories of sorts, testing which climate policies work well and which ones are ineffective or too costly. And, by advancing technologies like wind, solar or electric vehicles, they could pave the way for more ambitious federal action — should that moment ever arrive.Here are some of the biggest steps states have taken recently on climate policy.More wind and solar powerFor years, the go-to climate move for states has been to require utilities to use more renewable electricity, a task made easier by the rapid decline in costs for wind and solar power. Governors are now poised to accelerate those policies.In Maine, the new governor, Janet Mills, a Democrat, has vowed to restore incentives for rooftop solar and to boost wind power locally — moves that had been stymied by her Republican predecessor.In New Mexico, another Democrat, Gov. Michelle Lujan Grisham, is backing a bill requiring electric utilities to get 50 percent of their power from renewable sources by 2030, keeping pace with neighbors like Colorado and Nevada. (Nevada voters in November approved their own requirement for 50 percent renewables by 2030.)The most striking development, though, has been the array of governors who are now floating plans for their states to get 100 percent of their electricity from zero-carbon sources. Legislators in California and Hawaii have already set deadlines for utilities to meet this target by 2045. In recent months, the governors of Colorado, Illinois, New Jersey and New York have pledged to pursue similar goals.These states are all venturing into uncharted territory, and there’s no guarantee they will succeed. As states rely on ever-larger amounts of wind and solar power, it becomes more challenging to juggle these intermittent sources. Getting all the way to 100 percent zero-carbon electricity, experts say, could require extensive new nationwide transmission lines, novel energy storage techniques or help from untested technologies like advanced nuclear power.For now, states are experimenting with varied approaches. Hawaii, for example, wants to meet its goal entirely through renewable energy. In New Jersey, by contrast, Gov. Philip D. Murphy signed legislation to keep his state’s nuclear plants open as part of a broader low-carbon portfolio. And New York is soliciting bids for large new offshore wind farms.Cutting pollution from carsElectricity is responsible for about one-third of America’s carbon dioxide emissions. To go further, states will also have to clean up the cars and trucks on their roads, which account for another third.In December, nine Eastern states and the District of Columbia announced they would work together to put a price on emissions from transportation fuels and invest the revenue in lower-carbon solutions, potentially including mass transit, electric buses or new charging stations to make it easier for people to own plug-in vehicles.Some of the states involved, like Pennsylvania and Maryland, are in danger of missing their self-imposed climate goals unless they can halt the stubborn rise in driving emissions.While the finer details of the policy will be hashed out this year, the states are modeling their efforts after the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, a cap-and-trade system in the Northeast that auctions a steadily dwindling supply of carbon pollution permits to power plants and uses the revenue to invest in efficiency and clean energy programs.“Transportation is going to be even more complex than electricity — there are so many moving parts,” said Vicki Arroyo, the executive director of the Georgetown Climate Center, which has been working closely with the states on the initiative. But, she said, referring to Maryland, Massachusetts and Vermont, “It’s notable that we have three Republican governors here who are committed to stepping up on this.”More carbon pricingIn November, voters in Washington State rejected a ballot initiative to impose a statewide tax on carbon emissions — a sign that putting a price on carbon, a favorite solution of many economists, remains a tough sell politically.But the idea is far from dead: In neighboring Oregon, the Legislature is now considering a statewide cap-and-trade system that would put a price on emissions from a wide range of polluters, including manufacturers, paper mills, refineries and utilities. (Oregon already gets the vast majority of its electricity from hydropower dams, so it has less room to expand renewable power than other states.) The bill faces a tough battle, but if it were to pass, Oregon could link up with California and Quebec to create a carbon trading system.Elsewhere, New Jersey and Virginia are planning to join the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative. Although Virginia’s governor, Ralph Northam, a Democrat, has faced intense pressure to resign over a racist yearbook photo, state regulators are still laying the groundwork to participate in the cap-and-trade program.How far can states go?In September, a report by America’s Pledge, a coalition of states, cities and businesses that have promised to stick with the Paris Agreement, found that current state and city climate policies would, if followed through, get the United States about two-thirds of the way toward its commitment under the accord.Nathan Hultman, an author of that report and director of the Center for Global Sustainability at the University of Maryland, said the flurry of new state policies could help push the United States closer to its Paris goal, a reduction of emissions at least 26 percent below 2005 levels by 2025, though it would take time to gauge their full impact.“It’s still the case that federal leadership is going to be absolutely essential, and right now that’s absent,” he said. “But we also knew that federal action alone wasn’t going to be enough, because so many important decisions have to be made at the state and city level. And one thing we’ve seen in the past two years is that states are starting to think seriously about what more they can actually do to deliver real and meaningful emissions reductions.”For more news on climate and the environment, follow @NYTClimate on Twitter.HOUSTON — Qatar Petroleum and Exxon Mobil said on Tuesday that they are making a big investment in American natural gas exports. The deal is designed in part to strengthen Qatar’s ties with the United States nearly two years after Saudi Arabia and its allies launched a trade embargo against the country.The companies said they would spend more than $10 billion to turn Golden Pass, a terminal in Texas originally built to import gas, into an export hub for gas extracted from shale fields in Texas, New Mexico and elsewhere.A deeper push into the United States would give state-owned Qatar Petroleum, already the biggest liquefied natural gas exporter in the world, quicker and cheaper access to Latin America, freeing more of its domestic production for lucrative Asian markets.Qatar is also making a bid to strengthen its relationship with the Trump administration, which has established close ties with Saudi Arabia.“For Qatar, this serves as a counterbalance to the Saudi-U.S. relationship,” said Leslie Palti-Guzman, president of GasVista, a New York-based consulting firm. “Saudi Arabia and Qatar right now are looking to invest in the U.S. liquefied natural gas play, and both think it’s going to carry favor with the Trump administration.”The administration has attempted periodically to mediate Qatar’s dispute with Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, United Arab Emirates and Egypt since the Saudi-led bloc cut economic and diplomatic ties with Qatar in 2017. But President Trump has sent conflicting signals about his intentions by, at times, appearing to support Saudi Arabia and its allies in the dispute.Qatar has long leveraged its gas wealth to exert political influence around the Middle East and North Africa, with television broadcasting, financial support for Hamas in Gaza and alliances with Muslim Brotherhood chapters and militia groups around the region. The country also hosts a major American military base.Qatar Petroleum has been a big investor in Golden Pass for years. Originally the giant terminal in Sabine Pass, Tex., was designed to import gas, and cost $2 billion to build about a decade ago. But the frenzy of natural gas drilling in shale fields created a domestic glut, and the facility has been dormant for the last eight years.Exxon Mobil and Qatar Petroleum will reverse some pipelines and add several enormous refrigerant plants to Golden Pass. The plants will cool gas to minus-260 degrees Fahrenheit and condense it into a liquid to be loaded onto tankers and shipped to Latin America, Asia and Europe.Golden Pass is expected to create about 9,000 jobs during five years of construction and 200 permanent positions. The announcement had been delayed for years by regulatory hurdles. In 2017, the Energy Department approved exports from Golden Pass.“Golden Pass will provide an increased, reliable, long-term supply of liquefied natural gas to global gas markets, stimulate local growth and create thousands of jobs,” Exxon Mobil’s chief executive, Darren Woods, said in a statement.Qatar Petroleum will own 70 percent of the project, with Exxon Mobil as its junior partner. The two companies have a long relationship that includes projects in Argentina, Brazil and Mozambique.“The politics and the economics are aligned,” said Nikos Tsafos, an energy expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, referring to Golden Pass.Qatar Petroleum’s footprint is expanding at home and worldwide. In Qatar, it is working with international companies to increase L.N.G. production capacity by more than 40 percent.It is also expanding in Morocco, Cyprus, Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, South Africa and Mozambique, and has expressed interest in making billions of dollars of additional investments in United States oil and gas production.Much of the money is coming from investments Qatar removed from countries around the Middle East in retaliation for the blockade. In December, the country said it would leave the Saudi-dominated Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, or OPEC, to focus on its gas business.Qatar is stepping up investments in the United States and elsewhere in response to changes in the global gas market.In the last few years Qatar’s dominance in long-distance shipping of natural gas has been challenged by Australia, and more recently by the United States. Last year, the United States became the fastest growing exporter of liquefied natural gas as the global gas trade increased by 10 percent, primarily because of growing demand in China, Japan and South Korea.The Energy Department projects that American L.N.G. export capacity will increase from 3.6 billion cubic feet a day, to 8.9 billion cubic feet a day by the end of the year, as companies finish several facilities across the Gulf Coast.Natural gas is the fossil fuel with the fastest growing demand worldwide. The number of countries importing L.N.G. has more than doubled to over 40 in the last decade.Asian countries are using gas to replace coal and oil in their power sectors. Thailand and the Philippines are considering L.N.G. imports as a replacement for declining domestic gas production. Many European countries are seeking L.N.G. imports to reduce their dependence on Russia and because gas production on the continent is in decline.“We see the number of buyers increasing very fast,” said Jean-Baptiste Dubreuil, a senior gas analyst at the International Energy Agency in Paris. “In most cases, gas is replacing more carbon-intensive fuels, so it’s a positive.”For Exxon Mobil, the investment marks significantly increased interest in the L.N.G. trade that should fit neatly with its growing investment in oil and gas production in shale fields, particularly in Texas and New Mexico.Sometimes, when life throws you a curve, it can be a golden opportunity. Jasmit Singh Rangr was happily settled in Manhattan, running Rangr Studio, the design practice he founded in 2004, when in 2014, his wife, Abigail Dillen, was offered a vice president’s job at her longtime employer, Earthjustice, that required moving to San Francisco.“I loved being in New York,” Mr. Rangr said. But at least the move would allow the couple and their now-6-year-old son, Sher, to leave what he described as their “dismal little Upper West Side rental.”Ms. Dillen — who is now the president of Earthjustice, a nonprofit that uses the court system to protect the environment — suggested looking in the Berkeley Hills. After going through the now-common experience of finding a house, only to be outbid by someone with lots of ready cash, the couple discovered a bank that would lend them the money to buy an empty lot (preferably one with a view, which would maximize resale value). Through a combination of dogged research and luck, they found property that they could buy for its appraised value rather than the market price. And on this steeply sloping site, Mr. Rangr designed a spare, light-filled house that measures 2,850 square feet, but takes maximum advantage of a view that includes the Bay Bridge, the Golden Gate Bridge and Mount Tamalpais in Marin County. He and his family moved in, in late 2016.The multimillion-dollar view notwithstanding, the couple’s budget was tight, and Berkeley’s seismic and energy codes are strict. Mr. Rangr’s design manages these givens seamlessly. From the street, you see only the top floor of the three-story house. It contains an entry space with a powder room and a closet, and an open living-dining-kitchen space. The floor below contains a master bedroom, a child’s room and a guest room, as well as two bathrooms. The bottom floor, which is reached by an interior stairway and stone steps that lead down the hill from the entrance, contains Mr. Rangr’s office; its small open kitchen and a bathroom also make it suitable for guests or an au pair.Mr. Rangr, who is fond of creating what he calls “inhabitable interstitial spaces,” conceived of the living area as a glass-enclosed version of a screened porch, inspired by the verandas of the houses his family occupied in India. (They moved to London when he was 8.) This glass box “captures the sun’s heat and makes us open the patio doors to cool the space off — at all times of the year,” he explained, eliminating the need for air-conditioning. The space is cantilevered to deepen its connection to the surrounding landscape and view. “At the front wall, you’re literally over air,” Mr. Rangr said. In addition, his use of three square, full-height windows on the west wall — rather than a single horizontal window — creates the sensation that the view extends beyond the frame. He needed to put people “not just in front of the view, but somehow in the view,” he said.On the bright south side of the space, sliding glass doors open to a deck. Clerestory windows on the east (street) side of the house, above the kitchen, admit morning light and cooling breezes. The house has radiant-heated floors and LED lighting throughout, with indirect lighting used liberally; Mr. Rangr says it illuminates spaces more evenly, requiring less artificial light, and therefore less energy. Solar panels on the roof allow the building to consume just “one-third the energy that a house this size should use,” he said.Mr. Rangr chose inexpensive materials, like a fire-rated stucco for the exterior, and Alaskan yellow cedar for the decks, windows and living room floors and ceiling. The lowest grade of wood “adds texture to the strict geometry of my designs,” he said; he used a whitening stain to neutralize its yellow tone. Notes and shopping lists can be written directly on the whiteboard laminate cabinet fronts. Relatively inexpensive subway tiles are in the bathrooms. And the living room bookshelves (wood, with aluminum standards) are from a company that makes laboratory storage components. While they are not flexible enough for frequent reconfiguring, “they have a very elegant bracket system,” Mr. Rangr said.To make the house conform to the same high seismic standards as hospitals, he used state-of-the-art damper frame technology, working with ZFA Structural Engineers, a Northern California firm. The house is more likely to be habitable after an earthquake, and the technology minimizes damage to windows and finishes.For her part, Ms. Dillen asked only for a spacious closet. “My skills are around the two-dimensional,” she said. “Jasmit’s sense of space is something I’d never mess with; that’s part of the reason I fell in love with him.”Impressed by this house, Mr. Rangr’s aunt and uncle commissioned one for themselves nearby in Berkeley, and he is also at work on a mixed-use project in Buffalo, as well as a beach house in Costa Rica. Each embodies his belief that “the program, the client’s wants, and the landscape and climate dictate the design.”“Eighty percent of the architecture is already there on the site; you just have to find the other 20 percent.”Brie Larson is bringing Captain Marvel to the big screen in the latest film from Marvel Studios. Her adventure is set in the 1990s, but the exploits of Captain Marvel date to 1939, when Billy Batson followed a stranger into a subway and was granted powers by a wizard to transform himself into the mighty hero. Since then, many men and women have borne the name Captain Marvel, as well as a sexually fluid alien. Here is a colorful selection.Billy BatsonImageSuperman welcomed Captain Marvel to the DC Comics family in 1972.CreditDCIn 1939, Billy Batson, an orphaned newspaper boy, turned into the Fawcett Comics hero Captain Marvel with one magic word — Shazam! No villains could stop him, but a later lawsuit nearly did. National Comics (the forerunner of DC Comics) thought Captain Marvel, who was strong and could fly and sometimes outsold “Superman,” was too close to the Man of Steel and cried copyright infringement. Fawcett retired the character in 1953, but nearly 20 years later, DC licensed him for new comics. Still, the series could not be called Captain Marvel, because Marvel had grabbed the trademark for its own hero in 1966. These days, Batson goes by Shazam (he cannot say his own name lest he transform) and will get his own film, starring Zachary Levi, next month.[Meet the cats who played Goose in “Captain Marvel.” | Can the movie solve Marvel Studios’ woman problem]Mar-VellBursting on to the scene in 1966, Mar-Vell started out as a spy for the alien Kree race before siding with Earth. This version of the hero was originally a silver-haired hunk, but editors feared his hair color made him look old. He was given a spiffy new costume and later a dye job, leaving him with his better known golden tresses. Sadly, he lost his battle with cancer in 1982. More shockingly, Mar-Vell has remained dead, despite comics’ love of resurrections. His genetically engineered son, Genis-Vell, burst onto the scene as Legacy but later took the name Captain Marvel, bearing it until he was killed in 2006. Spoiler: Mar-Vell has an unexpected role in the new film.Carol DanversIn 1967, Carol Danvers was introduced as an Air Force officer who encountered the alien Captain Marvel. In 1976, Danvers became Ms. Marvel, whose costume was a variation of Mar-Vell’s, albeit more revealing. She later lost her memories and powers, and alien experiments transformed her to Binary, who gets in a spectacular revenge punch against the woman behind her earlier woes. Danvers then became Warbird, joined the Avengers and struggled with alcoholism, before finally taking on the mantle of Captain Marvel (with an appropriate military-inspired uniform).Monica RambeauIntroduced in 1982, Monica Rambeau worked for the New Orleans harbor patrol. An encounter with cosmic energy infused her with the ability to convert her body into any form of energy. She joined the Avengers to better understand her abilities and excelled, eventually mastering her powers and becoming chairwoman of the team for a time. Rambeau was Captain Marvel for 14 years. She ceded the name to Mar-Vell’s son and became Photon (and, later, Pulsar and Spectrum). The “Captain Marvel” film includes a character named Maria Rambeau (played by Lashana Lynch), an Air Force pilot whose call sign is Photon and who has a young daughter named Monica.Noh-VarrThis alien hero crash-landed on Earth in 2000 and quickly found himself at odds with Doctor Midas, who was obsessed with the energy that gave the Fantastic Four their powers, and Hexus, a corporation that became sentient (and evil). Noh-Varr joined the Avengers as Captain Marvel and later became known as the Protector. As a space-faring Kree, the triple-jointed Nor-Varr has a fluid view of sexuality. “We consider these things carefully,” he once told his Young Avengers teammates. “I was aboard an exploratory vessel, after all. Exploratory does have multiple meanings. The Kree are efficient like that.”Kamala KhanWhen her series began in 2014, Kamala Khan was a Muslim teenager living in Jersey City and a big fan of the Carol Danvers version of Captain Marvel. When Khan’s powers activated, she became the local hero Ms. Marvel, telling her idol in a feverish dream: “I want to be you. Except I would wear the classic, politically incorrect costume and kick butt in giant wedge heels.” Since then, Khan has expanded her reach globally with the Champions, a squad of teenage superheroes, and seems likely to be promoted to Captain one day. In the meantime, maybe fans will get a big-screen cameo? At a news conference last month, Brie Larson was asked which hero she would like to meet in a sequel. “My dream would be that Ms. Marvel gets to come into play,” she said.Welcome to the Climate Fwd: newsletter. The New York Times climate team emails readers once a week with stories and insights about climate change. Sign up here to get it in your inbox.By Eduardo GarciaTechnology moves fast. The coolest gadgets today will be obsolete in a few years and we’ll discard them to make room for new ones. Rarely a day goes by that I don’t see flat screens, printers and speakers languishing on the sidewalks of New York City.About half of American states, including New York, have e-waste recycling laws, and around 20 states ban certain types of electronics from landfills. These laws were adopted because many gadgets contain toxic metals — like lead, mercury, cadmium and chromium — that can leak into groundwater and soil, poisoning the ecosystem. The good news is that there are many environmentally friendly options for parting ways with your electronic devices.First, you could consider trying to give those devices a second life. That applies especially to laptops, tablets and cellphones, which we often discard simply because we want to upgrade.You could try selling them online, giving them to people you know, or to a charity or nonprofit group like Computers With Causes or the World Computer Exchange. (Experts recommend that you wipe hard drives and memory cards clean before giving the devices away.)If the gadgets are broken or too old, you can take them to a certified recycling center where technicians may try to refurbish them for reuse in the United States or abroad.Troy Hanna, a reuse technician at the Lower East Side Ecology Center in New York — a warehouse full of printers, stereos, desktop computers, screens and TV sets — said his goal in life was to put “landfills out of business.”“When I refurbish an old computer and somebody buys it, then I do my job twice,” he said. “First for the environment, and second for that person who can now use a device that would have ended up in the landfill.”The Lower East Side Ecology Center has a wide selection of laptops, flat-screen TVs, record players and speakers for sale. It also rents vintage devices for use as props on movie sets.Many people take their used electronics to retailers like Best Buy and Staples, which then send them to recyclers, although they may charge a small fee to handle large items like TV screens.Electronic devices often contain valuable metals like copper, silver, gold and lithium, too. Their components and circuit boards can be sent to smelters to reclaim those metals, a process that some recyclers call “urban mining.” Using recycled metals is less taxing to the environment than extracting, processing and transporting raw materials.“The plastics, the metals, the glass; the vast majority of the content can get recycled,” said Jason Linnell, executive director of the National Center for Electronics Recycling. “There is very little that needs to go into landfills.” Climbing 28 stories, straight up, to get the storyBy John SchwartzIf you read my piece last week about Americans who grew up with ties to fossil fuels but found careers in renewable energy, you encountered people from across the country. Besides meeting so many fascinating people and working with a terrific photographer, Brandon Thibodeaux, I got to do something amazing for that story: I climbed a wind tower.I wrote about the experience for Times Insider, but let me just tell you the main point here: Tiring and scary! The tower is about 300 feet, or about 28 stories, tall. Before I’d gotten halfway up, my forearms were burning and my legs were shaking. I was, in short, a mess. I’d rest on each of the tower’s four platforms, then keep going.Why do it? There’s my natural inclination to want to, or, as I like to put it: To ride the rides. Beyond that, experiences like this one help me tell my stories. Jake Thompson, whom I met in Stanton, Tex., told me that he was afraid of heights but looked into jobs in wind energy at his father’s suggestion. “I looked out at the top,” he said of his first climb on a tower, “and decided that was going to be my career.” I wanted get a feel for what he’d done so that I could best convey it to readers. The story had wonderful reporting moments, like sitting around a dining room table in Clawson, Utah, with three generations of the Riley family. That included Chris Riley, who grew up in state’s coal country and helped found a company that, by connecting western towns to renewable sources of energy, may hasten coal’s decline. He laid out for his family, for the first time, the full implications of his business model. Their reaction was sober and supportive. It was a privilege to be with them. And you know how they say “getting there is half the fun?” Well, no. It was two-hour drive from Salt Lake City to Clawson, with white-knuckle steering through mountain passes in a snowstorm. And after the interview, I had to take the same roads back.It was totally worth it. We occasionally hear criticism from readers who say that, as climate reporters, we should be reducing our own carbon footprint by avoiding air travel. I get that point. But to me, if you’re going to tell the story in a rich way, with the kind of detail that puts readers right there, you have to go there. And you should climb the ladder.The week’s reporting from Team ClimateWe’d love your feedback on this newsletter. Please email thoughts and suggestions to climateteam@nytimes.com.If you like what we’re doing, please spread the word and send this to your friends. You can sign up here to get our newsletter delivered to your inbox each week.And be sure to check out our full assortment of free newsletters from The Times.NEW YORK — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily on Thursday:Tesla Inc., down $7.64 to $268.42The electric car maker and partner Panasonic are putting on hold plans to expand their Gigafactory, according to media reports.Bed Bath & Beyond Inc., down $1.70 to $17.71The home goods retailer gave Wall Street a mixed fourth-quarter report, with a key sales measure falling short of forecasts.Caesars Entertainment Corp., up 35 cents to $9.40The casino operator could put itself up for sale as soon as this week, according to media reports.Fastenal Co., up $3.29 to $68.48The industrial supplies company reported strong industrial activity in the fourth-quarter, which pushed profit and revenue past forecasts.Rite Aid Corp., down 5 cents to $51 centsThe pharmacy operator reported a fourth-quarter loss and issued a weak full-year forecast.Apogee Enterprises Inc., down $2.43 to $36.40The architectural glass and metal products' maker fell short of fourth-quarter forecasts as bad weather hurt some manufacturing operations.JetBlue Airways Corp., up 22 cents to $17.14The airline announced that it will expand service across the Atlantic Ocean with flights to London by 2021.Concho Resources Inc., down $3.01 to $104.73The energy company and its peers lagged the market on lower oil prices.Q. How do bees find the flowers in the container garden on the fourth-floor deck of my city apartment?A. Foraging bees use the same methods to find nectar and pollen four floors up that they use at ground level.Honeybees routinely fly two miles from their hives in their search for raw material for honey; it doesn’t require much extra energy to fly several stories up. [Like the Science Times page on Facebook. | Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]It takes only one scout to report a promising garden to the rest of the hive with a famous waggle dance. The scout relies on its sophisticated eyes, which are tuned to a variety of wavelengths, including ultraviolet color patterns in flowers that are invisible to people.When the bees get closer to flowers, smell receptors begin transmitting information. And it has recently been discovered that both bumblebees and honeybees can detect and discriminate among weak electrostatic fields emanating from flowers. The bees accumulate a positive charge, while the flowers have a negative charge. The interaction between the fields is detected by antennae or sensitive hairs on the body. The electrical field helps bees to recognize pollen-rich blooms and perhaps even to transfer the pollen.Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together.My forearms felt like they were on fire. My legs were shaking.I was climbing a ladder, but not to clean the leaves out of my gutters. This ladder was 300 feet tall. And even though I’m in decent shape, it was excruciating. And, I’ll admit, frightening.I had come to Stanton, Tex., for a story that published last week — a feature, with arresting photos from Brandon Thibodeaux, about people from around the United States who came from families that worked in the fossil fuel industry, but who chose their own career paths in renewable energy.Jake Thompson manages a wind farm near Stanton, which sits in the middle of the Permian Basin, the second richest oil field in the nation. The basin is also part of the Texas wind boom that has made the Lone Star State the nation’s biggest producer of wind energy. A good place, then, to see wind turbines turning high above pump jacks and drilling rigs. What’s more, the company that owns the wind farm, Invenergy, was willing to let me climb to the top of one of their towers after a safety briefing. And I dearly wanted to have that experience and to take in the view from the top. As I like to say, I always ride the rides, whether that means getting zapped with a million volts of electricity (safely), strapping myself into a jet pack or flying with someone who herds cattle from a helicopter.Riding the rides isn’t always fun, and I’m no thrill seeker in my day-to-day life. I avoid roller coasters, even though my kids love them. But when it comes to writing stories, putting myself in an uncomfortable situation tends to makes my stories better. It helps me understand the people I’m writing about.Brandon and I got to the wind farm early in the morning and took the safety training. Mr. Thompson and his crew then strapped us into heavy harnesses that would clip us to a cable on the ladder and stop us if we fell. Then we drove out to the tower; they opened the door and we walked in. The ladder ran the length of the inside of the tower, close to the curving wall. Brandon and I looked up.Gulp.A 300-foot tower is about 28 stories tall. There are “climb assist” systems that can help pull you up, but using them would have required additional training. It would be our hands and feet getting us to the top.[Read: They Grew Up Around Fossil Fuels. Now, Their Jobs Are in Renewables.]I was wearing the heavy boots I bring to work sites, so I was bearing extra weight. But the real problem was, simply, pulling myself up the ladder. There are four internal platforms spaced from base to top, but that still meant up to 80 feet of straight climbing to do in between rest stops, in a semi-lit, echoing space that somehow felt both claustrophobic and endless.At first I tried climbing as I do on ladders at home, grabbing the rungs and skipping a rung with each step. Soon tired, I had to put both feet on a rung, stop, put one foot on the next rung and bring the other foot up to meet it. It was slow. I was sweaty and my breath was ragged; my heart was pounding. It would take a couple of minutes to get my breathing and heart rate back to normal on each platform.“When you first-time, everybody breathes hard. Doesn’t matter,” Mr. Thompson told me, generously. The two other first timers, Brandon and Mary Ryan, a publicist for the company, seemed to be doing fine. But then, I’m 20 years older than them.The wind tower workers, who have the shoulders of bodybuilders (I now know why), told me that first timers grip the ladder for dear life. They advised loosening my grip, letting my hands ride the sides and letting my legs do the work. It helped.After about 40 minutes, we were in the little room at the top of the tower, the nacelle, that contains the rotor and the generating works and electronics. Up there, we could feel the wind causing the tower to sway back and forth, discomfitingly.Mr. Thompson popped a hatch and stepped out. The roof is fiberglass; it bowed slightly under his feet. We climbed out, attached the tethers on our rigs to bars on the structure, and took in the view.West Texas spread out on all sides, a landscape dotted with turbines and oil-field equipment, natural gas flares from atop wells — and, over it all, the vast Texas sky. Winds gusted to about 35 miles per hour. I was grateful for the tether.We could have climbed overtop and into the nose of the rotor, to look into the hollow blades where they attached to the turbine. That would have involved taking a ladder out over the nose. While I’m sure it could be done safely, the curve of the front of the structure made it look as if I’d be climbing out into open space. This, I decided, was a part of the ride I could skip.The workers warned me that the way down could be harder than the way up. “On the way up, you feel it in your arms. On the way down, you’ll feel it in your legs,” one guy said, and then clarified: “cheeks,” he said, and tapped his behind. But Mr. Thompson let me in on a trick of the trade: I could rest my back against the wall of the structure and slide down, with no effort from my arms and much of the weight off my legs. The descent went smoothly, and soon my boots were touching dirt again.In an interview, Mr. Thompson told me that he was afraid of heights, but looked into wind energy at his father’s suggestion. On his first climb, he recalled, “I looked out at the top, and decided that was going to be my career.” Now I understood how he felt. And I was ready to write.The wealthy of Silicon Valley ought to be living their very best lives right now. John Doerr, an early Amazon and Google investor, calls their moment “the greatest legal accumulation of wealth in history.”And yet, the people of Silicon Valley seem determined to make themselves miserable. They sit in painful, silent meditations for weeks on end. They starve for days — on purpose. Cold morning showers are a bragging right. Notoriety is a badge of honor.So the most helpful clues to understanding Silicon Valley today may come from its favorite ancient philosophy: Stoicism. An ancient Greek school of thought, Stoicism argued that the only real treasures in life were inner virtues, like self-mastery and courage. The Stoics offered tactics to endure pain and pleasure without complaint. These virtues are paraded on the website of a new entrepreneurship-focused lobbying firm, the Cicero Institute. The organization started quietly last year, and is intended to advocate for start-up interests. Its landing page is adorned with a quote from Cicero, a Roman philosopher-statesman who embraced much of Stoicism’s ethical systems while remaining skeptical of its metaphysics: “I have always been of the opinion that unpopularity earned by doing what is right is not unpopularity at all but glory.”As stocks rise despite crises, as a new wave of wealth rises in the American West, and promotions and payouts come despite scandals, the old mantra that every start-up is going to save the world now rings hollow. But tenets of Stoicism — which can be interpreted to argue that the world and its current power structure are correctly set as they are — fit right in.Is this really a thing?Stoicism has been the preferred viral philosophy “for a moment” for years now — or two decades, by one count. The topic of Stoicism usually comes up in the Valley in terms of the maintenance of the personal life. Start-ups big and small believe their mission is to make the transactions of life frictionless and pleasing. But the executives building those things are convinced that a pleasing, on-demand life will make them soft. So they attempt to bring the pain.“We’re kept in constant comfort,” said Kevin Rose, the founder of Digg, in an interview on Daily Stoic, a popular blog for the tech-Stoic community. Mr. Rose said he tries to incorporate practices in his life that “mimic” our ancestors’ environments and their daily challenges: “This can be simple things like walking in the rain without a jacket or wearing my sandals in the December snow when I take the dog out in the mornings.”Tim Ferriss, the region’s popular life hacker, wrote on his blog that Stoicism is “an ideal ‘operating system’ for thriving in high-stress environments.” Elizabeth Holmes, the founder of the disastrous health diagnostics start-up Theranos and star of a new HBO documentary about its collapse, would often cite “Meditations,” by Marcus Aurelius. Rank-and-file tech workers frequently have more than one Stoic text on their bookshelves. Y Combinator, the start-up incubator, includes “A Guide to the Good Life: The Ancient Art of Stoic Joy,” by William B. Irvine, on its list of books for entrepreneurs to read. Ryan Holiday’s life-hacking books on Stoicism are especially popular, and seed the philosophy afresh to newcomers. (Mr. Holiday is one of the authors of “The Daily Stoic,” a daily meditation book for the barefoot-running and bowhunting crowd.)Then there are the founders who may not call themselves Stoics, but who are practicing some of its tenets. They include Jack Dorsey, the C.E.O. of Twitter, who likes to walk five miles to work each day and meditates in silence 10 days each year. He recently discussed “D.I.Y. cold tubs” and “one meal a day” in a podcast taping with Ben Greenfield, who evangelizes about health.ImageCreditPhoto Illustration by Tracy Ma/The New York TimesWhy are they attracted to Stoicism?Ada Palmer is a professor of early modern history at the University of Chicago and a novelist. Her books are popular in Silicon Valley, and she often visits for dinners with tech workers. “It’s very interesting to see their sort of sad lethargy,” Dr. Palmer said. “When you’re 37, rich, retired and unhappy, it’s very perplexing.”To her, it makes sense that they then turn to Stoicism. She called Stoicism “a wonderful therapy against grief and the blinders of the rat race.”“So much of Stoicism is about achieving interior tranquillity,” she said. That works for business leaders. Other schools of thought during Stoicism’s ancient rise had warned that politics and the pursuit of wealth would lead only to stress and risk, Dr. Palmer said, and some encouraged retiring from active life and even renouncing property. But Stoicism did not. Instead, Stoics believed that everything in the universe is already perfect and that things that seem bad or unjust are secretly good underneath. The philosophy is handy if you already believe that the rich are meant to be rich and the poor meant to be poor.“The new popularity of Stoicism among the tech crowd is, in my view, strikingly similar to Stoicism’s popularity among the powerful elites of ancient Rome,” Dr. Palmer said. “As Rome took over, it surged in popularity because it was the one system of ethics that worked well for the rich and powerful.”Why does it matter?The Cicero Institute comes at a time of tension in Silicon Valley, from a person with a complicated history there.Joe Lonsdale, who founded the institute along with his wife, Taylor, is also a founder of Palantir, the data analytics firm long mired in controversy for its work supporting surveillance and predictive policing. In 2015 The New York Times Magazine reported on his relationship with an undergraduate mentee, who accused him of sexual abuse. He denied the charges. (The student sued him, he countersued, the suits were withdrawn; Stanford banned him from campus but then reversed that decision.) Mr. Lonsdale became friends with Peter Thiel at Stanford and, like Mr. Thiel, has spoken out against “social justice warriors.”Public anger about big tech is growing, and political leaders are beginning to take note. The Cicero Institute promises to fight for the business opportunities of entrepreneurs by focusing on deregulation, with special attention paid to making it easier to build start-ups around prisons, health care and education. Mr. Lonsdale proposes that “private prison contracts tie financial incentives to performance measures,” for instance. Cicero, for his part, retired, but then re-entered the ancient political arena when he saw rising corruption. He was ultimately killed for it. Of the institute’s mascot, Dr. Palmer said: “They’ve chosen the one who comes out of inaction when there’s a crisis to try to prevent a coup.” JERUSALEM — The team behind the Israeli spacecraft that crashed into the moon moments before touchdown was working Friday to try and piece together what derailed the ambitious mission, which sought to make history as the first privately funded lunar landing.SpaceIL, the start-up that worked for over eight years to get the spacecraft off the ground, revealed that a technical glitch triggered a "chain of events" that caused the spacecraft's engine to malfunction Thursday just 14 kilometers (8.7 miles) above the moon, making it "impossible to stop the spacecraft's velocity." The main engine managed to restart soon after, but it was too late: the lander was on a collision course with the moon at 500 kilometers (310.7 miles) per hour. Radio signals from the spacecraft flat-lined as the scheduled touchdown time came and went, leading engineers to assume that the small spacecraft was scattered in pieces after slamming into the landing site.The crew said it would conduct comprehensive tests next week to better understand what happened.Had the mission succeeded, it would have made Israel the fourth nation to pull off a lunar landing--a feat only accomplished by the national space agencies of the U.S., Russia and China.The failure was a disappointing end to a lunar voyage of 6.5 million kilometers (4 million miles), almost unprecedented in length and designed to conserve fuel and reduce price. The spacecraft hitched a ride on a SpaceX rocket launched from Florida in February.For the past two months, the lander, dubbed Beresheet, Hebrew for "In the Beginning," traveled around the Earth several times before entering lunar orbit -- a first for a privately funded lander. Israel can count itself among seven nations that have successfully orbited the moon.Although the crash dashed the hopes of engineers and enthusiasts around the world that had been rooting for the scrappy spacecraft's safe arrival, the team emphasized that the mission was still a success for reaching the moon and coming so close to landing successfully.Beresheet was about the size of a washing machine. It cost $100 million -- more than the entrepreneurs had hoped to spend, but far less than a government-funded spacecraft.After getting its start in the Google Lunar XPrize Competition, which ultimately ended last year without a winner, Beresheet's lunar voyage gained momentum over the years, coming to be seen as test of Israel's technological prowess and potential key to global respect."Israel made it to the moon, and Beresheet's journey hasn't ended," said Israeli billionaire Morris Kahn, one of the project's major sponsors. "I expect Israel's next generation to complete the mission for us."WASHINGTON — Ivanka Trump, the president’s eldest daughter and senior adviser, will play a role in helping to select the next head of the World Bank, the White House said Monday.Ms. Trump, who had been rumored to be a contender for the position herself, will not be a candidate, a Trump administration official said. But she will assist the Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, and the acting White House chief of staff, Mick Mulvaney, in choosing a successor to Jim Yong Kim, the current president of the World Bank who announced last week he would be stepping down.Mr. Mnuchin called Ms. Trump last week and asked her if she would be involved, an administration official said.Jessica Ditto, a White House spokeswoman, said Ms. Trump was asked because “she’s worked closely with the World Bank’s leadership for the past two years.”Administration officials are expected to begin the interview process for the job, which has always gone to an American, on Tuesday. The White House did not provide any names of contenders, but the official noted that one person whose name has been floated — Nikki R. Haley, the former United Nations ambassador — was not a candidate.Ms. Trump, Mr. Mnuchin and Mr. Mulvaney will make recommendations to President Trump, who will nominate a candidate for the position. Member countries of the World Bank will then vote on the nominee.Traditionally, the American president’s pick is accepted and Europe chooses the leader of the International Monetary Fund because both institutions were founded during World War II. Mr. Kim, for instance, a former Dartmouth College president and a global health expert, was selected for the post by President Barack Obama in 2012.Ms. Trump is seen inside the White House as having unique sway over her father, especially when it comes to personnel decisions. In a speech on Monday in front of a farm convention in New Orleans, Mr. Trump even conceded that it was Ms. Trump’s constant nagging that pushed him to support a child care tax credit in the tax bill passed last year. “Dad, Dad, we have to get it passed,” Mr. Trump said, mimicking his daughter’s successful pressure campaign.In explaining Ms. Trump’s qualifications for participating in the selection process, the administration official cited both Ms. Trump’s close relationship with Mr. Mnuchin as well as her work with Mr. Kim.Last year, for instance, she helped start the Women Entrepreneurs Finance Initiative, a fund administered by the World Bank and branded “We-Fi,” at the Group of 20 conference in Hamburg, Germany. The goal of the fund, which Ms. Trump is credited with envisioning, is to generate $1.6 billion in capital for female entrepreneurs in developing countries.Ms. Trump’s involvement with the World Bank has drawn criticism in the past. Senator Benjamin L. Cardin, Democrat of Maryland, sent a letter last year to Mr. Mnuchin raising questions about her role with the fund, given that her eponymous women’s apparel and accessories brand could stand to benefit from its work. Since then, however, Ms. Trump has shut down her clothing line.But Richard W. Painter, who served as chief ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush, still questioned Ms. Trump’s involvement, noting that she holds trademarks around the world, even if she has shut down her brand. He said he had similar doubts about her husband, Jared Kushner, also a senior White House adviser.“I do not believe that Ivanka and Jared have sufficiently divested their assets that they can participate personally and substantially in economic policy — particularly international economic matters — without risk of violating financial conflict of interest laws,” he said.Shao Chunyou exemplifies the Chinese dream. Over three decades, he rose from an assembly line worker to an electronics business owner, following China’s rise from an economic backwater to the world’s No. 2 economy. He now owns two factories and employs over 2,000 workers.Now, as China changes, Mr. Shao must reinvent himself again.Fast growth is fading. Competition has intensified. And in a country sometimes called the world’s factory floor, it sometimes seems as if nobody wants to work in a factory anymore.“There were more workers and fewer factories then,” Mr. Shao said, referring to the old days. “Now we have to beg workers.”China’s economy is slowing, yes, and government policies have made business tougher for many. But there are bigger, broader forces at work challenging the entrepreneurs like Mr. Shao who lifted China out of poverty.China has moved up the value chain, and its people have moved up along with it. They want higher wages and a better life. China is no longer the world’s cheap factory. The country must now embrace high-value manufacturing, automation and innovation if it hopes to keep growing at a steady clip. Success depends on the ability of people like Mr. Shao to pivot away from their traditional business methods.Mr. Shao’s pivot won’t be easy or cheap. He is replacing people with robots. He is making more sophisticated gadgets that could flummox copycats but could also be disastrously expensive if they fail. And in a shift for a businessman who prides himself on doing it alone, he is for the first time accepting direct government help. “Doing business is like releasing the arrow from a bow,” said Yu Youfu, Mr. Shao’s wife. “Once it’s in motion, there’s no way to turn it back.”Everybody calls Mr. Shao “boss,” even his wife. A portly man with a poof of hair that invites comparison to the American president’s, Mr. Shao owns an electronics company called Quankang. Ms. Yu, a slender, intense woman, oversees factory operations, finance and administration. Their 27-year-old son, Shao Qiang, heads Quankang’s new research and development department. The company traditionally made parts for smartphones and other gadgets, though it is now setting its sights higher. The family is defined by its factories. For years, the couple slept in their office next to the factory, and Ms. Yu still crashes there from time to time even though their spacious apartment is a 15-minute drive away.“I sleep better with the noise of the machines,” she said. “If they’re noisy, it means they’re functioning.”Mr. Shao was born in Jiujiang, a medium-size city in China’s interior. At 16, he became an apprentice carpenter, making roughly 60 cents a day, barely enough to feed himself.In 1989, the same year the authorities gunned down protesters in Tiananmen Square, Mr. Shao, then 20, went south. Deng Xiaoping, then China’s paramount leader, had opened special economic zones — essentially areas where entrepreneurs could start businesses and court foreign investors — in southern cities like Shenzhen and Zhuhai. The newly built factories there were hiring.Mr. Shao left home with about $5 in his pocket. Highways and high-speed trains didn’t crisscross China as they do now. He had to take a one-hour bus ride to the provincial capital, then a 15-hour train ride.“The trains were always packed, like the ones shipping pigs,” he said.It wasn’t easy to find a job, without which Mr. Shao couldn’t get permission to live in Shenzhen. Whenever the authorities raided dormitories looking for trespassers, he and others would hide overnight in a nearby cemetery.He finally found a job as an apprentice, making much less than $1 a day. Working overtime earned him a few cents more per hour. Within three years, he was promoted to supervisor and was making roughly $375 a month. Ms. Yu, also from Jiujiang, joined him in Shenzhen with Shao Qiang, then 2 months old. “I would work from 8 a.m. till 11 p.m. or even midnight.” Mr. Shao said. “We all wanted to earn the overtime pay. Nobody complained.”In 2004, Mr. Shao started a small metal-molding company while working at his day job. Ms. Yu dealt with clients and managed the books. They called the company Quankang, which can mean “all healthy” or “all good.” They sent their son back home to be raised by his grandparents, as many migrant workers in China had done. Two years later, they moved from Shenzhen to neighboring Dongguan, a city of cheap factory buildings.Government and state-owned banks typically didn’t help small business owners like Mr. Shao and Ms. Yu, and they struggled at first. They once turned away a big customer because they didn’t have the cash to buy the materials. To win over another customer, they rented a huge metalworking machine and moved it into their factory overnight to show the client who visited in the morning that they could do the work. They got the order.They started by making metal parts for MP3 players, then cellphone casings. They spent $13,000 of their savings on a polishing machine, a fortune for most Chinese at the time.“My heart was filled with trepidation,” Mr. Shao said. “If we failed, we would lose everything.”They didn’t fail. Helped by China’s surging growth, they became part of a vast web of suppliers that has helped China dominate the business of manufacturing electronics. But as China began to mature, business got tougher. Competitors emerged. Pricing became brutal. Mr. Shao and Ms. Yu found they had to evolve or die.In 2015, the couple started working with Chinese manufacturers like Xiaomi and Huawei to make key metal parts for their headsets as smartphone sales took off. They took out millions of dollars in bank loans and invested in 120 tooling machines. The bet paid off until the competition became too fierce that they began considering harder-to-replicate products, such as appliances.“In China, once you have a product that sells well, many companies will rush in to make the same thing,” Mr. Shao said.The biggest problem the couple and many other Chinese manufacturers face is the growing cost of labor and increasingly scarce workers.Mr. Shao and Ms. Yu paid their workers about 1,000 renminbi a month in 2004, or about $150 at current exchange rates. Now pay is at least five times that, and can go as high as eight times that.Like most factories Quankang also provides housing and meals. It used to pay four types of social benefits. Now it pays six. The couple know they are lucky to have survived. After the financial crisis, many multinational manufacturers in Dongguan moved their factories to lower-cost countries like Vietnam. Many of the couple’s friends and competitors closed their factories.Over lunch recently, Ms. Yu shook her head as she told her husband that a nearby electronic component factory that hired 7,000 workers at its peak had just filed for bankruptcy. In 2017, they came up with an ambitious survival plan: Move, climb the value chain and automate.Quankang is working with Xiaomi to design and make smart home appliances such as space heaters and electric fans. Mr. Shao and Ms. Yu plan to build three fully automated assembly lines. The first is expected to be running by March. And for the first time, Quankang is accepting direct government support. Mr. Shao’s modernization campaign will happen on more than 30 acres far away from Dongguan, in neighboring Hunan Province. The local government there is giving Quankang the land almost free of charge. The local government of Yanling County is more interested in tax revenue and job creation than revenue from land sales, Mr. Shao said. So far, he has spent nearly $12 million on the Hunan plant.China’s boom started when the Communist Party unleashed the country’s entrepreneurs and largely left them alone. This next stage of growth may not be so easy. To help it along, the central government is spending vast amounts to upgrade manufacturing. Local officials in less developed provinces are trying to lure companies to replicate southern China’s economic miracle. It proves appealing to entrepreneurs like Mr. Shao and Ms. Yu, who are desperate to find a new niche to survive and thrive. “The business of our factories isn’t as good as before,” Ms. Yu said. “But since we’ve been doing this, we’ll keep charging ahead because behind us it’s a precipice. We’ll fall if we step back.”(Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc Chief Executive Jeff Bezos on Thursday challenged retailers to hike their minimum wages to $16 an hour, prompting a comeback from Walmart Inc which asked its rivals to pay taxes."Today I challenge our top retail competitors (you know who you are!) to match our employee benefits and our $15 minimum wage," the billionaire entrepreneur said in a letter to shareholders."Do it! Better yet, go to $16 and throw the gauntlet back at us."The online retailer raised its minimum wage to $15 per hour for U.S. employees from November, giving in to critics of poor pay and working conditions at the company.Some critics have said the hike was insufficient and note that Amazon paid zero U.S. federal income tax on more than $11 billion in profits before taxes in 2018, and received a $129 million tax rebate from the federal government.Walmart's executive vice president of corporate affairs, Dan Bartlett, responded to Bezos by tweeting, "Hey retail competitors out there (you know who you are) how about paying your taxes?"Walmart, which has raised its minimum wage twice since 2015, pays an entry wage of $11 per hour. CEO Doug McMillon has said Walmart's average U.S. hourly wage is $17.50 including bonuses based on store performance, and excluding healthcare benefits.The two retailers, which are fierce rivals, rarely go after one another other publicly.Amazon's wage hike came as U.S. unemployment was at a near two-decade low, with retailers and shippers competing for hundreds of thousands of workers for the all-important holiday shopping season.Bezos said in his letter that the wage hike has benefited more than 250,000 Amazon employees and over 100,000 seasonal employees who worked during the last holiday season at Amazon sites in the United States. Amazon's third party sales in 2018 accounted for 58 percent of total sales, up from 56 percent in 2017, Bezos said.Amazon has said that it pays all the required taxes in every country where it operates, including $2.6 billion in corporate tax and reporting $3.4 billion in tax expense over the last three years."Corporate tax is based on profits, not revenues, and our profits remain modest given retail is a highly competitive, low-margin business," according to recent Amazon statements. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Washington and Akanksha Rana in Bengaluru; Editing by Arun Koyyur and Richard Chang)A few years ago, Patrick Roche was working for an architectural firm in Manhattan and running a side hustle in bubble-ball soccer, a game during which players wear giant bubble suits and bump into each other, as he explained. That was fun. But his day job was stressful and exhausting. He wasn’t sleeping well. Mr. Roche wanted out of architecture, but bubble ball, he reckoned, was maybe not the most sustainable future. He had been reading self-help books on entrepreneurship and they all said the same thing: Just start something. Meanwhile, he was trying different remedies for his sleeplessness: meditation, reducing caffeine, exercise. The one he liked best was a weighted blanket — essentially, a really, really heavy comforter, freighted with glass or plastic beads, heretofore used most often to soothe autistic children and others with sensory processing disorders. Could selling them be the beginning of a business?Mr. Roche, 32, found a generic version on Alibaba, the Chinese online marketplace and customized it for a design-forward buyer by sheathing it in a gray cotton duvet cover. He named his creation and his new company, rocabi (pronounced “rock-a-bye”).By June of 2017 he had an online shingle, some basic Google ads and a place on Amazon. By 2018, rocabi was selling thousands for $199 and had branched out, just before Christmas, with a new item: the Boyfriend Blanket, made from shearling and denim, to mimic the look of a cozy jean jacket.Mr. Roche is hardly alone in his heavy-bedding endeavor. Weight may be the new thread count, as he and other newly minted makers of therapeutic comforters hope to turn the bedroom into a quasi-medical space, the latest iteration in the commodification of sleep. If the last chapter was largely about data and devices (sleep tracking, mostly), this one is all about the bed itself. About the same time Mr. Roche was having his aha moment, Kathrin Hamm, a German economist, was working at the World Bank, covering the Middle East from Dubai and traveling across multiple time zones. Like Mr. Roche, she was having trouble sleeping, and she, too, tried a weighted blanket as a remedy, an experience which also jolted her own inner entrepreneur. Could she make it more attractive, and not so hot? She raised close to $250,000 on Kickstarter and began selling the Sleeper, a crisp white duvet made from eucalyptus and weighted with sand, for $199. It sold so well she quit her job. Her friends thought she had lost her mind.“I come from a small town in Germany,” said Ms. Hamm, who is 36. “They knew I was an economist working for the World Bank. Now I’m trying to sell blankets on the internet. Something must be wrong.”Many of the new bedroom entrepreneurs are hoping to best the success of the Gravity Blanket, whose own Kickstarter campaign raised more than $4.7 million a couple of years ago. By the end of last year, sales of that fuzzy throw ($249) had reached $18 million, and Time magazine had named it one of the best inventions of 2018.With an ersatz-looking plush cover that recalls airline blankets, the Gravity Blanket has begged for competition. Late last year, Holden & Hay, a Colorado company that sells Merino wool bedding for babies and dogs, launched its own Kickstarter campaign to make “eco-conscious” weighted blankets printed with Native American motifs and stuffed with shredded “mom jeans.” And Ms. Hamm, whose company is named Bearaby (a neologism designed to evoke a bear hug and a lullaby, she said) now also sells the adorable, 20-pound Napper, a chunky knit throw in six colors ($249) that carries its weight in its yarn and would be right at home in a stylishly hygge setting. Heavy bedding and other compression items have resonated, metaphorically and psychologically, as transitional objects for a population under stress. People on Twitter have been lobbing weighted blanket jokes, like a poster who wondered if he or she could make a cheaper version by pouring concrete in a comforter and lighting it on fire. Last April, the maker of the ThunderShirt, a swaddling vest made for anxious dogs, mocked up a web page offering a ThunderShirt for humans with fake testimonials. The company’s call center was flooded with inquiries. “It was for April 1,” said one operator last week with studied patience. An Australian company has designed greeting cards for lovers that proclaim, “You are my favorite weighted blanket.”(It was late last year that the weighted blanket went from being an easy punch line to a woke parody, when a writer for the Atlantic wondered if the marketing of a product designed as a coping device for autistic people was appropriation. This generated all manner of retorts, the best of which came from a writer at Slate who is herself autistic.)Enter the Sleep Pod, a gray spandex cocoon ($110). Its inventor, Matt Mundt, 28, has a background in mechanical engineering and a resume that includes product development for Apple. He has long been a poor sleeper, he said recently, and when he gazed upon the sleep space, as entrepreneurs like to say, and saw that it was heavy with weighted blankets, he was moved to innovate. “I’m 6-foot-3 and I couldn’t bear them,” Mr. Mundt said. “I was overheating, my arms and legs were sticking out, the blankets were falling off the bed and it was just a mess. I have five patents. I knew I could do something better.” His solution was to make an 8-ounce pod from an elastic fabric that mimics, he said, the pressure of a weighted blanket but without the ballast, typically 10 percent of one’s body weight (most companies sell three versions, 15-, 20- and 25-pounders). It also solves the partner problem: each of you can sleep in his or her own pod as Mr. Mundt and his wife, Angie, do. The Sleep Pod was not a success in my own household: “Get it off now!” said my panicked roommate, kicking frantically. I thought it was perfectly cozy, if not particularly snug. This made it bearable, for my own sleep purposes, but perhaps not therapeutic, from a pressure standpoint. And deep pressure is the main ingredient in a weighted blanket, which may raise serotonin and melatonin levels, say the makers, citing various studies, and in turn reduce anxiety. Just maybe. When she was a child, Temple Grandin liked to crawl under the sofa cushions and have her sister lie on top. She hated human touch, but the sensation of being squashed under the pillows soothed her. At 18, she built her first “squeeze machine,” a large, viselike device made from plywood, foam padding and even a bit of fake fur. She used it to quell her own anxiety and also acclimate herself to the touch of other creatures. Dr. Grandin, the autistic professor of animal science made famous by Oliver Sacks for her stress-reducing innovations for handling livestock, notes on her website that after a while, her cat no longer ran away from her. “I had to be comforted myself before I could give comfort to the cat,” she writes. One frigid afternoon when the Polar Vortex was in town, I dragged the Boyfriend Blanket onto the sofa, furry side up. I put myself and the cat on top, and wrestled the Napper into place over my shins. (Ms. Hamm, who had worked with a sleep scientist in her development process, said that he had suggested knee-level forays to get used to the weight.) Thus encumbered, the cat and I passed out. MOSCOW — Russian investigators have asked a court in Moscow to free detained U.S. investor Michael Calvey from custody at a hearing later this week and to place him under house arrest instead, the court said on Wednesday. The detention in February of Calvey, founder of the Baring Vostok private equity group, on embezzlement charges which he denies, has rattled some foreign investors and politicians in Russia, who said it had a chilling effect on the business climate. Russian courts agree in most cases with prosecutors' recommendations about whether suspects should be detained before trial, so there is a strong possibility Calvey will be allowed out of jail on Thursday. The court said in a statement that investigators had submitted documents ahead of court hearings on Thursday in which they asked for Calvey and another detained suspect, Alexey Kordichev, to be put under house arrest. That is a U-turn by investigators, who brought the charges against Calvey and his co-accused and had initially asked the court to hold them in detention pending trial. They are in a pre-trial detention facility in Moscow. "We also look forward to similar (calls) being made regarding Michael and Alexey's four colleagues," Baring Vostok said in a statement welcoming the move by investigators. Calvey, who was detained along with several other executives, has said the case is being used to apply pressure on him in a business dispute over a Russian bank in which he is a shareholder.Moscow's Basmanny district court on Tuesday extended by three months the detention of another suspect in the case, French national Philippe Delpal, at the request of prosecutors. A hearing is scheduled for Thursday at the same court to decide on whether Calvey's detention should be extended.Several prominent Russian businessmen and officials have said that locking Calvey up in pre-trial detention was an unnecessarily tough measure and that his treatment by authorities was too harsh."The investment and business communities welcome the call by the Investigative Committee...to ease the restrictive measures against... Michael Calvey," Kirill Dmitriev, head of Russia's sovereign wealth fund, said. Boris Titov, presidential commissioner for entrepreneurs' rights, said last month that he and other business associations were working to try to get Calvey freed on bail.The Kremlin has said President Vladimir Putin does not plan to intervene in the case and that investigators should be allowed to do their job. (Additional reporting by Maria Kiselyova, Gabrielle Tétrault-Farber and Andrey Ostroukh; Editing by Christian Lowe)WASHINGTON — The U.S. securities watchdog's request that a federal judge hold Tesla Inc Chief Executive Elon Musk in contempt over the billionaire entrepreneur's use of Twitter was "reasonable," said a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission official on Monday.SEC Commissioner Robert Jackson, a Democrat, told reporters at a conference in Washington that the SEC was reasonable in suggesting greater oversight of Musk's communications, including the threat of new fines if he backslides. "The idea (is) that we would have future oversight to prevent future problems from recurring," Jackson said.The SEC had asked U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan to hold Musk in contempt over a Feb. 19 tweet in which the agency said he had improperly posted material information about Tesla's vehicle production outlook without seeking approval from its lawyers.In a Friday order, the judge gave both sides until April 18 to reach a resolution. If they do not, the judge said she would decide whether to hold Musk in contempt. If he is held in contempt, the judge would allow discussions on possible sanctions. "I understand those who are skeptical and who feel that it's innovative relief – to me it was important relief and I thought enforcement took very reasonable steps, both to the nature of the relief and our oversight of that relief," added Jackson of the judge's order. The SEC, which had sued Tesla, asked the company in September to consider removing Musk. The CEO agreed to step down as Tesla's chairman in an agreement that also required preapproval of Musk's written communications that could be material to the company, such as volumes of cars produced or other information likely to change the value of its securities. In a statement by Tesla on Thursday, Musk said "the tweet in question was true, immaterial to shareholders, and in no way a violation of my agreement."The SEC said the first of the Feb. 19 tweets conflicted with Tesla's Jan. 30 outlook, when it targeted annualized Model 3 production exceeding 500,000 as soon as the fourth quarter, and projected 360,000 to 400,000 vehicle deliveries this year. At the time the SEC also said Musk had violated their agreement by sending a tweet that had not been vetted by Tesla's lawyers and he should be held in contempt. It did not say what penalties it wanted imposed, raising the question of whether it would again seek his removal or propose less drastic measures. (Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn and Katanga Johnson; Editing by Richard Chang)TEL AVIV — An Israeli entrepreneur went the extra mile to vote in Tuesday's parliamentary election - 7,401 of them (11,910 km), to be precise.Offir Gutelzon said he and at least 100 other expatriates flew back from the San Francisco Bay Area to make their mark in the heated contest between veteran conservative Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's Likud party and a variety of center-left challengers. The result was, however, a mixed bag for Gutelzon, a 44-year-old tech CEO who lives in Silicon Valley.Exit polls gave Likud's main rival, the Blue and White party led by former General Benny Gantz the lead. Netanyahu nevertheless still stood a better chance to form the next coalition government.And the left-wing opposition Labour party Gutelzon voted for was poised to shrink by nearly two-thirds to seven members in the 120-strong parliament, according to exit polls. "I seem to be optimistic that the total vote for the center-left seems to be good. It is pretty exciting. We worked really hard to make (the) change," Gutelzon said, speaking at the Labour party's campaign headquarters in Tel Aviv.Israel does not allow absentee ballots, but any citizen can cast a vote within the country, even if his or her home is elsewhere. Gutelzon said that his identity as an Israeli abroad, and discomfort with Netanyahu's policies, motivated his long trip."We've seen over the last four years more and more extremist points of view coming to Israel from [the] right," Gutelzon said.A looming graft indictment against Netanyahu has "made it much harder to be an ambassador" for Israel, he added.Netanyahu has denied wrongdoing in the corruption scandal and taken credit for Israel's booming international start-up scene.Gutelzon, who stayed abroad during three previous elections, co-founded a Facebook group called "Israelis in the Valley Go to Vote" to bring others in with him this time around. The group has several hundred members.Any success Gutelzon might have had in drumming up expatriate votes might also be explained by the fact that this election comes 10 days before the Jewish festival of Passover, a time of homecoming for many Israelis. "We came to visit for Passover, and along the way, we'll vote," said Roi Zaltzman, a 40-year-old realtor who lives in Denmark, after he flew in to Tel Aviv's Ben Gurion Airport. (Reporting by Rami Ayyub; Editing by Tom Brown)In what the Justice Department called its largest ever college admissions prosecution, federal authorities charged 50 people on Tuesday with taking part in a nationwide scheme to game the admissions process at highly competitive schools like Yale and the University of Southern California. [The college admissions scandal has raised a lot of questions. We’ve answered them here.]Those charged include wealthy and powerful parents accused of paying millions of dollars in bribes, exam administrators and athletic coaches accused of manufacturing students’ achievements, and private admissions counselors accused of coordinating it all. The EnterpriseAt the center of the scandal are the Edge College & Career Network, also known as the Key, and a nonprofit organization, the Key Worldwide Foundation, that prosecutors say effectively were a single enterprise. They are accused of helping students cheat on standardized tests, and paying bribes to athletic coaches who could get the students into college using fake athletic credentials. [Read more on the Justice Department’s largest ever college admissions prosecution.]William Singer, also known as Rick Singer, owner of the Edge College & Career Network, and chief executive of the Key Worldwide FoundationSteven Masera, an accountant and financial officer for the two entitiesMikaela Sanford, an employee who held several roles and is accused of taking classes for high school students[Read more about how the F.B.I. says parents cheated to get their children into elite colleges.]The ParentsFederal prosecutors accused dozens of parents of paying millions of dollars in bribes to help their children secure spots at prestigious American universities. Gamal Abdelaziz, a senior executive of a resort and casino operatorGregory and Marcia Abbott. Gregory is the founder and chairman of a packaging company for the food and beverage industry, and the former head of a private-label clothing manufacturerDiane Blake, an executive at a retail merchandising firm, and Todd Blake, entrepreneur and investorJane Buckingham, chief executive of a boutique marketing companyGordon Caplan, a lawyer and a co-chairman of the international law firm Willkie Farr & GallagherI-Hsin “Joey” Chen, a provider of warehousing and related services for the shipping industryAmy and Gregory Colburn. Gregory is a physician.Robert Flaxman, chief executive of a Los Angeles-based real estate development firmMossimo Giannulli, fashion designer, and Lori Loughlin, actressElizabeth and Manuel Henriquez. Manuel was the founder, chairman and chief executive of Hercules Capital. Douglas Hodge, former chief executive of Pimco, one of the world’s biggest bond fund managersFelicity Huffman, actressAgustin Huneeus, owner of vineyards in Napa, Calif.Bruce and Davina Isackson. Bruce is the president of a real estate development firm.Michelle Janavs, a former executive of a food manufacturerElisabeth Kimmel, owner of a media companyMarjorie Klapper, co-owner of a jewelry business Toby MacFarlane, a former senior executive at a title insurance companyWilliam E. McGlashan Jr., a senior executive at TPG, one of the world’s biggest private equity firmsMarci Palatella, chief executive of a liquor distributorPeter Jan “P.J.” Sartorio, a packaged-food entrepreneurStephen Semprevivo, an executive at Cydcor, an outsourcing company David Sidoo, president and chief executive of Advantage Lithium Corp., a lithium explorer and developer, and an executive at East West Petroleum Corp., an oil and gas company. Both are based in Canada. Devin Sloane, founder and chief executive of Aquatecture, a drinking water and wastewater systems businessJohn Wilson, founder and chief executive of a private-equity and real estate development firmHomayoun Zadeh, an associate professor of dentistry at U.S.C.Robert Zangrillo, founder and chief executive of a Miami-based venture capital and real estate firmThe Athletic CoachesAthletic coaches from top colleges were also implicated and accused of accepting millions of dollars to help students gain admission.Michael Center, head coach of men’s tennis at University of Texas at Austin Gordon Ernst, former head coach of men’s and women’s tennis at GeorgetownWilliam Ferguson, women’s volleyball coach at Wake ForestDonna Heinel, senior associate athletic director at U.S.C.Laura Janke, former assistant coach of women’s soccer at U.S.C.Ali Khosroshahin, former head coach of women’s soccer at U.S.C.Rudolph Meredith, former head coach of women’s soccer at YaleJorge Salcedo, former head coach of men’s soccer at University of California, Los AngelesJohn Vandemoer, former sailing coach at StanfordJovan Vavic, former water polo coach at U.S.C.The Other PlayersTeachers, test administrators and private instructors are named as co-conspirators in the federal charging documents. Igor Dvorskiy, test administrator for the College Board and AC.T., accused of accepting bribes to facilitate the cheating scheme at the West Hollywood Test CenterNiki Williams, assistant teacher at a public high school in Houston and a test administrator for the College Board and AC.T. who is accused of accepting bribesMark Riddell, a test proctor accused of tampering with students’ test papers to improve scores, and of secretly taking exams in place of studentsMartin Fox, president of a private tennis academy and camp in Houston, accused of acting as a middleman for bribe paymentsPatti Cohen, Susan Beachy, Matthew Goldstein and Tiffany Hsu contributed reporting.Good Friday morning. Here are some of the stories making news in Washington and politics today._____________________• The Senate voted to overturn President Trump’s national emergency declaration at the southwest border, delivering a bipartisan rebuke for what lawmakers in both parties deemed executive overreach. The 59-41 vote on the House-passed measure sets up the first veto of Mr. Trump’s presidency.• House Republicans joined Democrats to demand that the Justice Department publicly release the full findings of Robert Mueller’s investigation into Russia’s interference in the 2016 election and the possible involvement of Mr. Trump’s campaign.• Three votes in Congress this week — rebuking Mr. Trump over Saudi Arabia, blocking his national emergency declaration and demanding a public release of the Mueller report — demonstrated a newfound willingness among some of Mr. Trump’s Republican allies to stand up to him.• Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has been personally pushing China to give the American film industry greater access to its markets. That has raised ethical questions, given his ties to Hollywood.• Mr. Mnuchin signaled that he would block a congressional request to obtain Mr. Trump’s tax returns on privacy grounds, setting up a potential legal battle if Democrats follow through.• New evidence suggests that Russian spies used networks run by Aleksej Gubarev, a tech entrepreneur, to hack the Democratic Party in 2016 — much as the so-called Steele dossier, which purported to detail Russian interference in the election, alleged.• Facing billions of dollars in cleanup costs, the Pentagon is pushing the Trump administration to adopt a weaker standard for groundwater pollution caused by chemicals that have commonly been used at military bases.• Afghanistan’s national security adviser accused the American special envoy of seeking personal benefit by sidelining the Afghan government in peace talks with the Taliban, “increasing the legitimacy of the Taliban” and “decreasing the legitimacy of the Afghan government.”_____________________Today’s On Politics briefing was compiled by Isabella Grullón Paz in New York.Were you forwarded this newsletter? Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox.Is there anything you think we’re missing? Anything you want to see more of? We’d love to hear from you. Email us at onpolitics@nytimes.com.On a sunny Saturday morning in New York a few months ago, a group of 50 start-up founders gathered in the dank basement of a Lower East Side bar. They scribbled notes at long tables, sipping coffee and LaCroix while a stack of pizza boxes emanated the odor of hot garlic. One by one, they gave testimonials taking aim at something nearly sacred in the technology industry: venture capital.Josh Haas, the co-founder of Bubble, a software-writing start-up, told the group that he and venture capitalists “were pretty much totally on different wavelengths” about the trajectory of his business.Seph Skerritt, the founder of Proper Cloth, a clothing company, said that the hype around raising money was a trap. “They try to make you feel inferior if you’re not playing that game,” he said.The event had been organized by Frank Denbow, 33, a fixture of New York’s tech scene and the founder of T-shirt start-up Inka.io, to bring together start-up founders who have begun to question the investment framework that has supercharged their field. By encouraging companies to expand too quickly, Mr. Denbow said, venture capital can make them “accelerate straight into the ground.”The V.C. business model, on which much of the modern tech industry was built, is simple: Start-ups raise piles of money from investors, and then use the cash to grow aggressively — faster than the competition, faster than regulators, faster than most normal businesses would consider sane. Larger and larger rounds of funding follow.The end goal is to sell or go public, producing astonishing returns for early investors. The setup has spawned household names like Facebook, Google and Uber, as well as hundreds of other so-called unicorn companies valued at more than $1 billion.But for every unicorn, there are countless other start-ups that grew too fast, burned through investors’ money and died — possibly unnecessarily. Start-up business plans are designed for the rosiest possible outcome, and the money intensifies both successes and failures. Social media is littered with tales of companies that withered under the pressure of hypergrowth, were crushed by so-called “toxic V.C.s” or were forced to raise too much venture capital — something known as the “foie gras effect.”Now a counter movement, led by entrepreneurs who are jaded by the traditional playbook, is rejecting that model. While still a small part of the start-up community, these founders have become more vocal in the last year as they connect venture capitalists’ insatiable appetite for growth to the tech industry’s myriad crises.Would Facebook’s leadership have ignored warning signs of Russian election meddling or allowed its platform to incite racial violence if it hadn’t, in its early days, prized moving fast and breaking things? Would Uber have engaged in dubious regulatory and legal strategies if it hadn’t prioritized expansion over all else? Would the tech industry be struggling with gender and race discrimination if the investors funding it were a little less homogeneous?“The tool of venture capital is so specific to a tiny, tiny fraction of companies. We can’t let ourselves be fooled into thinking that’s the story of the future of American entrepreneurship,” said Mara Zepeda, a 38-year-old entrepreneur who in 2017 helped start an advocacy organization called Zebras Unite. Its members include start-up founders, investors and foundations focused on encouraging a more ethical industry with greater gender and racial diversity. The group now has 40 chapters and 1,200 members around the world.“The more we believe that myth, the more we overlook tremendous opportunities,” Ms. Zepeda said in an interview.Some of the groups are rejecting venture capital because they’ve been excluded from the traditional V.C. networks. Aniyia Williams, who started the nonprofit Black & Brown Founders, said a venture-funded system that encourages many failures for every one success is particularly unfair to black, latinx and women founders who “are rarely afforded the opportunity to fail, period.” Members of these organizations, she added, see more value when whole groups in their communities thrive, rather than venture’s winner-take-all model.Other founders have decided the expectations that come with accepting venture capital aren’t worth it. Venture investing is a high-stakes game in which companies are typically either wild successes or near total failures.“Big problems have occurred when you have founders who have unwillingly or unknowingly signed on for an outcome they didn’t know they were signing on for,” said Josh Kopelman, a venture investor at First Round Capital, an early backer of Uber, Warby Parker and Ring.He said he was happy that companies were embracing alternatives to venture capital. “I sell jet fuel,” he said, “and some people don’t want to build a jet.”Right now, that jet fuel seems unlimited. Venture capital investments into United States-based companies ballooned to $99.5 billion in 2018, the highest level since 2000, according to CB Insights, a data provider. And the investments have expanded beyond software and hardware into anything that is tech-adjacent — dog walking, health care, coffee shops, farming, electric toothbrushes.But people like Sandra Oh Lin, the chief executive of KiwiCo, a seller of children’s activity kits, say that more money isn’t necessary. Ms. Oh Lin raised a little over $10 million in venture funding between 2012 and 2014, but she is now rebuffing offers of more just as her company has hit on a product people want — the very moment when investors would love to pour more gas on the fire. KiwiCo is profitable and had nearly $100 million in sales in 2018, a 65 percent increase over the prior year, Ms. Oh Lin said.“We are aggressive about growth, but we are not a company that chases growth at all costs,” Ms. Oh Lin said. “We want to build a company that lasts.”Entrepreneurs are even finding ways to undo money they took from venture capital funds. Wistia, a video software company, used debt to buy out its investors last summer, declaring a desire to pursue sustainable, profitable growth. Buffer, a social media-focused software company, used its profits to do the same in August. Afterward, Joel Gascoigne, its co-founder and chief executive, received more than 100 emails from other founders who were inspired — or jealous.“The V.C. path forces you into this binary outcome of acquisition or I.P.O., or pretty much bust,” Mr. Gascoigne said. “People are starting to question that.”Who dares question the hoodieVenture capital wasn’t always the default way to grow a company. But in the last decade, its gospel of technological disruption has infiltrated every corner of the business world. Old-line companies from Campbell Soup to General Electric started venture operations and accelerator programs to foster innovation. Sprint and UBS hired WeWork to make their offices more start-up-like.At the same time, start-up culture — hoodies and all — entered the mainstream on the back of celebrity investors like Ashton Kutcher, TV shows like “Shark Tank” and movies like “The Social Network.” Few questioned the Silicon Valley model for creating the next Google, Facebook or Uber.Those who tried to buck the conventional method experienced harsh trade-offs. Bank loans are typically small, and banks are reluctant to lend money to software companies, which have no hard assets to use as collateral. Founders who eschew venture capital often wind up leaning on their life savings or credit cards.Jessica Rovello and Kenny Rosenblatt, the entrepreneurs behind Arkadium, a gaming start-up founded in 2001, initially avoided raising venture money. It took four years before the business earned enough to pay them a salary. The sacrifices were “very real and very intense,” Ms. Rovello said. Nevertheless, the business grew steadily and profitably to 150 employees.By 2013, though, as investors poured capital into some rivals, the lure of easy money became too tempting to pass up, and the company raised $5 million. Tensions ensued as Arkadium’s investors expected the company to continue raising money with the goal of selling or going public. Ms. Rovello wanted to keep running the company profitably, growing revenue at 20 percent per year and developing a new product that could take years to pay off.In September, Arkadium used its profits to buy out the investors, allowing the company to remain independent and grow on its own terms. Ms. Rovello said she had no regrets about stepping off the venture-funded path.“If your end game is having a business that you love and continuing to thrive and making careers for people,” she said, “then I’m winning.”New kinds of capitalIn September, Tyler Tringas, a 33-year-old entrepreneur based in Rio, announced plans to offer a different kind of start-up financing, in the form of equity investments that companies can repay as a percent of their profits. Mr. Tringas said his firm, Earnest Capital, will have $6 million to invest in 10 to 12 companies per year.Hundreds of emails have poured in since the announcement, Mr. Tringas said in an interview. “They’re almost entirely from people who assumed there was no form of capital that matched any version of their expectations,” he said.Earnest Capital joins a growing list of firms, including Lighter Capital, Purpose Ventures, TinySeed, Village Capital, Sheeo, XXcelerate Fund and Indie.vc, that offer founders different ways to obtain money. Many use variations of revenue- or profit-based loans. Those loans, though, are often available only to companies that already have a product to sell and an incoming cash stream.Other companies are inspired by the investor buyouts executed by Buffer, Wistia and Arkadium, and are asking investors to agree to similar deals — at potentially lower returns on their investments — in the future.Indie.vc, based in Salt Lake City and part of the investment firm O’Reilly AlphaTech Ventures, offers start-ups the option to buy back the firm’s shares as a portion of their total sales. That caps the firm’s return at three times its investment. In the typical venture capital model, the earnings for a home-run deal are limitless.When Indie.vc started three years ago, it saw two or three applications a week, mostly from venture capital rejects. Now it gets as many as 10 applications a week, mostly from companies that could raise venture capital but don’t want to, said Bryce Roberts, the firm’s founder.“We think there is going to be a tsunami of entrepreneurs who have experienced the one-size-fits-all venture model and want to cherry-pick the pieces of it that work for them,” Mr. Roberts said.Some venture capitalists have applauded the shift; their style of high-risk investing is not right for many companies. In a recent blog post, Founder Collective, a firm that has invested in Uber and BuzzFeed, praised Mr. Roberts’s offerings while warning founders of the dangers of traditional funding. “Venture capital isn’t bad, but it is dangerous,” the post reads. The firm created ominous warning labels and brochures to send to its companies.Privately, some venture capitalists have bemoaned the way they’re locked into rigid investment mandates with perverse incentives. “We heard from many investors who said, ‘I can’t say this publicly, but I’m in the machine and I know it’s broken, and I know there is a better way,’” Ms. Zepeda said.Others have dismissed the trend, according to Mr. Roberts. “It’s amazing how thin-skinned and threatened V.C.s tend to be around people who question their model,” he said.Even if venture capitalists ignore the companies rejecting their model, some of their investors — endowments, pension funds and mutual funds — are exploring ways to participate. The tech industry’s year of bad headlines has inspired some soul-searching.“I think we should, as investors, take seriously our role in driving some of these destabilizing forces in society,” said Rukaiyah Adams, chief investment officer at Meyer Memorial Trust, an investor in venture capital funds and nonprofits. “As one of the controllers of capital, I’m raising my hand and saying, ‘Wait a minute, let’s really think about this.’”Still, the new growth models represent a tiny percentage of the broader start-up funding market. And venture capitalists continue to aggressively pitch their wares — even to companies that aren’t interested.Notion, a collaboration software company based in San Francisco, has just nine employees and close to one million users, many of whom pay $8 a month. The company is handily profitable. Aside from a small seed round in 2013, it has avoided outside funding.Venture capitalists, desperate to get a piece of the company, have dug up Notion’s office address and sent its founders cookie dough, dog treats and physical letters, company executives said. Every few months, a new investor inevitably shows up unannounced at Notion’s gate.Notion’s ambitions are big — the company wants to replace Microsoft Office. But its executives don’t believe they need hundreds of millions of dollars in financing to do it, nor do they want the strings that come attached.“We’re not anti-V.C.,” said Akshay Kothari, the company’s chief operating officer. “We’re just thinking for ourselves, rather than for them or other peers.”PARIS — Plans by a major sporting goods company in France to sell a hijab designed for runners have incited yet another debate over what Muslim women wear, exposing once again the tensions between secularism and religion in the country.France’s longstanding attitudes toward feminism, secularism and the integration of immigrants are at the root of the many controversies, but they are also fueled by recent fears about Islamist terrorism, along with the rise of social media.The most recent debate centers on plans by Decathlon, Europe’s largest sporting goods retailer, to sell the hijab, which covers the wearer’s head and neck. Criticism quickly came from many quarters, with one lawmaker saying that the debate laid bare “this obsession around the veil and Islam.”What is the Decathlon controversy? Decathlon had started selling the sports hijab in Morocco last week and planned to do so in France. The move was quickly criticized on social media, and several politicians expressed discomfort about the product being sold in France. Some even suggested a boycott.“My choice as a woman and a citizen will be to no longer trust a brand that breaks with our values,” said Aurore Bergé, a spokeswoman for Republic on the Move, President Emmanuel Macron’s party. “Those who tolerate women in the public space only when they are hiding are not lovers of freedom.”Decathlon initially stood firm, arguing that it was focused on “democratizing” sports and that Muslim women often ran with “ill-adapted” hijabs.“Our goal is simple: to offer them a suitable sports product, without judging,” the company said in a statement on Twitter.It’s unclear why Decathlon became the focus of such criticism. Nike already sells hijabs for runners in France, but it has not faced the same scrutiny, possibly because it’s not a French brand. Some politicians defended Decathlon, with Aurélien Taché, a representative from Mr. Macron’s party, saying that France “would do well” without “this obsession around the veil and Islam.”But Decathlon backtracked and on Tuesday, halting its plans to sell the sports hijab in France after — it said — salespeople were threatened in stores, some physically, and after it received hundreds of calls and emails.One message accused the company of “betraying” France and “contributing to the Islamist invasion,” the company said.Muslim women’s clothing has often spurred debate.Since 2011, it has been illegal to wear a face-covering veil in public in France, but the hijab does not fall into that category. Still, in recent years, Muslim women wearing the hijab and other garments have prompted friction — locally and on a national scale.Last year, Maryam Pougetoux, a student union leader drew public ire after appearing on television wearing a head scarf.In the summer of 2016, a nationwide debate erupted over the “burkini,” the full-body bathing suit designed for practicing Muslim women; the item was briefly banned in some coastal towns in southern France.In some cases, other pieces of clothing have become the target of critics. In 2015, a French school sent a 15-year-old student home, saying that her long skirt was an “ostentatious sign” of her Muslim faith.A French concept becomes a source of friction. Since 2004, it has been illegal for students to wear any visible signs of religious affiliation.Laïcité, the concept of state secularism, is a defining principle of the French republic, but it has often been a point of friction between Muslims and the state. “France is a very secular society, which can be very virulent against any kind of religious expression, even those that are legal or do not threaten public order,” said Nicolas Cadène, a senior member of the Observatory of Secularism, an agency that assists the government in enforcing laïcité. The European Union’s highest court ruled in 2017 that employer bans on hijabs in the private sector could be legal. But the debate about the veil is no longer about its legality, but rather its symbolism. On the right and far right, it is often seen as a rebuke of France’s secular values and a sign of a lack of integration. Across the political spectrum, the veil is often seen as an intrinsic symbol of submission that goes against gender equality, even when worn freely. Some feminists say that wearing it sends the wrong signal to women elsewhere in the world who are fighting to live without it.Marlène Schiappa, the junior minister for gender equality, wrote in The HuffPost on Wednesday that women should be allowed to wear the hijab, but that it was necessary to “question that choice.”But others feminists and politicians on the left, as well as Muslim advocacy groups, argue that it is hypocritical to say hijab-wearing women are withdrawing from French society while criticizing garments like the burkini or sports hijabs designed to help them feel comfortable in public life.What do French Muslim women say? Sylvie Eberena, 38, a Muslim entrepreneur and coach who runs a fitness website, said she found the discussions over attire “exhausting.”“It’s not about politics or religion,” she said. “Every human being wants to feel good within their own bodies, so if a piece of clothing can help with that, why not?”Since she began appearing in fitness videos wearing her hijab nearly a decade ago, Ms. Eberena said, she has seen many more veiled women practicing sports.Laura Cha, a spokeswoman for the Muslim feminist organization Lallab, added that “for those who are not directly impacted by the hijab, it’s just one more controversy, but for Muslim women, it has some nefarious, long-lasting consequences.”“It’s a shame that Decathlon didn’t stand firm,” Laetitia Gahoudi, 37, a Muslim entrepreneur and personal trainer, said on Wednesday. “But we didn’t wait for Decathlon to sell a runner’s hijab to work out with our head scarves. And we will keep working out without them.”(Reuters) - The most powerful operational rocket in the world, SpaceX’s Falcon Heavy, launched its first commercial mission on Thursday from Florida in a key demonstration for billionaire entrepreneur Elon Musk's space company in the race to grasp lucrative military launch contracts.The 23-story-tall Heavy, which previously launched Musk’s cherry red Tesla roadster to space in a 2018 debut test flight, blasted off from Florida’s Kennedy Space Center carrying its first customer payload."T plus 33 seconds into flight, under the power of 5.1 million pounds of thrust, Falcon Heavy is headed to space," SpaceX launch commentator John Insprucker said on a livestream. Roughly three minutes after clearing the pad, Heavy’s two side boosters separated from the core rocket for a synchronized landing at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, sparking boisterous cheers from SpaceX engineers in the company's Hawthorne, California headquarters.  The middle booster, after pushing the payload into space, returned nearly 10 minutes later for a successful landing on SpaceX's seafaring drone ship 400 miles (645 km) off the Florida coast. In the 2018 test mission, Heavy's core booster missed the vessel and crashed into the Atlantic Ocean. “The Falcons have landed” Musk wrote on Twitter, inaugurating the first successful recovery of all three rocket boosters, which will be refurbished and re-fly in another Falcon Heavy mission this summer to carry a swarm of military and science satellites for the Air Force.Liftoff with Heavy’s new military-certified Falcon 9 engines was crucial in the race with Boeing-Lockheed venture United Launch Alliance and Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin as Musk’s SpaceX, working to flight-prove its rocket fleet one mission at a time, aims to clinch a third of all U.S. National Security Space missions - coveted military contracts worth billions.The U.S. Air Force tapped SpaceX in 2018 to launch for $130 million a classified military satellite and in February added three more missions in a $297 million contract. SpaceX and Boeing Co are vying to send humans to space from U.S. soil for the first time in nearly a decade under NASA’s Commercial Crew Program. SpaceX’s Crew Dragon capsule, atop a Falcon 9 rocket, cleared its first unmanned test flight in March ahead of its crewed mission planned for July, while the first unmanned test for Boeing’s Starliner capsule is slated for August on ULA’s Atlas 5 rocket. Falcon Heavy carried a communications satellite for Saudi-based telecom firm Arabsat, which will beam internet and television services over Africa, Europe and the Middle East.Privately owned SpaceX, also known as Space Exploration Technologies Corp, was founded in 2002 by Musk, who is also a co-founder of electric car maker Tesla Inc. (Reporting by Joey Roulette; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)Times Insider explains who we are and what we do, and delivers behind-the-scenes insights into how our journalism comes together.It was mid-January, and I had just reported that New York City had sued a group of current and former real estate professionals who supposedly used Airbnb to convert more than 100 apartments across the city into illegal hotel rooms for tourists.The allegations were staggering.Over three years, they lodged almost 76,000 guests across 35 residential buildings, including an entire seven-unit building that was unlawfully rented to tourists through Airbnb, the lawsuit said. The city claimed the operation brought in more than $20 million in revenue by violating laws and Airbnb’s own restrictions.How exactly did they pull it off?That was the question posed to me by Cliff Levy, my boss, and Dodai Stewart, my editor. The 2,500-word answer to that question is the basis for my article “Inside the Rise and Fall of a Multimillion-Dollar Airbnb Scheme,” which offers a look at how cunning entrepreneurs exploit Airbnb’s platform to turn a profit.I’ve covered housing for the Metro desk for almost a year, writing mostly about the city’s struggle to fix its crumbling public housing system. I’ve also covered New York City’s continuing clash with Airbnb, one of several regulatory battles the city has had with tech giants, like Uber, as it deciphers the impact of the so-called sharing economy on New Yorkers.Critics of Airbnb argue that many people use the platform to convert residential apartments into de facto hotels for tourists, worsening the city’s tight rental market and affordable housing crisis. There are laws in place to prevent this conduct, but they are often abused and the city has filed several lawsuits to take down unlawful Airbnbs before. This year, the city sued a real estate developer who supposedly used Airbnb to rent out 13 Manhattan apartments to travelers and made $1.1 million in revenue.But the lawsuit I reported on was the biggest yet, seeking more than $20 million from the defendants.As I began to pore over the hundreds of court documents, the inner workings of the operation became clearer. A complex web of corporations were set up to receive payments, about 100 different host accounts were created and dozens of misleading identities were used to book tourists since at least 2015, the documents revealed.I interviewed city officials, questioned landlords whose buildings were improperly used to book guests and spoke to tourists who had stayed at the apartments.It appeared a handful of people had engineered a commercial operation against local regulations, listing more than 100 apartments on Airbnb and using multiple email addresses to circumvent the company’s own rule of one apartment per host.The article was also a collaborative effort. With the help of Sarah Almukhtar, a graphics editor, we mapped out the locations of the Airbnb apartments, which stretched south from Harlem to trendy neighborhoods like Chelsea and SoHo.Doris Burke, a researcher at The Times, dug up old lawsuits against the business partners behind the alleged scheme. That led to me to building owners who claimed they had been deceived by the partners, who supposedly signed leases for apartments in their buildings and then rented them to tourists through Airbnb without the landlord’s knowledge. And Derek Norman, a news assistant, helped me track down tenants who had grown irritated with Airbnbs in their buildings.Ziograin Correa had lived with his wife and children for more than two years at a building in East Harlem. Mr. Correa said he had a recurring leak in his apartment, and he would often knock on the door of the unit above his. He gradually realized it was an Airbnb, believing the leak was never fixed because there was never a tenant who lived there long enough to address the issue.“When I went up there, there was a family from Mexico,” he said. “Then it happened again, and I went up and there was a family from China. Then I started to notice all the luggage. It was ridiculous.”Perhaps the most revealing part of my reporting was landing an interview with one of the men the city had accused: Max Beckman, a 35-year-old former real estate broker originally from Israel.Despite his legal troubles, Mr. Beckman accepted my request for an interview. “You can get all the facts and make a big publication," he told me in an email before our interview at his lawyer’s office.To my surprise, he spoke openly about quitting his job in 2015 to pursue his Airbnb venture full time, despite the legal risks, and described how the operation worked. He also talked about the aftermath of the lawsuit and the pressure of breaking scores of apartment leases after the city forced him to shut down his business.Many people asked me why I thought Mr. Beckman, who described himself as a disruptive entrepreneur, talked to us.Ultimately, Mr. Beckman seemed to genuinely believe that what he was doing should be legal and that the state should consider lifting restrictions on Airbnb so people like him can make money by lodging tourists.“Let’s make New York great again,” he told me. “Put that in your article.”SAN FRANCISCO — Vini Letteri, a managing director at KKR who invests in tech companies, had a slow 2018.Mr. Letteri, a venture capitalist who manages a $714 million fund, tried to put some of that money into 12 tech start-ups last year — but failed when they demanded too rich a price. In some cases, he said, his offers to invest were outbid by as much as 40 percent. The only investment he led in 2018 was a $360 million deal in OutSystems, a software company in Atlanta.So here’s what Mr. Letteri is not-so-secretly hoping for in 2019: a downturn in the private start-up market.“When the market turns, we’re prepared to be more aggressive,” he said. He added that he had sketched out a “downturn list” of 150 targets — including financial tech, cybersecurity, and consumer internet companies — in case they become cheaper.Mr. Letteri is one of a growing number of venture capitalists rooting for a market dip to calm the overheated start-up scene. For the past few years, Silicon Valley tech start-ups have been awash in a stream of cash that has allowed them to expand quickly and sell or go public at high valuations. Yet that drove up the costs of deal making for venture capitalists, who often prefer to invest in young companies at lower prices in the hopes of making a bigger return later.Now some of these investors may get their wish for a market decline. Stocks tumbled late last year, led by tech giants such as Facebook and Apple, amid fears of slowing economic growth and a trade war with China. And so far this year, the stock market has swung wildly, whipsawed by confusing signals including Apple’s disappointing iPhone sales in China and American employers adding more jobs than expected last month.While it takes time for choppiness in the stock market to ripple out into the start-up market, many venture investors are already preparing for a downturn. Some are setting aside money to pounce on investments and are preparing to write bigger checks with the expectation that new investors who flooded in in recent years will flee. And they are keeping closer tabs on companies that were too expensive to invest in last year.“We definitely want to take advantage of a market downturn,” said Sandy Miller, a venture capitalist at IVP who projects that start-up valuations will fall by 10 percent to 40 percent this year. He said his Silicon Valley venture firm has set aside “meaningful reserves” to do more deals and to put more money into companies it has already invested in, though he declined to specify an amount.Silicon Valley investors have long complained that start-up valuations have gotten too expensive, given that the start-up ecosystem has been on a bull run since at least 2015. That has minted an unprecedented number of “unicorn” start-ups, which are valued at more than $1 billion, including now-giant companies such as Uber and Airbnb.But the rising valuations have only continued to climb in the last year. In 2018, the median company valuation for one category of mature start-ups more than doubled to $420 million, up from $183 million in 2017, according to Carta, a provider of valuation software and services. And in a 2017 National Bureau of Economic Research study of 135 unicorn start-ups, researchers concluded the companies were overvalued by an average of 50 percent.“There’s too much heat around good, not necessarily great, companies” that are older, said Mamoon Hamid, a partner at the venture firm Kleiner Perkins. Even one “good, not great” company he recently met with had 13 investment offers, he said. The upshot: Kleiner did not invest.Greg Sands, a managing partner at Costanoa Ventures, said his venture firm walked away from three investments in 2018 where the price was 30 percent higher than he was willing to pay, an increase from past years. He also screened out numerous companies that were asking for more money than seemed reasonable — yet some of those companies then went on to raise triple that amount from other investors.“What’s happening right now isn’t sustainable and it won’t go on forever. It can’t,” he said. Costanoa raised a $75 million “opportunity fund,”, which Mr. Sands said would give it the ability to do more deals when the market cools down.Many other venture capital firms are also in a position to become more aggressive in case of a market downturn. Venture funds raised $30.2 billion in the first three quarters of last year, on track to surpass 2017’s total of $35.3 billion, according to PitchBook, a data provider.Start-up founders also appear to be preparing for a potential shift in fortunes. In a survey conducted late last year by First Round Capital, a venture capital firm, just under half of 529 entrepreneurs said they expected fund-raising to become more difficult in 2019. A third said they believed the tech bubble was close to popping, a 10-point increase over 2017.Some start-ups are raising more money to weather the uncertainty, according to Kirsten Green, a managing partner at Forerunner Ventures. Others are creating backup plans to cut costs so their survival won’t depend on new funding.Not all venture capitalists want a downturn, especially if it will throw a wrench into the plans of some of the biggest unicorns — such as Uber, Lyft, Pinterest and Slack — to go public. Many investors are eager to cash out of those companies when they stage an initial public offering.“You always want a better market,” said Micah Rosenbloom, a managing partner at Founder Collective, which was an early investor in Uber. “In a crisis, everything gets hard. You’d rather have your companies in good times for everything from hiring to sales.”Still, Mr. Rosenbloom said he also saw opportunity in a downturn. His firm’s two most successful investments — Uber and the Trade Desk, a digital advertising company — were created in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.In previous downturns, the less serious entrepreneurs disappeared, leaving the most committed ones, said David Pakman, a partner at venture firm Venrock. “During those periods, some incredible companies were founded by highly determined entrepreneurs,” he said. “The cream rose to the top.”After Kanye and Adidas, and Rihanna and Puma; after Questlove and Nike, and Kendrick Lamar and Reebok, it was only a matter of time. And on Thursday, the first lady of Everything, Beyoncé Knowles, entered the sneaker wars.Adidas announced that it would collaborate with Ms. Knowles on several endeavors, including a signature collection with Adidas and an expansion of the singer’s active-wear brand, Ivy Park. She will be a creative partner at Adidas.In a statement, Ms. Knowles called the coming collaboration the “partnership of a lifetime” and touted a shared philosophy “that puts creativity, growth and social responsibility at the forefront of business.”The pop star and entrepreneur will retain ownership of Ivy Park, which was introduced in 2016 in partnership with Topshop and sells comfort wear and athleisure at retailers including Nordstrom. In 2018, Ms. Knowles acquired full ownership of the company after Sir Philip Green, Topshop’s owner, was accused of racial abuse and sexual harassment.Little financial information about Ivy Park is available, and it is unclear how successful the brand has been. It was immediately popular upon its release in 2016. On Thursday, its website had been altered to broadcast the Adidas partnership.The Beyoncé/Adidas collaboration is perhaps the most notable partnership between a superstar and a sports brand yet, and it indicates the consumer and social power that can be derived from such cross-branding. It is also a tribute to the lane Rihanna paved in 2014 when she became a creative director and global ambassador at Puma, back when it was still a novel idea that an entertainer might lend her name to a company best known for athletic apparel. (Rihanna parted ways with Puma and is now said to be working with LVMH on her own luxury brand.)Championing women and girls has become a key part of Adidas’s public relations strategy. This month, the company announced a new phase of its “She Breaks Barriers” initiative, which highlights the lack of equal media coverage for women’s sports in the United States. Ms. Knowles has positioned herself as a political voice for black Americans and for women, including through her musical examination of her marriage and her 2018 Coachella performance, which gave a platform to historically black colleges. She will amplify these messages, and those Adidas has already pushed, by giving the company her imprimatur.“Beyoncé is an iconic creator but also a proven business leader, and together, we have the ability to inspire change and empower the next generation of creators,” said Eric Liedtke, a member of the executive board of Adidas AG.Adidas’s “multilayered” partnership with Ms. Knowles will include a program whose resources will be given over to “the next generation of athletes, creators and leaders.”Last July, Forbes estimated that Ms. Knowles was worth $355 million, citing her most recent solo album, “Lemonade,” her million-dollar-grossing tour with her husband Jay-Z and the value of her stake in his streaming service, Tidal. LONDON — Apple responded on Friday to antitrust claims made by the music streaming service Spotify, saying its policies are fair and accusing its rival of being motivated by a need to bolster financial results.Spotify filed a complaint with European regulators this week, accusing Apple of using its App Store to undercut companies that compete with its own services, like Apple Music.In a statement published on its website, Apple said that Spotify was not treated any differently from the millions of other developers that use the App Store.Apple accused Spotify of trying to use the advantages of the App Store, which provides access to millions of Apple users, without having to pay fees that Apple says are necessary to keep the marketplace thriving. Apple charges a fee of up to 30 percent for anything sold through the App Store.“Spotify is asking to keep all those benefits while also retaining 100 percent of the revenue,” Apple said. “Spotify wouldn’t be the business they are today without the App Store ecosystem, but now they’re leveraging their scale to avoid contributing to maintaining that ecosystem for the next generation of app entrepreneurs.”The dispute highlights a larger debate about the role of large tech platforms like Apple, Amazon, Facebook and Google, and whether their size and power impede competition. Amazon is the subject of a European antitrust investigation related to its treatment of independent sellers on its marketplace. Google was fined by the European Commission last year for antitrust violations stemming from its Android operating system.“When the company that runs a platform also competes with businesses that depend on that platform, we face the risk that it could use its power to drive out competition in not one market but dozens,” Margrethe Vestager, Europe’s antitrust chief, said in a speech this week.Apple said the App Store had created millions of jobs and generated more than $120 billion for developers since its introduction in 2008. It ushered in a new era of mobile computing, allowing companies like Instagram, Uber and others to reach users.Spotify’s app has been downloaded more than 300 million times, according to Apple.“The App Store is a safe, secure platform where users can have faith in the apps they discover and the transactions they make,” Apple said. “And developers, from first-time engineers to larger companies, can rest assured that everyone is playing by the same set of rules.”“Dumbo” was no runt — but it was no mammoth hit, either.Nearly eight decades after the 1941 original, Disney’s live-action “Dumbo” arrived in theaters this weekend to $45 million in ticket sales, topping the domestic box office. But that figure fell slightly below analysts’ expectations of around $50 million, and overall made for a moderately disappointing opening for the Tim Burton film, which reportedly had a production budget of $170 million. An additional $71 million in overseas sales brings its global weekend total to $116 million.Like the animated original, Burton’s “Dumbo” follows the trials and eventual triumph of an elephant outcast. Unlike the original, the new film is led by famous flesh-and-blood actors: Danny DeVito, Colin Farrell, Eva Green and Michael Keaton. It’s a darker (if PG-rated) take on the story, with DeVito playing the owner of a scrappy circus that gets bought by a powerful big-city entrepreneur and amusement-park owner (Keaton), who intends to exploit the circus’s discovery of Dumbo, the flying elephant.[Read our critic’s review of “Dumbo.”]“Dumbo” is the latest in a string of live-action, C.G.I.-buttressed Disney remakes. Its slight underperformance may be due in part to the unenthusiastic reception it received from most critics — it currently holds a 50 percent fresh rating on Rotten Tomatoes. By comparison, last year’s Winnie-the-Pooh tale from Disney, “Christopher Robin,” received 72 percent positive reviews, and 2017’s live-action “Beauty and the Beast” holds 71 percent. Remakes of “Aladdin” and “The Lion King” are slated for release later this year.There probably wasn’t much competition between “Dumbo” and this weekend’s other big movie.Universal’s “Us,” Jordan’s Peele’s family-unfriendly follow-up to his landmark 2017 feature debut, “Get Out,” easily landed in second place, selling $33.6 million in tickets according to Comscore, which compiles box-office data. That’s more than enough to send its cumulative sales past the $100 million mark: after two weekends, the film has now made about $128.2 million domestically.That puts “Us” slightly ahead of where 2018’s “Halloween” was after its second weekend. “Halloween,” which carried both the name recognition and baggage of a 40-year-old franchise, had a North American total of about $126.7 million by that point. But it also had a significantly higher debut weekend ($77.5 million versus the $70.3 million brought in by “Us”).The other newcomer in the top five was Pure Flix’s “Unplanned,” an R-rated Christian drama about a young woman who founds an anti-abortion organization. That movie opened to $6.1 million this weekend, landing in fifth place. Neon’s “The Beach Bum,” the latest comedy from the director Harmony Korine which stars Matthew McConaughey as a Florida pothead, flopped with just $1.8 million in domestic sales.Welcome to Crossing the Border, a limited-run weekly newsletter from The New York Times. Like what you see? Send this to a friend. If someone forwarded it to you, sign up here to have the next issue delivered to your inbox.In Tijuana, one highly curated taste of MexicoFloating above the cactus-pear cocktails and gourmet tacos, a green mosaic rises above the plaza just on the Mexico side of the Tijuana border: ESTACION FEDERAL. There are Edison-bulb patio lights and metal fire pits. Textures of reclaimed wood and concrete and succulents. In the back, a food truck doubles as a southwestern mural, a blur of orange and yellow and purple.This Instagram-ready commons in chaotic Tijuana is the brainchild of Miguel Marshall, a cross-border entrepreneur whose vision of a binational border between Mexico and the United States has grown even more resolute in the era of President Trump. He is the chief executive of Centro Ventures, a Tijuana-based real estate development company that is creating work-and-living spaces like this, with carefully curated food, coffee, co-working units and even Airbnb lofts.Mr. Marshall’s entrepreneurial work has earned him cachet among business leaders in Mexico and the United States. He has been designated as one of Tijuana’s “global shapers” by the World Economic Forum, which holds the annual gathering of world economic leaders in Davos, Switzerland.Estacion Federal is just a five-minute walk from Mexico’s El Chaparral border crossing, “a little south of south San Diego, a little north of north Tijuana,” as the spot is promoted online. Mr. Marshall sees it as a prototype for rejuvenating the Mexican border city — part artistic community, part commuter waypoint and part gastro-utopia.His vision is to bring Americans and Mexicans together for good food, drinks and conversation.This project is partly grounded in his biography. Mr. Marshall was born in San Diego but grew up in Tijuana. He was named after his father, Michael Marshall, but his parents gave him the Spanish-language version of the name so he would not be bullied in Mexican schools.“I’m a border baby,” he said with a laugh.For several years, the border across the Southwest has been in the midst of an economic boom, with new businesses and stores springing up to serve middle-class Mexican customers who have permission to cross into the United States on day trips. The problem Mr. Marshall sees is that much of the investment along the border, at least in California, has happened on the American side.In San Ysidro — San Diego’s border district, on the American side — visitors can find hundreds of businesses, from big outlet malls to small family shops.On the Mexican side, by contrast, there are miles of run-down homes and parking garages. The neighborhood does little to show visitors Tijuana’s vibrant culture, Mr. Marshall said, or to entice Americans to venture south.“First impressions matter,” said Mr. Marshall, who slips repeatedly between Spanish and English when he talks. “The cross-border lifestyle, we’re trying to brand that as a way of living.”The small Estacion Federal plaza offers vegetarian tacos, pizza, carefully sourced coffee and a cocktail bar. It is all highly curated.On a recent Friday evening at the Cereus Bar, patrons from both sides of the border wore skinny jeans and leather jackets. The aesthetic was familiar — classic American hipsterdom by way of a CB2 catalog — augmented by the sounds and smells and tastes of gourmet Mexico. One of the signature cocktails is a prickly-pear drink made from the juice of cactus fruit — known as “tuna” in Spanish — sourced at Mercado Hidalgo, the famed farmers’ market in Tijuana. It is the most expensive item on the menu: 130 pesos, or a little less than $7.Mr. Marshall said he hoped to draw an American clientele to his plaza, but he also wants Cereus to be a neighborhood bar. He envisions young people leaving work in San Diego and stopping at the pizza and taco shops before a night out in Tijuana’s nightclub district.“The best of both worlds,” he said.—JOSE A. DEL REAL in San Ysidro, Calif., and Tijuana, MexicoJose is one of a team of Times journalists currently deployed along the border. Each week they will be sharing a slice of their reporting about the border and the people who spend time on both sides of it.Do you have questions about life on the border? Or feedback about this newsletter? Email us at: crossingtheborder@nytimes.com.Number of the week: 76,000Some 76,000 migrants crossed the border without authorization in February, according to data released by the United States government on Tuesday.It was the fourth time in five months that the number of migrant families crossing the southwest border has broken records, border enforcement authorities said. The number was more than double the same period last year. Read the full story here, from Caitlin Dickerson, a Times immigration reporter.Miriam Jordan, a Times immigration correspondent, dived into those numbers and explained why, despite President Trump’s efforts to halt the arrival of undocumented migrants, they have continued to rise. The short version? More people from impoverished areas of Central America, and more families instead of single men, are choosing to make the journey. Read that story here. Learn the latest on: Trump border policyThe border has been in the headlines in Washington this week. Here’s how to catch up, and go deeper.• On Wednesday, House Democrats grilled Kirstjen Nielsen, the homeland security secretary, over a host of border issues, including the deaths of migrant children in federal custody and last year’s policy of separating families at the border. She was defiant in the face of criticism of the administration, and defended President Trump’s claim that the situation at the border was a national emergency. Read the story here, and go here for clips of Ms. Nielsen’s testimony.• Ms. Nielsen was questioned about the care migrants receive in custody. A Times investigation found shortfalls in health care provided to migrants, who sometimes arrive with serious illness and injury. Read the story here.• Senate leaders this week announced that, with several Republicans joining the Democrats, they had enough votes to block Mr. Trump’s declaration of a national emergency at the border. It would be a stern rebuke to the president over his plan to fund a wall. Read more about the Republicans who oppose the declaration — and why they do — here. • Meanwhile, Times reporters found that the Trump administration has a surprising new ally in Mexico: the Mexican government. The country’s leaders have promised to defend migrants, but Mexico’s new president, Andrés Manuel López Obrador, is trying to prevent conflict with Mr. Trump, and officials are carrying out the Trump administration’s immigration agenda across wide stretches of the border. Read the story here.Read earlier installments of Crossing the Border here. Sign up here to have the next issue delivered to your inbox.[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]TRENTON — A monthslong effort to legalize marijuana in New Jersey collapsed on Monday after Democrats were unable to muster enough support for the measure, derailing a central campaign pledge by Gov. Philip D. Murphy and leaving the future of the legalization movement in doubt.The failure in the Legislature marks one of the biggest setbacks for Mr. Murphy, who, despite having full Democratic control in the State Senate and Assembly, has faced constant party infighting and has struggled to convince lawmakers of his progressive agenda.Among the most vocal opponents were a handful of African-American Democratic lawmakers who split with their party over legalization, arguing that it would be a public health menace to their communities.The abrupt unraveling of the campaign to legalize marijuana also reflected how some lawmakers were swayed by the challenges faced by other states that have legalized cannabis, including how to keep the drug away from teenagers and prevent people from driving under its influence.The decision to scuttle the vote came after a frantic weekend push by Mr. Murphy to gain the votes he needed in the 40-member Senate.“Certainly, I’m disappointed, but we are not defeated,” Mr. Murphy told reporters. “Justice may be delayed, but justice will not be denied.”But it was unclear on Monday when leaders would revive the legalization effort.The Senate president, Stephen M. Sweeney, said he “might have underestimated the challenge in getting this passed,” though, he too, vowed that he would not abandon the campaign.Supporters of legalization said they were disappointed by the Legislature’s decision, but added that they would continue to press their case.“Legalization is an urgent civil rights issue of our era, and it’s up to advocates in the coming weeks and month to make that urgency clear,” said Amol Sinha, the executive director of the New Jersey chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union.The sweeping bill sought to redress what its supporters have said are the consequences of the war on drugs on minorities, and to tackle concerns about fairness in the multibillion-dollar cannabis industry.The bill would have wiped away criminal records for hundreds of thousands of people convicted of minor drug offenses and legalized recreational marijuana in a state that borders the nation’s biggest city. It would also have given many in prison a chance to be set free and ended parole for many others.The law also aimed to diversify a booming industry that has been dominated by white entrepreneurs in Washington, D.C., and the 11 states where recreational marijuana has been decriminalized. New Jersey would have ensured that members of minority groups, as well as women, have equal access to licenses to sell or cultivate cannabis.“We have the widest white-nonwhite gap of persons incarcerated in America and far and away the biggest contributor is low-end drug offenses,” Mr. Murphy said recently at a news conference.Though polls showed that most New Jersey residents support legalizing marijuana, Mr. Murphy had faced an uphill struggle since he made it one of his top priorities after taking office last year.Some African-American lawmakers, in particular, could not be persuaded to embrace legalization, believing it would bring more harm than good to their communities.“The public has not properly been educated on the topic of recreational marijuana,’’ said Senator Ronald L. Rice, a Democrat who represents Newark and emerged as one of the main opponents of legalization. “People don’t realize, particularly people in urban communities, how it will affect their lives. In urban communities, neighborhoods will struggle against the spread of ‘marijuana bodegas’ disguised as dispensaries.”Still, changes to the bill’s final version, especially beefed-up measures to make it easier to expunge criminal records, attracted widespread support from civil liberties activists and criminal justice advocates in New Jersey and beyond.“My concern had been that legal recreational marijuana has not dealt with the damage that has been disproportionately suffered by blacks and other people of color, and is just setting up people to make a lot of money,” the Rev. Al Sharpton said in an interview before the vote was canceled, adding that the bill was a “national model.’’The effort to legalize marijuana has also been sputtering in New York, where black lawmakers have said they will block the implementation of the potential $3 billion statewide industry if the current bill does not ensure that minority entrepreneurs share in the profits.New Jersey had been taking a more expansive approach than many other states to erase the criminal records of people charged with marijuana-related crimes. Anyone in New Jersey convicted of possessing up to five pounds would have been eligible to have their convictions erased.The state was also seeking to make the expungement process easier by allowing it to be done online, eliminating the requirement to do it in person, which can be time-consuming and expensive.Ever since Mr. Murphy had announced his support for legalizing marijuana as a candidate two years ago, expungement had been central to the debate. Supporters of legalization say stringent drug laws unfairly target minorities: A black resident of the state is three times more likely to be arrested on marijuana-related offenses than a white resident, a recent study found.New Jersey was also moving to rewrite the vast racial and class disparity in the marijuana industry. White ownership makes up more than 80 percent of cannabis businesses across the country, according to a 2017 study.In identifying communities that would have been granted licenses to cultivate, sell, distribute or produce marijuana products, lawmakers focused on places like Newark and Paterson, which have high rates of crime and unemployment. The legislation also would have allowed anyone with a past marijuana conviction to apply for a license to own a cannabis company.The bill would have required that a minimum of 10 percent of licenses be given to smaller business, which are defined as those with 10 or fewer employees.Some leaders in struggling New Jersey cities have said they believe the cannabis industry would benefit their communities.“Social justice and economic development go hand in hand,” Mayor Reed Gusciora of Trenton said last week. “I walk in the streets and talk to many constituents that talk about a prior record and how it’s a hindrance for them to get ahead, get a job.”Still, plenty of opposition to legal marijuana exists and dozens of communities had already voted to ban retail and growing operations in their towns. Some communities had also complained that the 3 percent local tax that could be added to retail sales was too low.New Jersey had pieced together much of its plan from efforts elsewhere, though the state’s program would have featured a few differences.Customers in New Jersey would have been able to have marijuana delivered to their door and would have been allowed to use cannabis in lounge-like settings similar to cannabis cafes found in California, Colorado and several countries in Europe.The campaign also placed New Jersey at the center of a national conversation among Democratic presidential candidates over legalizing marijuana.“All too often, communities of color and low-income individuals are unjustly impacted by our broken drug policies, but by including measures to expunge records and reinvest in the communities most impacted, our state has the opportunity to lead in prioritizing social justice,” Cory Booker, a Democratic United States senator from New Jersey who is running for president, said last week. He has introduced a federal bill that would remove the drug from the list of controlled substances.SUNDAY BUSINESSAn article last Sunday about a group that matches female entrepreneurs with female venture capitalists misidentified the flavors of e-cigarette cartridges sold by Juul. They include fruit flavors, not candy flavors. The article also misidentified the source of a $12.8 billion investment the company received. It was from Altria, not venture capitalists. And it misstated the role that Amanda Eilian’s husband played at Starwood Capital Group. He was an early employee; he was not a founder of the firm.ARTS & LEISUREThis weekend’s cover article about the actors Adam Driver and Keri Russell refers incorrectly to Matthew Rhys’s relationship with Keri Russell. He is her partner, not her husband.•An article on Page 10 about the many characters who have borne the name Captain Marvel misstates the date that the character Monica Rambeau was introduced into the Marvel Comics universe. It was 1982, not 1987.•An article last Sunday about the first Marvel movie to focus principally on a woman misidentified which branch of the military Pappy Boyington served in. It was the Marines, not the Air Force.TRAVELThe 36 Hours column last Sunday, about Ghent, Belgium, misspelled the names of two streets. They are Sluizeken, not Sluizken, and Oudburg, not Oudberg.REAL ESTATEAn article on Feb. 24 about real estate in New Zealand misidentified New Zealand’s capital. Wellington is the capital city, not Auckland. (Auckland is the country’s largest city.)MAGAZINEAn article on Feb. 17 about women in coding misstated the name of a group that supports women working in artificial intelligence. It is Women of A.I., not Women in A.I.•An interview on Feb. 24 with John Legend erroneously attributed a distinction to his earning one each of the Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony Awards. He is the second-youngest — not the youngest — to have done so. (The songwriter Robert Lopez is the youngest.)•Editors’ Note: An article on Feb. 17 about women in coding cited a study conducted by the firm Speak With a Geek into gender-blind tech-job applications. After the article’s publication, questions were raised about the study. Upon further review, the magazine has been unable to confirm that this study was undertaken as described, and so reference to it has been removed from the online version of the article.BOOK REVIEWA review on Feb. 24 about the Y.A. thriller “The Waning Age,” by S.E. Grove, misspelled the first name of the novel’s protagonist. She is Natalia Peña, not Natalie.•The Paperback Row column on Feb. 10 misstated the relationship between King Charles I of England and Elizabeth Stuart, known as the Winter Queen. She was his sister, not his daughter.Errors are corrected during the press run whenever possible, so some errors noted here may not have appeared in all editions.To contact the newsroom regarding correction requests, complaints or other comments about our coverage, please email nytnews@nytimes.com or call 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397).Comments on editorials may be emailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637) or email customercare@nytimes.com.Chadwick Boseman stars in a Thurgood Marshall biopic. And “Magic Mike” is on CMT.What’s on TVMARSHALL (2017) 8 p.m. on Showtime. “The only way to get through a bigot’s door,” Chadwick Boseman says in this Thurgood Marshall biopic, “is to break it down.” That captures the punchiness of this film, in which Boseman stars as the civil rights lawyer who became the first African-American to sit on the Supreme Court. With confidence and unexpected humor, it focuses on a 1941 case in which Marshall defended Joseph Spell, a black chauffeur and butler (played by Sterling K. Brown) accused of sexual assault by his rich, white boss (Kate Hudson). The case predates Brown v. Board of Education, in which Marshall made history, by more than a decade; the headstrong Marshall of this film is in his 30s. The movie, directed by Reginald Hudlin, revisits this era of Marshall’s life with “economy, a bit of gauzy nostalgia and likable performances,” Manohla Dargis wrote in her review for The New York Times. But, she said, there are moments when you wish that Hudlin “would ease up on the comedy.”MAGIC MIKE (2012) 9 p.m. on CMT. For a quiet, conventional Valentine’s Day evening skip this listing. But for a Feb. 14 full of onscreen thrusts, sweat and Channing Tatum’s, umm, face take advantage of this strategically timed showing of Steven Soderbergh’s stripper tale. Tatum plays Mike, who dips his toe into the world of erotic dancing and then falls the rest of the way in. (The character has parallels to Tatum himself, who once worked as a stripper.) Matthew McConaughey plays a strip club entrepreneur. In her review for The Times, Manohla Dargis called the film a “funny, enjoyable romp about male strippers and the American dream.”THE WEDDING SINGER (1998) 10 p.m. on Paramount Network. In the world of ’90s Adam Sandler comedies, a relationship blooming between a musician (Sandler) and a waitress (Drew Barrymore) ranks high on the sentimental scale. That makes this tale of a mulleted wedding singer losing one love and finding another a solid, nostalgic Valentine’s Day pick.What’s StreamingBECKS (2018) Rent on Amazon, Google Play, Vudu and YouTube. If the idea of Adam Sandler singing “somebody kill me” in “The Wedding Singer” is too ’90s for you, consider this more earnest tale of a musician’s lost and found love. The romantic drama stars Lena Hall as Becks, a Brooklyn guitar player and songwriter. After her relationship with a girlfriend (Hayley Kiyoko) goes south, Becks goes back home to Missouri to live with her ex-nun mother, Ann (Christine Lahti). While there, she teaches guitar lessons and eventually finds romance — all while struggling with her mother’s nonacceptance of her sexual orientation. In his review for The Times, Ben Kenigsberg wrote that the film “exemplifies how small judgments in pace, performance and soundtrack can transcend modest trappings.”In The Edit, a New York Times newsletter for college students and recent graduates, we asked for stories about mental health on campus. The responses below have been edited and condensed.Amanda Lutz, 32 Winona State UniversityI am divorced, and I live with my parents. I moved home to Minnesota from Texas and decided to continue pursuing my bachelor’s in psychology that I had abandoned after having started school in the fall of 2005. I have been attending classes part time while working full time to keep my health insurance since the summer of 2016.I am on track to graduate next fall. All the while, I have been fighting with chronic pain from a horseback-riding accident and managing depression. Some days I have purpose and a drive to succeed, and other days I just want to give up. If you really want something in this life, you have to find that resilience to pursue it and just keep going.Kyrah Altman, 22 George Washington UniversityAs a result of growing up in a broken and traumatic home, I began experiencing severe anxiety and depression in middle school. While it followed me throughout high school and college, I channeled my struggle with mental illness into the founding of a social enterprise, LEAD (Let’s Empower, Advocate and Do), that provides mental health training and curriculum to schools, camps and youth-serving organizations across the country.I am a senior undergraduate student and was recently named the third-best student entrepreneur in the country in the Entrepreneurs’ Organization Global Student Entrepreneurship Awards.Anna Shutley, 19 Wake Forest UniversityI have struggled with clinical depression and anxiety since my sophomore year of high school. I am a sophomore in college, and I am very passionate about mental health and working to improve it.I read a lot of self-help books in high school, but most were written by a 50-year-old psychologist who knows what they’re talking about in a clinical sense, but not how it actually feels to be 16 and struggling with suicidal thoughts and panic attacks. Because of this, I decided to write a short book with practical advice for improving your outlook on the world and how to incorporate caring for your mental health into your routine through mindfulness, exercise, limited phone time and leaving room for what brings you joy in life.I have conducted a workshop at my high school on improving mental health and also do my best to bring that conversation to Wake Forest.My main philosophy is about learning how to make Tuesday your favorite day of the week, because if you’re always waiting for the weekend or Christmas or your graduation, you are deciding that your happiness is circumstantial, and that therefore you don’t control it, your environment does. However, if you decide that amid the boring, mundane, stressful and sometimes heartbreaking realities of life, that you are going to focus on what is good and build your life around that instead, you are taking back the control that you deserve over your own happiness.ImageRachael Cohen Hamilton of the University of Colorado Denver. She is in her second semester of graduate school, studying for a master’s in public administration, with a focus in gender-based violence.Rachael Cohen Hamilton, 22 University of Colorado DenverI am in my second semester of graduate school, studying for my master’s in public administration, with a focus in gender-based violence. Within my first weeks of being here I witnessed a homeless woman being raped outside of my apartment and obviously called 911.This in many ways was triggering to me, and I went into my first semester of grad school suffering from pretty severe post-traumatic stress disorder, from both this and a previous incident. This is all happening as the Kavanaugh hearings are happening, and I am taking my first gender-based violence class of my program. As I was taking the bus to and from work every day, I was entirely dissociative.I likely could not tell you what happened my entire first month of grad school, that’s how detached I was from reality at that time. Luckily, I took the day off for Rosh Hashana and went to the market, and I was able to snap back into reality in a lot of ways. That day I made an appointment with my campus’s sexual assault resource center. It was able to get me extensions on assignments, set me up with a therapist and wrote a letter of support for my department allowing me to drop the gender-based violence class and receive a full refund.I also saw a psychiatrist and was prescribed beta blockers, which have helped bring down my heightened sense of danger wherever I go. This semester, having had time to help heal, I’ve been able to restart my concentration in gender-based violence, which is more important to me now than ever, and I was still able to complete my other two graduate courses last semester and remain a full-time student.It was so important for me to write you, to emphasize the importance of institutional support. I still struggle sometimes, but I think that without them helping me, I likely would have had no choice but to drop out and move back home.ImageFiona P. Pham of Johns Hopkins University. “Every single time you feel that you are trapped in your head, remember that every little step to make yourself feel better is a step, as long as you don’t stop.”Fiona P. Pham, 21 Johns Hopkins UniversityI always knew that coming to study at another university in a foreign country is tough. You sleep and breathe in English, you learn to embrace flip flops in the classroom. You adapt. And that was part of my plan.I embrace new opportunities, learn as much as I can, make mistakes, make friends, have first drinks, pull all-nighters. But depression was never part of my plan. I didn’t even know it had a name until everything felt empty.So, here I was, FaceTiming my mother without the video because I could not let her see my face. My voice sounds fine, telling her I was fine, schoolwork is challenging but manageable — I am applying to summer internships, competition is rough, but it’s fine. And everything was fine. Except me.The first time I had a counseling session was weird. It felt weird that I was living my dream, studying in the United States, having supportive family and friends, and yet I was sitting in that chair. I learned that sometimes there was no definite reason for the way I felt. But at least, when I acknowledged that I was not mentally healthy, it was the beginning of my healing process.Every day I try to make healthier choices and balance all aspects of my life. I go to counseling. I practice mindfulness. I talk to my support network. The chemicals in my brain sometimes act up, but I know I just need to be extra patient that day.If there is a mental health group on your campus that could provide support, definitely check it out. Every single time you feel that you are trapped in your head, remember that every little step to make yourself feel better is a step, as long as you don’t stop.Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them.__________The trade war didn’t seem to discourage Chinese companies from listing their shares on American exchanges last year. In fact, it might have brought more Chinese companies to Wall Street.Tencent Music’s trading debut on the New York Stock Exchange in December capped a wave of Chinese companies going public in the United States. In total, 33 Chinese firms raised $9.2 billion through initial public offerings on American exchanges — up 140 percent from 2017 and the highest level since 2014, according to Dealogic.Of course, 2014 comes with an asterisk of sorts. Alibaba went public in September that year, raising $25 billion. Subtract the value of Alibaba’s offering and Chinese firms raised just $3 billion that year.Last year, however, offerings from Chinese firms dominated the United States market for initial public offerings. The three largest I.P.O.s by market value were Chinese companies. And Chinese firms accounted for four of the 10 largest such offerings in 2018 ranked by amount raised on American exchanges, the most of any country, including the United States, according to Dealogic.Why list in America?American exchanges offer prestige and a broader investor base that Chinese entrepreneurs can find attractive. The United States also offers a quicker route to the public markets. While Chinese regulators have taken steps to reduce the long wait, it still takes 18 months or longer for shares to begin trading from the time a company files to go public. That compares with just 42 days to list in the United States, according to Dealogic.But the trade war may also have been a factor.A slowing Chinese economy and escalating trade tensions dragged down markets in Hong Kong and China before stocks in the United States turned seriously wobbly. At their lows in late October, the Hang Seng stock index and the benchmark stock indexes in Shenzhen and Shanghai were down 15 percent to 35 percent for the year. By comparison, the S & P 500 was still up 2.5 percent at that point, making it far more attractive for offerings.SAN JOSE, Calif. — Paris has the Eiffel Tower. St. Louis is inseparable from the Gateway Arch. Seattle boasts the Space Needle. Washington has its Monument.Silicon Valley wants its own universally recognized landmark, something that symbolizes its power and reach. If the San Jose City Council approves the project this month, an international design competition will be announced this spring. The winning entry could be built on a city park as soon as 2021.Capturing the tech world in one sculpture or structure or art installation will be a difficult job. The devices and platforms that made Silicon Valley famous were created in low-slung office parks of limited architectural distinction by entrepreneurs who risked their investors’ capital, not their lives. It’s not really an underdog story nor — as many filmmakers have found out — a particularly visual one.Nor is this the ideal moment for Silicon Valley to celebrate itself. Even as the tech industry prepares for a long-awaited series of public offerings that will mint yet another round of dude billionaires, there is widespread alarm that smartphones and social networks are reshaping society for the worse.The backers of the San Jose Light Tower Corporation, who have raised $1 million to pursue a landmark and expect to raise tens of millions more before it reaches fruition, are undeterred.“Optimistically, we’re going to receive hundreds of ideas,” Jon Ball, the chairman of the Light Tower board, told a skeptical crowd at a community meeting in late February. For the right project, he added, donors would open their wallets very wide. “A great idea at $150 million is sometimes easier to fund than a frankly uninspiring idea at half the price,” he said.Mr. Ball, a retired construction executive, said the idea for a landmark was born a few years ago when he was driving with his wife, Paula, on a local highway. She remarked that if she didn’t know she was in San Jose, she would have no clue. The cityscape lacks any distinction, and the physical setting at the southern edge of San Francisco Bay is less than memorable — especially in contrast to a certain metropolis 50 miles to the northwest.San Jose has suffered forever from its proximity to San Francisco, which has been heralded since its founding for its charm and beauty. In recent years, the center of tech gravity has shifted north to San Francisco. That has added to the misery of San Jose boosters, who fear the loss of one of the city’s few claims to fame.“Just a song — that’s all we have,” said Marianne Salas, a longtime San Jose resident who has given $26,000 to the nonprofit landmark effort. She was referring to Dionne Warwick’s 1968 hit, “Do You Know the Way to San Jose?” It’s a bittersweet tune, about failing to become a star in Los Angeles and then trying to return home.“You can really breathe in San Jose/ They’ve got a lot of space,” the lyrics run, which shows how things have changed in 50 years. Space is now at a premium in the city. Google is converting an entire downtown neighborhood into offices. The site selected for the landmark project, a park called Arena Green, is on the edge of this development, squeezed between the sports stadium and the highway that splits the city.Many of the 50 or so people who came to the community meeting seemed to appreciate the sentiments behind the effort — one man spoke eloquently about how when friends came to visit, they immediately wanted to go to San Francisco — but were not keen on Arena Green as the location.Among the issues they raised: How would this affect the Guadalupe River and Los Gatos Creek, which merge in the park? Would the project strain San Jose’s already strained parks budget? Are there any tax dollars being used here? And wasn’t this the usual Silicon Valley trick of taking a public good — a park — and using it for private purposes?Mr. Ball, with a trace of weariness, provided answers. The project would be given as a gift to the city. No tax money would be involved. He promised accountability, with a seven-member jury selecting three finalists. The Guadalupe River Park Conservancy would monitor for ecological issues. Jodi Starbird, president of the conservancy’s board, stood up to say her group would be “the police” for the project.The river splits the park. The project could go on the east side, the west side or conceivably straddle the two. The park is on the flight path to San Jose’s airport, which will impose height limits. The location also means that, unlike the iconic landmarks in many cities, this one won’t be visible to the passengers as a plane descends. Just the pilot.A few hours before the meeting, on a weekday afternoon, Arena Green was largely empty. There was exactly one person on the east side.“Our intention is to make this park more accessible and actually improve it,” Mr. Ball said. While another Eiffel Tower is literally and probably figuratively out of reach, there is a useful precedent in Chicago’s Cloud Gate, a 110-ton stainless steel bean beloved by selfie-taking tourists. The bean was installed in 2004 at the cost of $23 million.Leslie Berlin, author of “Troublemakers,” a history of Silicon Valley, said the project was intriguing but full of potential pitfalls.“When we hear the words ‘Silicon Valley,’ we think strictly in terms of private enterprise,” she said. “All the landmarks that tourists go to are literally companies. Everything is identified with the profit motive. By building a place for everybody, this could put the public back into the equation.”She added, however, that “it’s hard to do this sort of thing by fiat — ‘I’m going to make something that the rest of world recognizes as a masterpiece.’ And if in the process of trying to celebrate Silicon Valley they make the same mistakes that are giving Silicon Valley such a bad reputation now, the result will mean nothing to no one.”The Light Tower project got its name because it began as an attempt to replicate San Jose’s previous monument to a new form of technology. In 1881 that was electricity, and a local entrepreneur raised money and built his vision in less than a year. Owen’s Electrical Tower was 207 feet tall with six arc lamps that illuminated the city. Visible from San Francisco, it achieved a modest amount of fame.The tower had its own ecological issues. At one point in 1900, clouds of beetles attacked it. This brought hordes of birds to feast on the bugs. The birds collided with the live electrical wires and fell to the ground. “All the stray cats in the neighborhood were attracted and the feline family had a feast it will long remember,” the San Francisco Call newspaper reported. The tower blew down in a 1915 storm.“Our concept was we were going to build a modern interpretation of the old light tower,” Mr. Ball said. “We did not get a lot of love for that.”The project has also drawn criticism for a lack of transparency, a fault that the community meeting was designed to help correct. The San Jose City Council is expected to take up the project on March 12. But even if that hurdle is met, Mr. Ball conceded, others lie ahead. “We’re not naïve,” he said.Dave Henderson, who leases office buildings for medical professionals, saluted the Light Tower team during the community meeting. “There’s nothing in it for you guys except brain damage,” he said.Mr. Henderson, who has given $30,000 to the project, considered later the chances of whether something would ultimately get built or whether critics would have their way.“It’s 50-50,” he decided. Most disruptive ideas in Silicon Valley don’t get odds as good as that.Female entrepreneurs have long known how hard it is to raise money from a roomful of men. “I would walk into these rooms of late-40s, early-50s dudes — potential investors — and they would just look at me blankly, like, ‘I do not get it,’” said Rachel Drori, the founder of Daily Harvest, a delivery service for produce-centric meals. “Sometimes, they’d say, ‘Can you send samples to my wife?’”What if Ms. Drori, and others like her, could pitch to a roomful of women?On a frigid evening in January, some 275 entrepreneurs filed into the SoHo outpost of The Wing, the women-only co-working club, for a women-only pitch night. They grabbed seats (pink folding chairs, mint settees, maroon couches) as well as sustenance (crudités, cheese, wine) ahead of the main event: Ten start-ups would present their business propositions to potential investors as well as those interested in learning from or working with them.The gathering was called Wingable, named for the club and Able Partners, a New York venture capital firm that had already put money into each of the 10 companies. The fund, which was started three years ago by Lisa Blau and Amanda Eilian, has been an early-stage investor in a number of female-founded companies, including The Wing and Goop.Prior to the event, the start-ups spent six weeks in an Able incubator program, honing their business models and pitch decks. “We’re calling it the anti-‘Shark Tank’ because everyone is already a winner,” Ms. Blau said. “They’re getting funding from Able, and we’re just trying to bring more female investors to their cap table.”Among the attendees was Alexandra Wilkis Wilson, co-founder of Gilt Groupe and more recently Glamsquad, who said she was discussing an investment with two of the Wingable start-ups. “I know a lot of women are coming with their checkbooks open,” she said, surveying the crowd.According to the venture-tracking site Crunchbase, as of October 2017, women made up just 8 percent of investing partners at the top 100 VC firms. And last year, female founders received only 2.2 percent of the $130 billion in venture money invested in the United States, according to the analytics firm PitchBook and the advocacy organization All Raise. That works out to a combined $2.9 billion; for a sense of the scale of money going to other start-ups, a single one, Juul — which makes fruit-flavored e-cigarette cartridges — recently drew an investment of $12.8 billion from Altria.Wingable presented a microcosm of an alternative view: What would VC-funded industries look like if more women controlled the money?“We need the old girl’s network,” said Linnea Conrad Roberts, the chief executive of Gingerbread Capital and a former partner at Goldman Sachs, as she waved to Ms. Blau. “If you think about the ecosystem that guys have, a Silicon Valley founder will make hundreds of millions of dollars and he doesn’t go home and retire; he starts putting it toward funding other companies.”“The problem, quite honestly, was people like me, sitting on the sidelines, doing philanthropy, retired from my Wall Street career and not thinking about it,” Ms. Roberts added. “I spend a good chunk of time just trying to get more women focused. All they need is a bit of a lesson, contacts and then they need to come to amazing things like this. This is a free look at companies.”Liz Lange, the maternity fashion pioneer, tapped Ms. Roberts’s shoulder to say hi; Jennifer Fleiss, the co-founder of Rent the Runway, slid into a seat in front of them.“Guys would never do an event like this,” Ms. Roberts said. “And the food would suck and it would not be this well organized, and the egos: You might have to leave, you’d have to go outside and get a breath of fresh air. We don’t have to play golf or poker in order to get together and get business done.”‘You have an amazing company, but I think I might want to date you’Ms. Blau, 43, and Ms. Eilian, 41, met in 2004, when the former was about to graduate from Harvard Business School and the latter was preparing to begin her first year there. In 2007, Ms. Blau started VitalJuice, a newsletter about healthy living, and Ms. Eilian started Videolicious, a platform for making high-end video. She went through five rounds of fund-raising, some while pregnant.“There’s nothing like being a pregnant woman in the tech world to make you feel like an alien,” Ms. Eilian said.She and Ms. Blau wondered about the struggles of female founders who didn’t graduate from an elite business school or have a well-pedigreed social network. (Ms. Blau’s husband is the chief executive of Related Companies, the mega-developer, and Ms. Eilian’s husband was an early employee at the private equity firm Starwood Capital Group.) They formed Able in 2016 to invest their own money — they have no outside capital — in early-stage companies led by women.Ms. Blau and Ms. Eilian declined to identify the size of their fund, but said their portfolio has 38 companies, with investments starting at $50,000. Twenty percent of the start-ups have men on their executive teams.Able is not the only recently formed investment fund targeting women. In 2015, Arlan Hamilton, a once homeless music manager, created Backstage Capital, a $36 million venture capital fund dedicated to “underestimated founders” — women, people of color, the L.G.B.T.Q. community. In 2014, Anu Duggal started Female Founders Fund, which she now runs with Sutian Dong, a venture capital fund that invests solely in women-founded start-ups. It’s a small world with a lot of overlap: Ms. Blau gave Female Founders Fund one of its first checks, and several of the companies that participated in Wingable have had conversations with Backstage Capital and Female Founders Fund.Last fall, Ms. Blau and Ms. Eilian sketched out the idea that would lead to the Wingable pitch night in January. In October, they put out a call for interested start-ups, specifying that they had to have at least one founder who identified as female, and had to be in prelaunch phase, with less than $5 million in revenue.Within two weeks, Ms. Blau and Ms Eilian had more than 800 applications. They hired two M.B.A. graduates to comb through them and enlisted Ms. Eilian’s sister, Sarah Godwin, who until recently worked in recruitment at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, to devise an evaluation matrix for the most promising candidates.By November, Able chose 10 start-ups to back; the fund ended up investing a total of $700,000 in the group at varying degrees of equity. Over the course of a six-week “boot camp,” Ms. Eilian and Ms. Blau offered the women access to their network of investors and advisers; put them through media training; paired them with mentors, including Ms. Wilkis Wilson, SoulCycle’s chief executive, Melanie Whelan, and the Away co-founder Jen Rubio; and held “office hours” to zhuzh up their PowerPoint pitch decks.The day before the showcase at the Wing, the group gathered at West-bourne, a vegetarian cafe in SoHo, to practice their presentations. A projector had been set up next to a vast spread of purple cauliflower and other crudités.When Zofia Moreno, a founder of the probiotic drink Oba, stumbled on her lines midway through her script, Bea Arthur, who started an on-demand therapy service called the Difference, yelled, “You’re doing great, it’s O.K.!”Others practiced punch lines and sound bites designed for Twitter. “Our equipment is not barbells and treadmills; it’s wine and Kleenex,” said Shannon McLay, 40, who has started a chain of financial coaching centers called Financial Gym.Other companies included BlockFi, which provides banking services for investors in cryptocurrency, and AcadeMe, a platform that teaches women workplace skills like how to negotiate a salary increase. The only men in the room were kitchen staff and a guy named Evan who kept his head down and clicked slides on a laptop hooked up to a projector.Over a lunch of cabbage salad, falafel bowls and sweet potato tacos, the participants talked about dealing with male investors. “This investor once told me, ‘I’m too good-looking to be accused of harassment,’” said Viveka Hulyalkar, 26, the co-founder of Beam, a charitable donation service.“I don’t even care about the harassment,” said Ms. Arthur, 35. “It’s just like, if you’re not going to invest, then you’re just wasting my time and trying to hit on me on top of it.”“Last year, when I was raising my seed, this guy was like, ‘It must be really difficult for you to raise money, Shannon, because men dissociate intelligence from attractiveness,’” Ms. McLay said. Everyone in earshot groaned.“I’ve heard, ‘I really love you, Chanel, I think you have an amazing company, but I think I might want to date you,’” said Chanel Melton, 31, the founder of a hair-extension company called RoseGold Pro. More groans. “He followed up later, like, ‘Hey, I hope I didn’t make you feel uncomfortable.’”In February, the mayor’s office announced that it will invest $30 million in women-led start-ups through a program called WE Venture, in coordination with private venture capital firms that have a track record in the area. Alicia Glen, the deputy mayor in charge of the initiative, said that she would be asking Able to provide tips about deals and female entrepreneurs worth watching.“You don’t want to let any smart woman or any good idea fall through the cracks simply because it doesn’t work for a particular fund manager,” Ms. Glen said. “Lisa probably gets pitched a lot of stuff that’s not ready for her but great for us. If we get pitched some wellness hemp thing that you put on your body and it makes you tall and skinny, well, they should go work with Lisa. I’m a middle-aged bureaucrat; I have no idea about that stuff.”‘Money is my spirit animal’At the Wing in January, the crowd cracked up at Ms. McLay’s line about wine and Kleenex and cheered at Ms. Arthur’s ability to dance her way past a PowerPoint glitch. After the presentations, the women stood at tables around the perimeter of the room to meet with audience members and investors.“She, her, they all have very strong handshakes,” Ms. Arthur said, nodding at two blazer-clad women who had given her their business cards. “You can tell they’re real investors.”At her table, Ms. McLay wore a T-shirt that read “Money is my spirit animal.” “It’s fun, it’s good for branding awareness, but we’ll see if the checks come in,” she said. “That’s the next step — what checks get written. Talk to me next week.”I called her the following week. She was in touch with five new potential investors. “We got money from Able, which is wonderful,” she said. “T.B.D. on other money. But I will say that the ones who are talking to me, I know they’re having the conversation because Able gave us money. Investors want to invest in whoever other people are investing in.” Even in the “anti-‘Shark Tank,’” some funder-founder dynamics transcend gender.To the Editor:Re “As Costs Surge, Cities’ Recycling Becomes Refuse” (front page, March 17):Your recycling story offers a parade of horribles and cites “hundreds” of failing programs. But how about the thousands of programs that continue to successfully collect, process and sell recyclables collected from the curbside?There have been several market downturns since curbside recycling took off in the late 1980s. This may be the worst, in part because of the expansion of these programs to collect materials such as mixed paper and mixed plastics that never had strong markets. Given unrealistic recycling goals and a failure to properly educate citizens on how to recycle properly, no wonder some programs are struggling.Yes, recycling is in a rough patch. Yet entrepreneurs are smelling opportunity in these raw materials. Sixteen paper mills in the United States have announced expansions in their capacity to use recycled paper. Seven of these mills specified that they will be using mixed paper as a raw material. I hope that in your next story on recycling, you will investigate successful programs such as Seattle’s or the one in my home county, Montgomery County, Maryland, and learn what is working.Chaz MillerSilver Spring, Md. The writer is chairman of the Recycling Markets Committee of the Northeast Recycling Council. To the Editor:Recycling took us down the wrong road, a detour from the problem of too much waste, particularly plastics. Many of these items are single use, made to be discarded. Even if these items were recycled, the process itself is wasteful, requiring energy to create new items, which often cannot be recycled further.We need to reduce packaging and create packaging that can be composted or will biodegrade naturally. For this we need more “green chemistry” to find alternatives to dangerous chemicals and elements. We also need to slow consumption. Buy less, of better quality, and keep it longer. Require that manufacturers take back their products once their useful life is done. Make products designed to last as long as possible, and design them for repair.Sound hard? Not as hard as dealing with the huge landfills and toxic chemicals that will result from the recycling crisis.Mary MakofskeWarwick, N.Y. To the Editor:I’m willing to risk the opprobrium of other readers by suggesting that the greatest share of blame for waste falls to us as consumers. Check your closets, drawers, attics, garages, anywhere you stash stuff. I’m willing to bet that 80 percent of the contents haven’t been used in the past 12 months.I know people who, having filled every conceivable nook and cranny in their residences, have to resort to renting storage spaces to house their junk. This is insanity. Every item that we store is something that was purchased, with all its attendant wasted packaging.We could reduce our waste disposal problem instantly by just keeping our wallets in our pockets, our Apple Pay turned off, our credit cards in the drawers and our fingers off the keyboards. Aside from the money you save and the waste you avoid, you may find time to enjoy the noncommercial things of life! Steven J. LiveseyNorman, Okla.To the Editor:As a regular traveler to Germany, I have long been impressed with its intensive and well-organized recycling efforts. I imagine that country faces many of the same challenges as the United States. An examination of other countries’ experiences, something frequently missing from our news coverage, would help us to better understand potential solutions to this vexing problem.Timothy M. EmpkieProvidence, R.I. SAN FRANCISCO — A decade ago, when the greed and carelessness of the financial industry came close to destroying the American economy, the overwhelming response by politicians and the public was: Meh. Almost instantly, all was forgiven and forgotten.Now the tech industry — which, among other impressive innovations, provides the world’s knowledge on demand, lets people freely broadcast their diverse opinions and has made shopping as easy as pushing a button — has made some mistakes of its own. It has abused privacy, squeezed the competition and casually spread hate. And that’s just the beginning of the list.Google, Facebook, Amazon and Apple might not get away as cleanly as Goldman Sachs and Citigroup. Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts senator who is seeking the Democratic presidential nomination, released proposals this month that would force tech breakups and impose severe restrictions on what remained. Another Democratic presidential candidate, Senator Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota, covered more briefly some of the same ground, saying, “We have a major monopoly problem.”At a moment when nearly everything in America seems wildly contentious, antitrust action against tech is getting a sober look. Antitrust is the nuclear bomb of regulatory policy, but the reaction to Ms. Warren’s and Ms. Klobuchar’s ideas was surprisingly receptive.“We’ve got to break these guys apart,” Ms. Warren said in an interview on “Face the Nation.” The show could name only one critic of her proposal: Howard Schultz, the Starbucks mogul, who is flirting with an independent run for president to the deep disregard of voters.“A billionaire, right?” Ms. Warren noted.For decades, a politician who mentioned “antitrust” was essentially arguing for more government oversight, which has been dangerous territory at least since the Ronald Reagan administration. “Antitrust” was relegated to the shelf with “socialism” and “wealth inequality” and “higher taxes for higher incomes.”It didn’t help that what could be called “maximum antitrust” — when the Justice Department decides a company is abusing its monopoly power and should be broken up — has a mixed history. The government dropped such a case against IBM in 1982 after more than a decade. It settled its case against Microsoft in 2001. Only AT&T, which agreed in 1982 to dissolve itself into a long-distance company and the seven Baby Bells, could be considered an unqualified success from the government’s point of view.The political landscape is shifting, however, at a speed that dumbfounds even antitrust experts. President Barack Obama thought of the tech companies in the way they think of themselves: as progressive, smart entrepreneurs who want what’s best for America. His administration declined to pursue Google on antitrust charges and hired from the tech industry for top posts. Top staff members later went to work for the tech industry in top posts, too. It was a cozy relationship.“Something has definitely changed,” said Geoffrey A. Manne, the founder of the International Center for Law and Economics, a think tank in Portland, Ore. “Most voters are very fond of Amazon, Apple, Google and even Facebook. But I think there’s also a growing sense of skepticism about all these companies. The shine has come off.”Mr. Manne, who has been a critic of the antitrust arguments against Google and has received funding from the search giant as well as from some of its competitors, including Comcast and AT&T, eviscerated Ms. Warren’s proposal with his colleague Alec Stapp in a recent blog post. They wrote that the senator’s plan to turn the top companies into heavily regulated “platform utilities” would make them as resistant to improvement as sewer systems or Amtrak.And yet, Mr. Manne conceded in an interview, increased regulation is an idea whose time may have come.“There is a long history in America — just not a recent one — of using the power of the state to counteract the economic power of private enterprise,” he said. “We may be at that moment again.”The financial firms were predatory last decade, exploiting weak spots in the mortgage markets in a way that undermined their viability. Google and Facebook, by contrast, offer their services for free, while Amazon built its reputation on selling as cheaply as possible. That makes it hard to regulate them by the antitrust consensus, which for a couple of decades has held that there is no injury unless consumers directly suffer by paying higher prices.Nothing is ever really free, of course, and there has been a dawning realization among some consumers that they are paying for these services with information about themselves. How most users feel about this seems up in the air, as evidenced by a new SurveyMonkey poll done for the news site Axios.The headline finding was that “a growing majority now views our online privacy as a crisis.” But deeper in the survey was the revelation that more than half the respondents said they were unwilling to pay to keep from being tracked by a service they were using. Twenty-one percent said they would pay less than $1 a month, and no more, for the right.Users, it seems, want it both ways: privacy and free services. This is the contradiction at the heart of the internet.Daniel Crane, an antitrust expert at the University of Michigan, said Ms. Warren’s proposal might be a hard sell to voters. “The median consumer probably feels that she gets lots of free goodies from Big Tech and will worry about what it would mean to go after them,” he said.But Mr. Crane noted that being broken up was the least of the companies’ worries. “A likelier consequence is that the next acquisition they want to make will be rejected,” he said. “Even just the rhetoric can complicate their lives and put pressure going forward.”That is already happening. One of the anti-competitive complaints about Amazon is that it prohibited its merchants from selling more cheaply elsewhere. That prevented a new platform from underselling Amazon and gaining a competitive edge.Amazon ended this practice in Europe six years ago, but it continued in the United States. Senator Richard Blumenthal, a Democrat from Connecticut, asked for regulators to investigate in December. Last week, Amazon confirmed that it had dropped the requirement.Antitrust talk emboldens competitors as well. Google controls much of the market for online ads in Australia, just as it does elsewhere. That presents a big problem for News Corporation, which owns eight of the 10 largest papers in the country.The Rupert Murdoch-controlled media conglomerate asked Australian regulators last week to take the “very serious step” of breaking up Google in the country because of the “unparalleled power that it currently exerts over news publishers and advertisers alike.”In this new environment, winning can soon look a lot like losing.Amazon opposed a proposal in Seattle last spring for a corporate tax to help the homeless, and succeeded in getting it cut in half. Then the retailer decided it just couldn’t live with the measure at all. A repeal effort began. The City Council killed the tax just as it was going into effect.At the time, that looked like another triumph for Amazon. But in the months since, even some of those who thought the tax was a bad idea have found their views evolving.“My feelings about Amazon have changed, and not in a good way,” said Julie Shapiro, a Seattle University professor of family law. “I think they want the ability to be a bully and, once they have it, they’re quite willing to use it.”That is the crux of the issue: Can a company be dominant without coming off as a bully? It is no accident that the company that was the subject of the biggest antitrust action in the last quarter-century — Microsoft — had a terrible reputation in the tech community. Voters love innovation, convenience and entrepreneurs. They don’t love bullies.Amazon failed to avoid bullying behavior in its now-abandoned bid to build a headquarters in New York, and Facebook likewise failed last week when it took down Ms. Warren’s posts about Facebook having too much power. The company, which said the posts had violated the use of its logo, quickly restored them, but the public relations damage had been done.“Curious why I think FB has too much power?” Ms. Warren tweeted. “Let’s start with their ability to shut down a debate over whether FB has too much power.”A federal judge gave Elon Musk and the Securities and Exchange Commission two weeks to resolve a dispute about whether Mr. Musk had violated a settlement he reached with the commission in October and should be held in contempt of court.Judge Alison J. Nathan of Federal District Court in Manhattan told both sides to “take a deep breath” and put on “their reasonableness pants” after a roughly 90-minute hearing attended by Mr. Musk, the chief executive of the electric car company Tesla.In Round 2 of the battle between the S.E.C. and Mr. Musk, the question for the judge came down to whether the voluble entrepreneur’s  Twitter post on Feb. 19 about Tesla’s production figures violated the terms of the October settlement.In the post, Mr. Musk said Tesla would produce about 500,000 cars in 2019. A month earlier, the company had said it would sell 360,000 to 400,000 cars this year. In a subsequent post, Mr. Musk said the company would in fact deliver about 400,000 cars in 2019.The S.E.C. contends the settlement required Mr. Musk to get approval from a Tesla lawyer before publishing any Twitter posts that include potentially market-sensitive information. Lawyers for Mr. Musk have countered that the message did not contain material information and that if Mr. Musk made an error he corrected it in the second post.The hearing focused on whether the requirement that Mr. Musk needs to have posts on Twitter approved in advance was clear enough to hold the billionaire executive in contempt. John Hueston, a lawyer for Mr. Musk, told Judge Nathan that there was too much ambiguity about when a statement needed to be reviewed. He called it a “murky policy.”A lawyer for the S.E.C. disagreed. But Judge Nathan said she, too, wondered if there was a “lack of clarity” and whether the settlement should be modified or struck down. Mr. Musk, who did not speak during the hearing but passed notes to his lawyer, nodded in approval at Judge Nathan’s remarks.[Tesla stock fell about 8 percent after it reported delivering fewer vehicles than expected in the first quarter.]After the hearing, surrounded by reporters, he said, “I feel very much loved,” before getting into the back seat of a Tesla Model S and being driven away.“I have great respect for Judge Nathan, and I’m pleased with her decision today,” Mr. Musk said in an emailed statement later in the day.The judge’s directive that the parties work out their differences is something of a victory for Mr. Musk, who could have been fined if he was found to be in contempt.The October settlement arose from a civil fraud complaint the S.E.C. filed against Mr. Musk and Tesla for a Twitter post in which he said he had “funding secured” to take the company private at $420 a share. It turned out that the plan to take the company private was not nearly as far along as Mr. Musk had suggested.Under the settlement, Tesla was required to establish procedures to oversee and preapprove Mr. Musk’s written communications, including Twitter posts, that might have material information about the company.The settlement forced Mr. Musk to step down as chairman of Tesla and pay a $20 million fine. The company paid the same fine.In his wrangling with the S.E.C., Mr. Musk has shown open disdain for the agency. Just days after reaching the settlement, he taunted regulators on Twitter, calling the commission the Short-seller Enrichment Commission. In an interview with the CBS News program “60 Minutes,” Mr. Musk said he did not respect the regulator.Judge Nathan never addressed Mr. Musk directly, other than acknowledging him at the beginning of the proceeding. At the end of the hearing, she said that regardless of how powerful a person is, a “court order is not optional.”Water towers are beloved fixtures of the New York skyline, inspiring urban myths and song lyrics (see: Beastie Boys and Bruce Springsteen). Five years ago, an artist even built a clandestine bar inside a water tower in Chelsea. Now, a tourist-friendly and Instagram-ready version has been erected in Brooklyn, on the rooftop of the new Williamsburg Hotel.The Water Tower, which opened in November, is built of steel and glass, rising some 175 feet. While the structure never held water, patrons don’t seem to mind as they take selfies next to the D.J. booth or on the wraparound balcony, with its panoramic views of actual water towers.The PlaceThe bar is in a hotel-packed corner of Williamsburg (the Hoxton, the William Vale and the Wythe are nearby). The circular space is roughly 800 square feet and is decked out with plush sofas, a mural of graphic posters, and floor-to-ceiling windows, the better to take advantage of the views.The CrowdOne Friday evening, a group of 30-something tech guys were laughing by the bar, while couples got cozy with cocktails and caviar on the chartreuse velvet sofas. As the night wore on, the crowd got younger and included a struggling actor, a film producer, a human resources director and the host of a music podcast. Some wore athleisure and fresh-white sneakers, others were in dresses and stilettos.The PlaylistD.J.s spin every night. Mike Vosters, a D.J. who also calls himself a “social entrepreneur,” played a mix of vintage Stevie Wonder on a recent night, along with new hits from Ariana Grande and Jax Jones. Despite his efforts, there was more posing and snapping than dancing. Getting inAn elevator takes guests straight up to the tower. Reservations (via email) are mandatory during cocktail hours (6 p.m. to 9 p.m.) and recommended after 10. Walk-ins are at the discretion of the doorman, and may involve a wait and a minimum order.DrinksThose views have a price. The “finely curated menu of artisanal cocktails,” as the hotel’s website describes it, includes the Heart of Gold, a negroni-like concoction infused with white truffles ($150). A cheaper option is the Message in a Bottle ($22), a water-themed drink made with blue algae, pineapple juice and añejo rum. “I tried to create something that looked like water,” said Rael Petit, the hotel’s beverage director.The Water Tower at the Williamsburg Hotel, 96 Wythe Avenue, Brooklyn; 718-362-8100; watertower@thewilliamsburghotel.com. Open Wednesday to Saturday, 6 p.m. to 4 a.m.At the end of each school year, Margarita Manzke and her seven siblings piled into the family car in Manila, where her father ran a fish-sauce factory, to drive to her mother’s resort in Subic Bay, on the west coast of Luzon, about two hours away. They spent summers there, not swimming and sunbathing like other families on vacation from the city. Not bobbing down the waves on boogie boards, or falling asleep under umbrellas with books in one hand and drinks in the other. Even as a teenager, Manzke was an entrepreneur. And summertime, free from the structure of daily classes and homework, was for one thing, and one thing only: engaging in the sport of friendly competition with her brothers and sisters.One summer, Manzke and her siblings learned to burn sugar to make the dark, sweet base for homemade sago at gulaman, the drink full of tapioca pearls and jellies. One of her brothers sold these chilled, at a prized location, to the sweaty, thirsty tourists that packed the beach. Big deal! Manzke paid a local butcher to slaughter three whole pigs and roast the meat so she could sell plates of crisp-skinned lechon to the same hungry beachgoers. When one of her sisters turned an empty cottage on the resort property into a makeshift bakery — a cache of sweets and layered cakes — Manzke leveled up, learning to make chocolate cakes filled with a soft custardy center and draw her own regular customers. Their father encouraged the children to be creative with their businesses to earn money for the school year, but they didn’t require much encouragement. “It was so fun,” Manzke said. “I look back and laugh, because I was really kind of insane.”By the time Manzke was in high school, she’d turned her attention to a book of Filipino desserts and sweets — a thin pamphlet, less than 50 pages long, that she found in the kitchen. It didn’t look like much, but in it, she found a recipe for the golden-colored date-and-walnut bars known in the Philippines as food for the gods. The sweet is especially popular around Christmas, when it’s sold in individually wrapped squares, like tiny fruitcakes. All December, at home in Manila, Manzke made batches of the bars after school, then woke up at 4 a.m. to pack them in the cute boxes she built out of pieces of corrugated cardboard, glue and dark green paint.Some batches were oilier than others. Some batches softer. Manzke liked the bars especially tender and chewy, packed with fruit and nuts. And as she refined the technique, based on the basic recipe in the pamphlet, more and more orders came in from her friends, and her friends’ parents, and her parents’ friends. She baked every day to keep up. “It was a lot of trial and error,” said Manzke, who noticed that creaming the butter too much, or using a light hand with the dates, would push the bars toward a more caky texture. Like any pastry chef in the making, she was now in a sweet, ongoing competition with herself, comparing each batch with the previous ones, and slowly moving toward an ideal.Manzke went on to culinary school, then moved to Los Angeles to work in restaurant kitchens. She sells her perfected date-and-walnut bars at République, the Los Angeles restaurant and bakery she runs with her husband, Walter, where the pastry case is packed each morning with strawberry-pistachio tarts, banana-Nutella crostatas and big chocolate-chip cookies. If you can’t get there, you can make them at home: Cut the dates nice and big. Keep an eye on the butter and sugar, so the mixture doesn’t get overly pale and airy. And don’t skimp on the fruit and nuts. If you follow Manzke’s simple techniques, you’ll get the chewiness that makes the bars so special on your very first try.Recipe: Date-and-walnut bars(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning.Efforts to get aid into Venezuela descend into violence, Kim Jong-un and President Trump prepare for their second conference and Hollywood suits up for the Oscars. Here’s the latest:Venezuelan aid standoff turns deadlyAt least two people were killed and 15 were injured in violent clashes along the country’s borders with Colombia and Brazil as opposition activists, led by Juan Guaidó, tried to clear the way for humanitarian aid to enter the country.The Venezuela National Guard, which has so far remained loyal to President Nicolás Maduro, fired tear gas and live ammunition at the groups. Only a smattering of aid made it through.Context: Food and medicine is desperately needed in the country, where a worsening economic and political crisis has left many basics unavailable.Getting the aid into Venezuela would have been a signal that Mr. Maduro’s grip on power was loosening, and would have been a symbolic victory for Mr. Guaidó, who declared himself the legitimate president of Venezuela last month.What next? Mr. Maduro severed diplomatic ties with Colombia, ordering diplomats from the neighboring country to leave within 24 hours.Mr. Guaidó and the U.S. vice president, Mike Pence, are scheduled to meet with the Lima Group of Latin American nations today to discuss new ways to pressure Mr. Maduro.U.S. and North Korea prepare for second summit meetingNorth Korea’s leader, Kim Jong-un, is en route from the capital city of Pyongyang to Vietnam, where he will meet with President Trump on Wednesday to discuss the North’s nuclear weapons program.Mr. Kim has chosen a vintage mode of travel: a train journey south through China, followed by a winding, mountainous road trip to Hanoi.Mr. Kim’s own jet is a decades-old Soviet-made plane that is short of spare parts. But borrowing a plane from China, as he did for his last meeting with President Trump, in Singapore, showcases North Korea’s reliance on China.The U.S. perspective: The discussions in Hanoi, the Vietnamese capital, will be a major test of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo’s leadership. He must prevent Mr. Trump from undermining any U.S. leverage over North Korea, while remaining in the president’s good graces.Goal: After the last summit meeting, Mr. Trump declared that “there is no longer a nuclear threat” from North Korea, a statement U.S. intelligence agencies disputed. This time, the U.S. is trying to extract a timetable for denuclearization.China’s entrepreneurs lose confidenceThe business elite that fueled so much of the country’s economic growth are increasingly worried that Beijing won’t pursue the liberalization needed to keep the momentum going.Since President Xi Jinping took over the Communist Party in 2012, control of every aspect of society — including the private sector — has increased. Some entrepreneurs have been “disappeared” by the government to assist in the anticorruption campaigns.Our New New World columnist, Li Yuan, found that pessimism is so high that some businesspeople are drawing comparisons to Venezuela, where government control of the economy ruined its prospects.By the numbers: Only a third of China’s rich people say they are confident in the country’s future, according to a recent study by a Shanghai-based research firm. Nearly half of the hundreds of wealthy individuals surveyed said they were considering migrating or have already begun the process.Economics and trade: China’s economy is slowing, and the trade war with the U.S. has further pinched growth. President Trump says that he two sides are moving closer to an agreement and that he will meet with Mr. Xi in Florida next month to hammer out final details.And the Oscar goes to …The Academy Awards will kick off shortly and we’ll bring you live coverage of the ceremony here.Predictions: Our awards season columnist believes the Netflix film “Roma” will go home with the best picture prize. Here’s a list of all of his forecasts.The good, the bad, the controversies: We look back at the artistic merits of this year’s best picture nominees and all the beef surrounding those titles.Here’s what else is happeningThe Vatican: Pope Francis, closing out a landmark meeting on clerical sexual abuse in the Roman Catholic Church, called for “an all-out battle against the abuse of minors” but didn’t offer the concrete policies demanded by many of the faithful.Saudi Arabia: The kingdom appointed a princess as its new ambassador to the U.S., the first time a woman has been named to such a post. The move seemed aimed at hitting reset on relations between the two countries, which soured over the killing of the dissident Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi.India-Pakistan: Seven decades after the British divided India to create Pakistan, the first museum devoted to the chaos that followed — mass migration, murders, riots and rapes — opened in Amritsar, a city near the border. Curating its exhibits was fraught with risks for the eyewitnesses interviewed and for religious minorities in India.Japan: The country is combating the worst measles outbreak in years, with a total of 167 cases reported as of Feb. 10, according to health officials. Many of the cases were people connected to a religious group that promotes alternative healing and avoids vaccinations.Afghanistan: A U.N. report released amid peace talks shows that 2018 was the single deadliest year for civilians in the war-torn country, with children dying in record numbers last year. Roughly two-thirds of the civilian casualties were attributed to operations by insurgent groups, primarily the Taliban and the Islamic State, and 24 percent to Afghan and American forces.The U.S. dollar: Despite a ballooning public debt and fractured politics, the dollar has remained supreme around the world, enhancing President Trump’s ability to dictate foreign policy and trade deals.Sex trafficking: A vast investigation in Florida and New York uncovered a multimillion-dollar prostitution operation in which women who the police believe were brought from China on false promises of jobs were trapped in brothels sometimes visited by the rich and famous.Australia: A billionaire businessman and well-connected political donor, Chau Chak Wing, won a defamation case against Fairfax Media over a 2015 report linking him to an international bribery scandal involving a former top U.N. official. Mr. Chau was awarded about $200,000 in damages, but Fairfax Media said it would appeal.R. Kelly: The R&B singer was charged with 10 counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse involving four women, three of whom had been minors at the time. He resolved several earlier such cases with nondisclosure agreements, but his actions have come under fresh scrutiny after BuzzFeed and a recent six-part documentary, “Surviving R. Kelly,” reported on his apparent sex cult.Charles Dickens: The famed novelist and journalist not only sought to banish his wife of two decades, Catherine, after their separation in 1858 but also tried to have her imprisoned in an asylum, in an attempt to maintain a tight control over his image, according to newly revealed letters.Smarter Living Tips for a more fulfilling life.Recipe of the day: This creamy turmeric pasta uses mostly pantry staples.Digital wellness: Are you addicted to your smartphone? Our tech columnist decided to kick his habit. Here’s how he did it.Remodeling? Software, like free floor-plan apps and augmented-reality tools, could help you sketch out your ideas.Back Story One edition of our Friday Morning Briefing included a photograph of the actor Sidney Poitier standing in front of the Apollo Theater and said that he was in Midtown Manhattan.Sharp-eyed readers asked whether we didn’t mean Harlem, where the storied theater on 125th Street has been a cultural institution for the African-American community in New York City and beyond for 85 years.But there was also an Apollo Theater on 42nd Street. The Times reviewed its opening production in 1920, a musical comedy called “Jimmie.”The Apollo in the picture with Mr. Poitier fell into disrepair but reopened in 1979 as the New Apollo, to differentiate it from the one uptown. It was demolished in 1996, and the Lyric Theater, currently home to “Harry Potter and the Cursed Child,” stands in its place.There’s also an Apollo Theater in London. Why such a popular name? Apollo was the Greek god of music and poetry.Chris Stanford, on the briefings team, wrote today’s Back Story.Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning. You can also receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights.And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers.Browse our full range of Times newsletters here.What would you like to see here? Contact us at asiabriefing@nytimes.com.The fatal shooting of Nipsey Hussle, the Grammy-nominated rapper and community advocate, appears to have arisen from a personal dispute, the chief of the Los Angeles Police Department said on Tuesday.Nipsey Hussle and two other men were standing outside a clothing store he co-owned in South Los Angeles on Sunday when the suspect, identified as Eric Holder, 29, of Los Angeles, approached and spoke with them, returning multiple times before opening fire, the police chief, Michel R. Moore, said at a news conference.“Based on witness statements and the background of those that we’ve identified, we believe this to be a dispute between Mr. Hussle and Mr. Holder,” he said, declining to elaborate. “We believe they were known to each other.”Chief Moore later added that Mr. Holder was thought to be a member of a gang, but that the police did not believe the shooting was related to gang rivalries. Mr. Holder was arrested later on Tuesday.[Read more about the suspect’s arrest.]Chief Moore also said that a stampede at a vigil for Nipsey Hussle on Monday night, in which more than a dozen people were injured, was the result of a panic stemming from a struggle over a handgun that was pulled out, but not fired, at the memorial.“We had a series of falls, trips and injuries from the glass and other materials that were there, and that was the vast majority of the injuries that we saw,” he said.Margaret Stewart, a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles Fire Department, said Monday night that at least 19 people had been transported to hospitals, including two in critical condition and two in serious condition. One of the patients in critical condition was hit by a car.Another person was stabbed, Chief Moore said, and two women who arrived at a hospital with gunshot wounds said they were shot at the vigil after first reporting that they had been injured elsewhere. He added that while he was not questioning their account, a police commander at the vigil did not report hearing any gunfire.Hundreds of fans and supporters had gathered throughout the day outside Marathon Clothing, the store that Nipsey Hussle co-owned and outside of which he was shot, to pay tribute to the rapper, entrepreneur and community activist.[“He meant everything to the community”: Nipsey Hussle’s Crenshaw neighborhood was shaken by the shooting.]Nipsey Hussle, born Ermias Joseph Asghedom, was remembered by city officials on Tuesday as a gifted artist and passionate advocate for the South Los Angeles community in which he was raised.“He was working closely with the city to help save lives and transform lives, even as he was doing that for himself,” Mayor Eric Garcetti said at the news conference. “He was a tireless advocate for the young people of this city and of this world, to lift them up with the possibility of not being imprisoned by where you come from or past mistakes.”The rapper was scheduled to meet on Monday afternoon with representatives from Roc Nation, Jay-Z’s entertainment company, and police officials to discuss how the community could support efforts to stop gang violence and help children in the area.ImageThe Los Angeles police identified Eric Holder, 29, as a suspect in the shooting of Nipsey Hussle.CreditLos Angeles Police DepartmentHis death was felt particularly deeply in Crenshaw, the neighborhood he grew up in and rapped about and where he maintained a regular presence. His fans said he offered hope, advocated self-improvement and financially invested in the community, which has long struggled with violent crime.He opened a co-working space dedicated to increasing diversity in science, technology, engineering and mathematics, and helped to promote black arts and culture.His debut studio album, “Victory Lap,” was nominated for best rap album at the Grammys last year and debuted at No. 4 on the Billboard chart. He was in a relationship with the actress and model Lauren London and had two children, Kross and Emani.“I am completely lost,” Ms. London wrote in an Instagram post on Tuesday evening. “I’ve lost my best friend.”Businesses can deliver everything on demand, from dinner to dry cleaning. Some will even show up at your door to give you cupcakes or walk your dog. Now, entrepreneurs are exploring a growing niche: health care.Start-ups are offering access to doctors, prescription drugs and wellness programs as fast and easy as hailing an Uber driver. Experts say this is the early stages of a movement that could disrupt the health services industry, which critics have long contended suffers from soaring costs and reduced access to care. Seven in 10 Americans in a recent Gallup poll said they believed health care was “in a state of crisis” or had “major problems.”“Health care delivery is so broken that we need to explore new channels — new conduits — and this represents one of them,” said Dr. Eric Topol, a cardiologist and the author of “The Patient Will See You Now.”The on-demand economy, which offers consumers immediate access to goods and services, surged 58 percent in 2017 from the previous year to an estimated $75.7 billion, according to a study by Rockbridge Associates, a market research firm.As the industry swells, dozens of health and wellness companies are tapping the trend.Heal, DispatchHealth, MedZed, Dose Healthcare and Pager will send a doctor or a nurse practitioner to a person’s home or workplace to treat nonemergency problems like strep throat or a sprained ankle. The I.V. Doc offers intravenous treatments for conditions like jet lag, hangovers and food poisoning. And Capsule will deliver prescriptions to a person’s doorstep.“People want convenience,” said Josh York, founder of GymGuyz, a “gym on wheels” that sends a trainer and fitness equipment to customers’ homes. “You could get your pizza delivered but you couldn’t get your workout delivered, and I thought, ‘This is where the future is going.’”GymGuyz and other start-ups, like the I.V. Doc, were bootstrapped by the founders’ friends and family. But some — especially on-demand medical companies, like Heal and DispatchHealth — needed substantial cash to hire doctors, lease vehicles and bring in administrative staff to handle insurance claims.Cue the investors, many of whom are hunting for the next billion-dollar opportunity.Samir M. Patel, a principal and co-founder of IRA Capital, was so impressed with Heal after using it for at-home visits and an annual physical in his office that he became an investor.“To us, this feels like we’re investing in Uber in 2010,” Mr. Patel said. “This is going to revolutionize and change the entire health care industry.”Uber, a pioneer in the on-demand economy, could be worth as much as $120 billion as it prepares for an initial public offering this year.Heal has raised $70 million from such investors as the former Qualcomm executive chairman Paul Jacobs, Tull Investment Group and the singer Lionel Richie, while DispatchHealth has raised $36 million from such investors as Questa Capital and Alta Partners.But the potential to be the next “unicorn” — a start-up valued at $1 billion or more — has created a crowded field.The popularity of the I.V. Doc prompted a flurry of smaller companies, like IVDrips, Drip Hydration and the Hangover Club/NutriDrip, to offer similar services — sometimes at cheaper prices. To fend off competition, the I.V. Doc recently expanded to offer injectable drugs, like Botox and Restylane, as well as postoperative care for plastic surgery.Large tech companies are seeking a bigger share of the more than $3 trillion spent annually on health care in the United States. Amazon, which has been making an aggressive push into health care, announced last year that it would buy PillPack, an online service that organizes and delivers prescription medications. Apple and Alphabet, Google’s parent company, have also made significant acquisitions as they accelerate their efforts on new technologies for doctors, patients and consumers.“Health care is a $3.5 trillion industry — who wouldn’t want a piece of that?” said Jeff Becker, a senior analyst and health care IT expert at Forrester.But start-ups are facing challenges on their path to financial viability. Because mobility brings extra liability, one of the biggest roadblocks is insurance for themselves. Problems can crop up on the road, like traffic accidents, or in a customer’s home, like an equipment malfunction. Or perhaps a doctor, lacking sufficient equipment, makes an incorrect diagnosis. These headaches can make it difficult for start-ups to find proper protection.Dr. Adam Nadelson, the founder of the I.V. Doc, approached five insurers in 2013 before finally finding one to sign on.“It was a mixture of them not understanding what we were doing and then some gave us a price that was just outrageous,” he said.Mr. York of GymGuyz had more than 30 meetings over six months to get an insurer before starting his company in 2008.“It was very very hard; I had to really paint the vision and meet with a lot of people because the business was so different,” Mr. York said. “The doors were shut on me so hard that my nose was hurting.”Insurance not only protects the company, business owners say, it also covers employees, who take a risk entering a private residence.“We have walked into a house and somebody had a gun or walked into a yard where there’s a pit bull,” said Dr. Mark Prather, chief executive and co-founder of DispatchHealth. Both DispatchHealth and Heal always send two people to house calls for safety and efficiency.Getting their customers’ health care insurers on board is equally critical, and providers are slowly coming around.Owners who offer medical care contend that their business model will save insurers money because people will seek medical attention sooner if it’s fast, easy and affordable and does not require monthlong waits for an appointment or long waits in a doctor’s office. And they say early detection and treatment could prevent a problem from morphing into a debilitating illness that later requires an emergency room visit or hospitalization. Visits to the E.R. can cost $1,000 to $2,500, Dr. Prather said.Entrepreneurs point out another benefit: Their doctors and nurses can identify health triggers in a patient’s home.A Los Angeles man who had called for a Heal doctor complained of migraine headaches, recalled Nick Desai, a co-founder of Heal. The man had been to eight doctors, had three M.R.I. scans and had tried multiple medications. When the Heal doctor arrived, he noticed black mold.“So the patient hired a cleaning person to clean the black mold — and his migraine headaches were gone,” Mr. Desai said.Insurers are beginning to add on-demand services to their plans and even forming managed care partnerships with start-ups to visit people at home with chronic conditions, like hypertension and diabetes. Anthem, Health Net, Blue Shield, Aetna, CareFirst, United Healthcare, Cigna and Medicare are among the insurers that cover Heal visits in many of their P.P.O. plans, Mr. Desai said.As their businesses expand, owners must navigate complex health care regulations, which can vary from state to state.“Every state acts as their own country, with their own kooky laws, and understanding those rules and regulations costs an obscene amount of money in legal fees to understand how to operate one’s business,” Dr. Nadelson said.Before Amazon bought PillPack, it tried to enter the world of prescription drugs with a deal to acquire a stake in Drugstore.com. But it ran into regulatory challenges, and the effort was derailed. Amazon found a solution in PillPack, which has pharmacy licenses in 50 states and relationships with the major pharmacy benefit managers and insurers.Despite the barriers, experts believe on-demand health services are here to stay.“This has the potential to be life-altering,” said Dr. Griffin Myers, a co-founder and the chief medical officer at Oak Street Health, a network of primary care practices for people on Medicare.COTATI, Calif. — Uber’s public stock offering next month will make a bunch of people remarkably rich. Peter Ashlock is not one of them, although he has toiled for the ride-hailing company almost since the beginning.Mr. Ashlock, who will be 71 next week, has racked up more than 25,000 trips as an Uber driver since 2012. His Nissan Altima has 218,000 miles on it — nearly the distance to the moon. His passengers rate him 4.93 out of five stars. His favorite review: “Dude drove like a cabdriver.”While he is an integral part of Uber’s success, Mr. Ashlock is barely getting by. His 2018 tax return will show an adjusted gross income in the neighborhood of $40,000, better than 2016 and 2017. But he has maxed out his $3,200 credit limit at the local Midas car-repair shop and needs to come up with $5,000 to pay his taxes. He has Social Security but no savings to buy a new car that will let him keep working.Silicon Valley has always been a lottery where immense wealth is secured by a few while everyone else must hope for better luck some other time. Rarely, however, has the disparity been on such stark display as with Uber. Its stock market value is expected to be about $100 billion, which would make it one of the richest Silicon Valley public offerings of all time.[Uber is losing $1.8 billion a year, its I.P.O. filing reveals.]Among those with something to celebrate: Uber’s founders, the Japanese conglomerate SoftBank, the elite venture capitalists Benchmark and Google’s GV, Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund and the mutual fund giant Fidelity. Some have already cashed in. Travis Kalanick, Uber’s co-founder and chief executive until he was forced out after a series of scandals, reaped $1.4 billion by selling fewer than a third of his shares to private investors in 2017.As independent contractors, drivers are not eligible for employee benefits like paid vacations or stock options. Uber said Thursday that it would offer bonuses of $100 to $10,000 to long-serving drivers. Its chief competitor, Lyft, did the same when it went public in March.Mr. Ashlock, who lives with his wife, Daphne, in a rented house in the rural community of Cotati, 50 miles north of San Francisco, will take as much as he can get. But don’t call it a triumph.“Ever see W. C. Fields in ‘The Bank Dick’?” he asked. “He catches a robber and retrieves the stolen $25,000, so the president of the bank gives him a hearty hand clasp and a beautiful illustrated calendar advertising the bank. It’s trivial.”Mr. Ashlock illustrates the hollow promise of the so-called gig economy, which billed itself as being superior to the usual manager-employee relationship. It promised to harness the power of technology to liberate the struggling millions.“Uber is a new way of working: It’s about people having the freedom to start and stop work when they want, at the push of a button,” Mr. Kalanick said in 2016.The old-style taxi companies were an ideal villain. Taxi drivers, Uber proclaimed, were oppressed workers. In a 2014 press release, it said cabdrivers were required to spend “over $40,000 per year just to lease their taxi, so that wealthy taxi company owners can reap the benefits of drivers having no other option to make a living.”Being an Uber driver, by contrast, was “sustainable and profitable,” the company said. Drivers were described as entrepreneurs with a median income of $74,000 in San Francisco and $90,000 in New York. A Denver cabby who switched to Uber was quoted: “I feel emancipated.”The Federal Trade Commission found the claims to be false advertising, and the company agreed to a $20 million settlement.Mr. Ashlock spent a decade as a San Francisco cabdriver in the 1970s and 1980s as he sought to make a living as an artist. He recalls taking home about $500 a week, equivalent to $1,500 now. He bought gas for the cab but did not have to worry about repairs or upkeep.In 2018, working mostly for Uber and a small amount for Lyft, he drove and drove and drove. That produced gross receipts of $88,661. The companies took $20,000 in commissions and fees. He can deduct $30,000 on his taxes for gas and depreciation. A small class-action settlement and Social Security helped his bottom line, but payments on an old student loan hurt it.The more Mr. Ashlock drives, the faster his car depreciates, but it also speeds closer the moment when he will need to spend $23,000 he doesn’t have on a new Altima. He’s driving to pay his car-repair bills — $5,000 in the last six months, plus new tires.“That was Uber’s big innovation — make the drivers absorb the overhead,” he said.“It’s your classic rat race,” said Michael Reich, an expert on the economics of ride-sharing and a co-chairman of the Center on Wage and Employment Dynamics at the University of California, Berkeley. “You get deeper into a hole over time.”Getting out poses its own problems. In a country that values the young and cheap, Mr. Ashlock has few other options to make a living.“I am rather at Uber’s mercy,” he said.Driving for Uber is not a profession that lends itself to fame, but Mr. Ashlock has achieved more than any of his three million peers around the world. He has been quoted extensively, becoming one of ride-sharing’s public faces by presenting a driver’s point of view.He is not an activist. There was a recent strike by drivers in Los Angeles. Mr. Ashlock didn’t even hear about it. When he gets really mad at Uber, his rebellion goes only as far as driving for Lyft. That’s what he did for much of 2017. His adjusted gross income that year was $22,378.His wife, a retired horse trainer who has problems with her health, is not an agitator, either. “I am numb to the whole subject of driving,” she said.On a recent Wednesday, Mr. Ashlock packed a corned beef sandwich, carrots, some C4 energy powder mixed with water, and a Kirkland Extra Strength Energy Shot. At 4:23 p.m., he set off for San Francisco, where the rides are.He was on a Quest. This is Uber-speak for goals the company offers. If he completed 60 trips by Friday morning, for instance, he would get a $30 bonus. An additional 20 trips would yield a further $10. Uber needs drivers out on the streets — if riders have to wait, they might take their own car.If Mr. Ashlock does not choose a Quest, he is assigned one. For full-time drivers, the goals can be lucrative if undependable: Nearly a quarter of Mr. Ashlock’s take-home pay from Uber last year was in the form of incentives. This one, however, was too small to bother with. “Thirty dollars,” he said, “is like ‘I don’t care.’”A few minutes after 3 a.m., Mr. Ashlock was home again. According to Uber, he had made 25 trips in nine hours. He earned $200 in rides after Uber’s commission, plus $11 in tips and a $13 promotional bonus.That’s nearly $25 an hour, which sounds impressive. But it cost $47 to fill up the Altima with gas. And he was actually working longer than he was on the clock. After he dropped off his last passenger and turned off the Uber app, it was 65 miles back to his house.He and his wife used to live in Crockett, which is 20 miles closer to San Francisco, but were evicted when their place was sold two years ago. Their Cotati home, a former farm building, is a bargain for the pricey Bay Area at $1,400 a month. There is lots of room to make art but little natural light.Mr. Ashlock is unsentimental about the cab companies of the past. He knew three cabbies who were murdered. Drivers are safer now, since a credit card is needed to establish an account and get a ride. And they serve people and neighborhoods they never served before.But vomiting is up. Before, he could choose not to pick up 22-year-olds who seemed to have had too much to drink; now he must commit to riders before he sees them. A few times a year, passengers hurl in the back seat.Impersonality is up, too. For Uber to be worth $100 billion, it cannot afford to have lots of humans dealing with the drivers. On a recent Saturday night, just as he was winding down a week with 120 trips, Mr. Ashlock got an email from Uber.“Hi Peter,” it said. “A rider mentioned that an argument on a recent trip with you made them feel uncomfortable.”Which rider? When? What did Mr. Ashlock supposedly say? No details were provided. At other times, Uber’s attempts to be chummy can be grating. In a review of Mr. Ashlock’s March, it observed: “You drove the most at night. You must be quite the night owl.”Uber and Lyft are the first two Silicon Valley companies to go public that rely on millions of low-paid workers. That bothered an anonymous Uber employee, who recently wrote on Medium that “we need to do right by our drivers” and called for an end to “exploitative labor practices imposed on a systemically disempowered work force.”Uber declined to comment, citing the pre-I.P.O. quiet period.On days off, Mr. Ashlock works on his art. He has created mixed-media heads of loved ones, as well as of public figures who irritate him. Mr. Kalanick was an inevitable choice.The entrepreneur’s hair is made of shredded currency, painstakingly glued on a strip at a time. A Yellow Cab is crashing into his left cheek. There is a tattoo of Ayn Rand, the high prophet of selfishness, on his neck.“The sculpture makes me smile,” Mr. Ashlock said. “It’s the only thing about Uber that does.”By the 1950s, men had been seeking — and failing to find — a remedy for hair loss since at least 1550 B.C., when doctors in ancient Egypt recommended anointing bald scalps with the fat of a Nubian ibex or a crushed black lizard boiled in oil.Then along came a young dermatologist named  Norman Orentreich, who tried an experiment: transplanting hair from the back of the head to the scalp. And lo, the transplanted hair grew.Thanks in part to his discovery, a multibillion-dollar global hair transplant industry now exists to provide long-term relief for receding hairlines. His breakthrough also established him as a maverick in cosmetic medicine and a magnet for media coverage, and it ultimately embedded hair plugs in American culture as a totem of male midlife crises — as well as the butt of late-night television jokes.Dr. Orentreich (pronounced OR-en-trike), who died on Jan. 23 at 96, went on to develop other cosmetic countermeasures for aging, but not without controversy. One of his novel treatments — injecting tiny droplets of liquid silicone in the skin to smooth facial wrinkles — raised concerns among some of his peers and drew regulatory scrutiny.In the early 1990s, the Food and Drug Administration said it was illegal to inject silicone, a durable substance that over time may cause ridges in the skin and discoloration, and ordered Dr. Orentreich to stop injecting it into people.Dr. Orentreich’s pioneering approach and personal attention drew actors, artists, models, publishing executives and other high-profile clients to his office, the Orentreich Medical Group, on Fifth Avenue on Manhattan’s Upper East Side.New York Magazine in 1968 described a reporter overhearing Dr. Orentreich tell his nurse that Cary Grant was “not to be kept waiting.” In his diaries, Andy Warhol recounted making an office visit, accompanied by the novelist Truman Capote, in which “Dr. Orentreich gave us free samples” and then “removed the veins from my nose.”Helen Gurley Brown, the editor of Cosmopolitan magazine, once described Dr. Orentreich’s treatments as insider beauty secrets.“I have very fragile hair, and I go to Dr. Orentreich once a month for injections, and that place is wall to wall people,” Ms. Brown told Interview Magazine in 1973. “A lot of them are famous, but of course he ushers them right in and out. But do you think any of these people will admit what they are having done?”In addition to transplants and injections, Dr. Orentreich often prescribed face creams and other products of his own devising.In 1967, his views on maintaining youthful skin — and his status as a skin-care guru to many boldfaced names — attracted splashy coverage in Vogue magazine. The article was headlined, “Can Great Skin Be Created?”Soon, Leonard A. Lauder of Estée Lauder, the cosmetics company founded by his mother, recruited Dr. Orentreich — along with the Vogue editor, Carol Phillips, who had written the article — to help create Clinique, a clinical skin-care line for younger women.Introduced in 1968, the brand came in antiseptic-looking packages and used clinical-sounding phrases like “allergy-tested.” Its beauty counter salespeople wore white lab coats. Dr. Orentreich even helped devise a beauty counter “Clinique Computer,” a device using algorithms to determine a customer’s skin type.Clinique quickly became a department store blockbuster. Its best-selling product, Dramatically Different Moisturizing Lotion, was based on one of Dr. Orentreich’s formulas, and buying it at a beauty counter became a rite of passage for many teenage girls.It was the second multibillion-dollar market that he had a hand in advancing. Today, American beauty products that apply ideas from dermatology to promote skin health or treat problems like acne are cosmetic industry staples.“We were the first, we were the inventor of it — and anyone else is a wannabe,” Mr. Lauder, now the chairman emeritus of the Estée Lauder Companies, said in a telephone interview.Although Dr. Orentreich’s name was not listed on Clinique’s products, his role as its guiding dermatologist paved the way decades later for entrepreneurial plastic surgeons and dermatologists to develop and market skin-care brands under their own names.“He was the groundbreaker there,” said Dr. Michael Kane, a plastic surgeon in New York who had patients in common with Dr. Orentreich and who started his own skin-care line, Kane NY.Norman Orentreich was born on Dec. 26, 1922, in Manhattan and, with his younger brother, Seymour, grew up in tenements on the Lower East Side.His father, David Orentreich, an immigrant from Austria, was a tailor in the garment district. His mother, Anna Scheiner, from Poland, ran a store selling household items.Dr. Orentreich’s entrepreneurial bent emerged early on. He learned to drive when he was 13 during the Great Depression, and earned money parking cars.He graduated from Stuyvesant High School in Manhattan in 1939 and from City College of New York with a bachelor’s in biology and chemistry.While he was an undergraduate, Dr. Orentreich met his future wife, Roslyn Seidner, who was in high school. He was 19 and she was 16. The meeting had been arranged by their parents. Her father, a furrier, had met his father through the garment industry.Dr. Orentreich received an introduction to medicine after he was drafted into the Navy during World War II. From 1943 to 1945, he was stationed at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, where he served in the Navy Medical Corps as a pharmacist’s mate, helping medical officers examine recruits.After the war he attended what is now the New York University School of Medicine, graduating in 1948. From 1950 to 1953 he did postgraduate training in dermatology at the N.Y.U. Medical Center’s skin and cancer unit. He became head of the unit’s hair clinic in 1953.But the medical understanding of hair loss was still in its early stages, and the young doctor had few treatments to offer. To learn more about hair growth and loss, he devised a research study, in which he punched out small circles of skin from the back and front of men’s scalps. He then transplanted the hair that he had removed from the back of the head to bald areas in the front.He soon discovered that the hair he had transplanted from the “donor zone” kept growing, as if it was still in its original place. He termed this phenomenon “donor dominance.”It was a eureka moment. And it led Dr. Orentreich to begin developing hair transplantation surgery as a viable, medically proven treatment.But his idea was so revolutionary that a major dermatology journal declined to publish his research. It was eventually published in the Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences, in 1959. Over the decades, other doctors would refine hair transplantation surgery.Dr. Orentreich kept innovating. In the 1970s, he created  a skin exfoliation sponge made out of soft, synthetic mesh. The 3M company bought the patent and developed the product as the Buf-Puf.He also established the Orentreich Foundation for the Advancement of Science, which studies aging, in the Hudson River village of Cold Spring, N.Y.His son, Dr. David Orentreich, said his father died of complications of pneumonia in Manhattan. In addition to him, he is survived by two daughters, Dr. Catherine Orentreich and Sari Mass, and four grandchildren. David and Catherine Orentreich, both dermatologists, continue to run their father’s practice and also consult for Clinique.MILAN — Preparatory cartoons for Renaissance frescoes — the full-scale drawings that artists used to transfer their designs to the wall — rarely survived the finished commission. Functional and fragile, they weren’t meant for posterity.But thankfully, Raphael’s cartoon for “The School of Athens,” a famous fresco in the Vatican, survived.Commissioned in 1508, the fresco is part of the decoration of a suite of four rooms in the Pontifical Palace — now known as Raphael’s Rooms — that Pope Julius II used as his residence. Along with the Sistine Chapel, these rooms are among the Vatican’s biggest draws.This week the cartoon for the “School of Athens” has gone on public view again after a four-year restoration by the Pinacoteca Ambrosiana, an art gallery in Milan that has had the cartoon in its collection for some 400 years.The boldly colored fresco was painted by Raphael and his assistants, and is set just above eye level. The cartoon, however, was drawn by Raphael alone, and the new layout of the room that houses it — now placed inside a state-of-the-art vitrine with nonreflective glass — lets visitors get up close, enough to detect individual charcoal strokes and shading.Measuring 26 feet by nine feet, it is an outsized testimony to Raphael’s talents.“There are details in the cartoon, sketched in charcoal, that are remarkable for their originality,” Antonella Ranaldi, Milan’s principal official in charge of art and archaeology, said at a news conference on Monday. “It is a precious testimony,” she said.Its value must have been evident to Raphael’s contemporaries, and rather than use the cartoon itself for the fresco, a copy was used and the original was preserved. That copy was destroyed through use when the outlines of the figures and details were pricked with pins, and the cartoon was dabbed with a cloth bag containing charcoal powder to transfer the image to the wallsThe cartoon has been exhibited — off and on — at the Pinacoteca Ambrosiana since 1610, and its founder, Cardinal Federico Borromeo, bought the drawing for the collection in 1626 for 600 imperial lire, “an exorbitant price at the time,” the director of the Pinacoteca, the Rev. Alberto Rocca, said Monday. “It shows how much he wanted it,” he said.One significant restoration of the cartoon was carried out in 1797-78 at the Louvre in Paris, where it ended up — along with other works — after Napoleon’s troops swept through northern Italy in 1796.Since 1966 it has been on display in its own room at the Pinacoteca, but it was set back behind a guardrail. In the new arrangement, visitors can walk directly up to vitrine, made by the Italian display case experts Goppion, who claim it is the largest single-door vitrine in the world.Five years ago, the cartoon came under the scrutiny of a fresh crop of scholars and restorers, who were concerned about its state of conservation. Funded through a private donation, the restoration took four years because of its complex nature, and required various stages of intervention, said the chief restorer, Maurizio Michelozzi. It might have taken time, but it served to provide “a better understanding of the masterpiece,” Mr. Michelozzi said.Because the cartoon was drafted before Raphael began painting the rooms, several figures from the finished fresco in the Vatican are conspicuously absent, including one seated at the base of the steps, leaning against a block of marble. This has traditionally been identified as a portrait of Michelangelo, who was painting the ceiling of the nearby Sistine Chapel while Raphael worked at “The School of Athens” in the papal apartments. Also missing is the figure wearing a black beret on the far right, thought to be a self-portrait of Raphael.Monsignor Rocca said that Cardinal Borromeo, the Pinacoteca’s founder, accused the people of Milan of “spending all their money on dogs and horses: motorcycles and Ferraris in today’s world.” But the restoration — financed by Ramo, the company of Giuseppe Rabolini, an art collector and entrepreneur who died in August 2018 — disproves that criticism, he said.The cartoon has been “fundamental in our history and we are enthusiastic about the results,” he said. Its restoration, he added, “is the fruit of an act of love for art.”UNDERGROUND A Human History of the Worlds Beneath Our Feet By Will HuntA book can often have its greatest impact by rethinking familiar terrain, forcing readers to reconsider their entrenched preconceptions. Sometimes this comes from embracing an unexpected vantage point, as in Howard Zinn’s classic “A People’s History of the United States,” which chronicled American history from the bottom up rather than the top down. The sociologist Sudhir Venkatesh’s work examines the unseen economic and social forces operating all around us; his last book, “Floating City: Hustlers, Strivers, Dealers, Call Girls and Other Lives in Illicit New York,” has forever colored my interactions with the city’s hotel concierges, bartenders and bodega owners.Will Hunt taps into our deep fascination with what lies beneath the surface of things by exploring, quite literally, what’s going on beneath the surface. His book, “Underground: A Human History of the Worlds Beneath Our Feet,” delves into the natural and manufactured caves, catacombs, mines and tunnels that dot the globe in both urban and rural settings. Using assorted scientists, tribesmen, urban adventurers and other locals as his guides, Hunt has spent years burrowing into the most storied holes in the grounds.ImageCreditGonzalo Fuentes/ReutersIn following his journey — from New York’s subways to the Parisian catacombs and from Australian ochre mines to the prehistoric caves of the French Pyrenees — it soon becomes clear that Hunt is less interested in what he actually finds underground than in his own obsession with this dark world. Yes, we encounter plenty of graffiti, cave paintings, stalactites, subterranean creatures and remnants of religious rituals. But “Underground” is most concerned with understanding the fixation, shared by humans for millenniums, with these hidden realms.The connections Hunt makes — for instance, between his own experience as a teenager exploring an abandoned train tunnel in Providence, R.I., and a young Mexican man who discovered the walled sanctuary within the ancient Mayan Balankanche cave — sometimes feel strained. Similarly, some of his sweeping conclusions (for instance, that “our connection to caves may well be our most universal, most deeply inscribed, perhaps our original religious tradition”) seem overblown. That said, if not taken too seriously, Hunt’s musings on our relationship to the underground world, drawing on literary, academic and mythological sources, are both provocative and satisfying.The real pleasure of “Underground,” however, is not to be found in its philosophical reflections. Rather it is in simply following Hunt on his quest, meeting those he encounters along the way and learning about those who came before. Whether attempting to traverse the entire six-mile length of Paris underground (spoiler alert: He doesn’t quite pull it off), tracking down the mysterious New York subway graffiti artist who over six years produced 235 large autobiographical panels in the tunnels, or profiling the original entrepreneurs who figured out subterranean photography and mapmaking, Hunt proves an able chaperone.At the end of your excursion through “Underground,” you are unlikely to partake in Hunt’s longtime obsession. But you may never look at a hole in the ground in quite the same way again.The first season of “The Chi,” on Showtime, pulled a solid audience for a premium-cable prestige drama — about 700,000 an episode, enough to bring it back for a second season that starts Sunday. It didn’t do so well with awards voters and critics, though: not a single Emmy or Golden Globes nomination and, despite generally good reviews, no love in the year-end lists.That combination wasn’t what one might have predicted for a show created by the writer and actress Lena Waithe in the wake of her groundbreaking Emmy victory for the critical darling “Master of None.” (She was the first African-American woman to win the comedy-writing award.) And the palpable lack of buzz was a little mystifying for those of us who thought “The Chi” was one of last year’s best shows. Or maybe that was just me.One theory: “The Chi” wasn’t the type of good show that people were expecting, or hoping for, from Lena Waithe. It was earnest and domestic and largely traditional, a conspicuously well-made drama rather than a zeitgeist-y identity comedy. It didn’t look like “Master of None” or “Atlanta”; it called to mind the densely plotted, ZIP Code-as-destiny shows of David Simon, particularly “Treme.”But Waithe’s series, set in Chicago’s South Side and focused on the entwined lives of four African-American males, had a lightness and (at times) a lyricism that Simon’s shows could benefit from.“The Chi” was built around a series of shootings, and the way their repercussions rippled out through the lives of its large cast. But its best material was casual and observational. The testy relationships of the aspiring chef Brandon (Jason Mitchell) with his live-in girlfriend, Jerrika (Tiffany Boone), and his entrepreneurial frenemy Hannibal (Chris Lee) felt fresh. Even more original and entertaining were the story lines involving the middle schoolers Kevin (Alex Hibbert), Papa (Shamon Brown Jr.) and Maisha (Genesis Denise Hale), whose hilariously passive-aggressive pursuit of the mild-mannered Kevin was the show’s single best idea.That first season can be streamed on Showtime’s website or through Amazon Prime Video. It’s necessary if you’re going to understand what’s going on in Season 2, and maybe it’s sufficient. Because through five episodes of the new season, a lot of the shine is gone from “The Chi.” The story lines are largely continuous: the fallout from the killing of Brandon’s younger brother by the tortured Ronnie (Ntare Guma Mbaho Mwine); the strife between the player Emmett (Jacob Latimore) and Tiffany (Hannaha Hall), the mother of his child; Brandon’s constantly stymied efforts to get his food-truck business off the ground.But the urgency has faded from them, partly because of a sense that the bones of Season 1 are being gnawed over for too long, but mostly because the show’s sensitivity and unpredictability are, at almost every moment, shading over into conventional melodrama and self-conscious point making. As characters make speeches about fatherhood and police corruption, and we sit through stiff, sentimental flashbacks to Ronnie’s stressful return from military duty in the Middle East, the show starts to feel like an earlier Showtime drama set in Chicago, the buppie soap opera “Soul Food.”The middle schoolers are still used for comic relief — selling candy bars to parishioners as they break a fast, engaging in a food fight on school picture day — but the situations have more of a tinny sitcom quality, and the young actors’ performances are correspondingly less joyful. (Hale still makes the most of every minute onscreen, though.) Mitchell and Latimore feel stuck, too, with Brandon’s and Emmett’s stories taking on a flattened, didactic tone they didn’t have in Season 1. The major new twist to the plot, a mystery element apparently involving gentrification, is playing out slowly but already feels forced into what’s been a distinctively organic narrative.The cast turnover between seasons was small, though Sonja Sohn, as Brandon’s hard-edge mother, and Steven Williams, as an old-school gangbanger, are missed. The one big change was the replacement of the showrunner Elwood Reid by Ayanna Floyd Davis. Their producing and writing credits aren’t dissimilar — “The Bridge” and “Cold Case” for Reid, “Empire” and “Hannibal” for Davis — and it’s never a good idea to place too much credit or blame on one person in the ecosystem of a TV series. But chemistry matters, and in Season 2 the formula’s off.LONDON — If Britain’s exit from the European Union, or Brexit, had a mascot, what would it look like?While Britain pushes on with negotiations for its imminent departure, the Dutch have been ruminating on the answer to a question that no one has ever asked.Brexit, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the Netherlands has decided, is a fluffy blue monster with an oversize head, blue eyes, black pants and a white T-shirt emblazoned with the word “Brexit” in red.The Dutch minister of foreign affairs, Stef Blok,  shared a photograph on Twitter  on Thursday of him standing in an office with a confused expression and throwing his arms up as the Brexit monster relaxed on a desk in front of him.The mascot was immediately christened the “Brexit Muppet” by  social media users.The label also drew a wry collective sniff from Britons for whom the term “muppet” is a mild insult.The blue Brexit monster is apparently the distillation of Dutch fears of the unknown as Britain has spent more than two years negotiating the minutiae of its departure from the European Union and a no-deal exit seems more likely.The prospect of Britain crashing out of the bloc has alarmed many member states, including the Netherlands.The monster is part of the Dutch government’s “Brexit Loket,” which roughly translates to Brexit information desk, a hub of business resources to avoid having “Brexit get in your way,” according to the campaign’s tagline.The Netherlands concluded that the furry monster was the best way to warn its businesses that operate in the United Kingdom about the potential impact of Britain’s departure from the customs union.“Brexit is not only on the desk of the Dutch minister, but it is something that everybody has to deal with,” said Dirk-Jan Vermeij, spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. “It is essential that entrepreneurs prepare for all Brexit scenarios, including no-deal.”The Netherlands is clearly trying to allay any concern about how its companies will be affected by Britain’s divorce from the trading bloc: The country is one of Britain’s top trading partners, and the Dutch economy could lose out on 10 billion euros, or $11.3 billion, worth of trade because of Brexit, according to the Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis.“In terms of the countries exposed to Brexit, the Netherlands is one of the biggest,” John Springford, deputy director of the Center for European Reform in London, said on Thursday by phone.“No-deal Brexit would be the largest hit, but all of the different scenarios are going to entail some sort of economic cost,” he added.In spite of the warnings the Netherlands issued to its businesses over the possible negative impact of Britain’s departure from the European Union, the Dutch are also positioning themselves to benefit from it.The Dutch government has been selling itself as an alternative for firms based in Britain that are looking to keep their operations in the trading bloc, and it recently boasted that it was in talks with 250 companies about moving.Britain, for its part, is steeling itself for the loss of some international business as one consequence of Brexit.In case of a no-deal departure, the British government is preparing for a 9.3 percent drop in the country’s gross domestic product, food shortages, a dearth of medicines and even power blackouts.Supporters of Brexit have dismissed such warnings as “scaremongering.”Though odd, the Brexit monster was a hit on social media, with one person tweeting: “Omg this really is for real. A Brexit Muppet. Lordy I love the Dutch.”[The seven factors that will help decide who wins on Tuesday.]If you need evidence that next month’s special election for New York City public advocate is vastly different than any ordinary election, look no further than Theo Chino — though you will no longer see his name on the ballot.Just four minutes before the Jan. 14 midnight filing deadline, Mr. Chino submitted his petitions to run for the position — one of the last of 24 potential candidates to do so.Because ballot order in the Feb. 26 special election is determined by order of petition submission, Mr. Chino, 46, a self-described bitcoin entrepreneur, was slated to be listed toward the very bottom of a ballot that is likely to rank as one of the longest in city history.But after ballot challenges and other technical reasons, Mr. Chino and six other candidates were disqualified, leaving 17 challengers in New York City’s first citywide special election, which was necessitated by Letitia James’s win in the race for state attorney general in November. The contest is nonpartisan, so there will be no party primaries, and candidates must run under their own party lines — often hinting at a candidate’s priorities.[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]The CandidatesThe field for the Feb. 26 contest is extraordinarily deep.It begins with one of the presumed front-runners, the former City Council speaker, Melissa Mark-Viverito, who was the first to submit her petition signatures (candidates must have at least 3,750 signatures to qualify to run).Ms. Mark-Viverito is running on the Fix the M.T.A. line; Michael Blake, a Bronx assemblyman who will appear second on the ballot, is running on the For the People line.Here is the rest of the field, in the preliminary ballot order (although court challenges could change things):3. Dawn Smalls, No More Delays: former lawyer in the Obama administration4. Eric A. Ulrich, Common Sense: Queens city councilman5. Ydanis Rodriguez, Unite Immigrants: Manhattan city councilman6. Daniel J. O’Donnell, Equality For All: Manhattan assemblyman7. Rafael L. Espinal Jr., Livable City: Brooklyn city councilman8. Latrice M. Walker, Power Forward: Brooklyn assemblywoman9. Jumaane D. Williams, It’s Time Let’s Go: Brooklyn city councilman10. Ron Kim, No Amazon: Queens assemblyman11. Benjamin L. Yee, Community Strong: entrepreneur and activist12. A. Manny Alicandro, Better Leaders: lawyer13. Nomiki D. Konst, Pay Folks More: journalist and activist14. David Eisenbach, Stop Rebny: Columbia University history professor and ex-candidate for public advocate15. Jared Rich, Jared Rich For NYC: lawyer16. Anthony Herbert, Residents First: community activist17. Helal A. Sheikh, Friends Of Helal: a one-time City Council candidateThe money gameThis is the first election with the new $8 to $1 public financing option approved by voters. Under the new rules, donations from city residents are capped at $1,000 but the city will match the first $250 on an $8 to $1 basis. Candidates can also choose the previous $6 to $1 match on the first $175 with a higher donation limit of $2,550.In order to qualify for matching funds, candidates must raise a minimum of $62,500 in contributions from city residents. A handful of candidates met that threshold in the first filing period, giving them an early leg up.Mr. Blake, 36, the Bronx assemblyman and a vice chairman of the Democratic National Committee, topped all fund-raisers with close to $302,000 raised. He has $212,000 in cash on hand, according to filings from the Campaign Finance Board. With the $8 to $1 match, Mr. Blake’s campaign said they expect to have raised close to $1 million.Mr. Williams came in second in fund-raising with more than $204,000 in contributions and now has more than $113,000 on hand.Ms. Smalls, 41, a first-time candidate, raised close to $179,000 and has nearly $104,000 on hand. She said she expects to have raised close to $800,000 once matching funds are calculated, placing her third in fund-raising.Mr. Espinal, a city councilman who represents Brooklyn, was the only other candidate to meet the matching funds threshold so far.Mr. Espinal, 34, raised close to $125,000 and has $94,000 in cash. Almost $69,000 in donations were eligible for the match.Ms. Mark-Viverito, 49, has not yet met that threshold; she has just over $50,000 in donations that are eligible to be matched. Political experts said that failing to meet the matching fund-raising threshold for the first filing puts Ms. Mark-Viverito at a slight disadvantage.“The likelihood is that she will get the match, but the quicker you get there, the quicker the funds are dispersed,” said Bruce Gyory, a Democratic political consultant. “This is not a September primary.”He added that the petition and fund-raising filings could signal a shift in the race.“There were two tests: Where you landed on the ballot in a crowded field and how much money you raised,” Mr. Gyory said. “Blake and Smalls did well on both tests and there are now four top tier candidates.”Mr. O’Donnell, 57, the Manhattan assemblyman, came close with over $60,000 in donations that count toward the match. He raised almost $90,000 and has almost $65,000 in cash.The back storyMayor Bill de Blasio called the Feb. 26 election earlier this month after former public advocate Letitia James was elected as state attorney general in November. The winner will hold office for only a few months.A primary will then be held in September followed by a general election in November. The winner of that contest will fill the remainder of Ms. James’s term, which runs until the end of 2021.The ballot positions, number of candidates and matching fund totals could shift if candidates challenge the accuracy of one another’s petitions and once the campaign finance board audits donations.Candidates are already focusing on everything from buses and subways to public housing, privacy rights, increasing the minimum wage and improving the quality of life in the city.“I truly believe this election will be won by the candidate that reaches the most people, lets them know there is an election on Feb. 26 and gives them a candidate to vote for,” Ms. Smalls said. “You have to give people a reason to show up to the polls on a cold February day.”In a field this deep, some of the lesser-known candidates may have difficulty breaking through, which could lead to some unorthodox campaign moments.In early January, Mr. Chino heckled Mr. de Blasio in Harlem during an announcement about a plan to provide discounted MetroCards for the poor. He believes public transportation should be free.He was intercepted and briefly detained by police officers, who perhaps correctly sensed Mr. Chino’s air of unpredictability.“This is not your regular election,” Mr. Chino said. “They don’t know what I’m going to do.”With Mr. Chino’s disqualification, his words proved prophetic.Over the past few weeks, NASA has been celebrating a pending milestone: the first-ever all-female spacewalk (just in time for Women’s History Month, even!). It wasn’t until Monday, just a few days before this week’s planned mission to have two women step into space to install powerful batteries on the International Space Station’s solar panels, that the crew realized the highly publicized plan had a major problem.There weren’t enough spacesuits that fit the female astronauts. We will not be celebrating an all-female spacewalk this week, after all.The news brought back a vivid memory from when I served aboard an aircraft carrier about a decade ago, flying jets for the Navy. It was the time when a maintenance chief casually asked me to sign a seemingly innocuous paper, which, upon closer inspection, was in fact a form saying that I understood that the ejection seat on my jet was not designed for someone of my height and weight. I wasn’t close to the size of an average man, so there was an increased risk of major injury if I used the safety equipment for its stated emergency purpose. By signing, I agreed to waive the Navy’s liability were something to happen to me if it malfunctioned.After two years of my flying jets for the military, it was as if someone suddenly noticed that my 5-foot-2-inch female frame wasn’t what the men who built the plane, designed the safety gear and tested the emergency procedures had in mind. Ironically, the biggest systemic barriers to my pursuing a naval career — including the Navy’s policy regarding women flying in combat — had been lifted years before. But the physical legacies of an era when men made decisions with other men in mind persisted.Judging from the NASA news, this is still true.It’s an important reminder that while we often focus on major systemic issues facing working women — problems like gender-based wage gaps, family leave policies, career pipelines for women in underrepresented fields — the “little things” really do matter. Things like the lack of adequate lactation rooms in most office buildings, antiquated office dress codes that require women to wear high heels to work and the size of safety gear available for female astronauts.In my current role, leading an all-girls school, I know that these seemingly small things make a big difference in how our next generation imagines their futures. My students are well aware of the institutional barriers they are likely to face, particularly if they follow a passion for computer science or engineering, want to become an entrepreneur or pursue any of the various professions in which women are still greatly underrepresented. They know that they will be held to a different standard, their style of leadership may be questioned, and gender norms will make it that much harder to juggle family and work. They understand what obstacles to expect and are ready for what’s to come.But we less frequently and effectively prepare them for the little stuff. Like the fact that the temperature setting in most workplaces is calibrated to men’s metabolic rates, so women are often uncomfortably cold, especially when the air-conditioning kicks in. Or that until recently, even the White House did not have enough lactation rooms for the moms who wanted to work there. These are unfortunate realities that shouldn’t be ignored. Not simply because if we don’t shine a spotlight on the issues, things will never change, but also because our girls need to understand and be prepared for the world that awaits them.This week’s news from NASA reminds us why it’s so critical to talk honestly about the lasting legacies of a gender-biased era — the “little” things that will affect the daily lives and careers of women for decades to come. When we don’t, it turns out that even the world’s best rocket scientists can forget that spacesuits were originally designed and built for men. Our girls — tomorrow’s astronauts — deserve better than that.Marisa Porges is head of school at the Baldwin School in Bryn Mawr, Pa., and author of the forthcoming book “What Girls Need.”The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.To opera devotees who on principle believe that productions of a cornerstone work should be true to the original setting, I say get thee to Verdi’s “Falstaff” at the Metropolitan Opera. Robert Carsen’s 2013 production, which returned on Friday, is an exhilarating demonstration of how an insightful updating can reveal a great opera anew.From the vibrant performances of this winning cast, headed by the powerhouse baritone Ambrogio Maestri, who owns the title role, it seemed clear that the singers relished the chance this production provides to bring fresh immediacy to Verdi’s characters.Mr. Carsen sees Verdi’s bustling comic opera as overcast with melancholy. The entitled aristocracy is losing sway as new class structures allow self-made men to emerge. To bring out those resonances he shifts the Elizabethean setting to 1950s England, when an entrepreneurial population was emerging.The first scene, set in Falstaff’s room at the Garter Inn, shows the lumpy Sir John loitering in bed in a commodious oak-paneled room in a fading hotel. Room-service carts cluttered with dirty dishes are scattered everywhere. The whiny Dr. Caius (Tony Stevenson) accuses Falstaff of causing drunken chaos at his house the previous night. Falstaff’s slovenly henchmen (sung by Keith Jameson and Richard Bernstein) bicker with their boss.But when Mr. Maestri’s gigantic Falstaff finally stands up, he’s a scraggly, pathetic sight in his grimy long johns. Yes, Falstaff is a debt-ridden, self-deluded mooch. But when Mr. Maestri, in chilling voice, delivers Falstaff’s defense of his girth as an embodiment of stature and potency, you feel sympathy for this laughingstock of a knight.The second scene, in the garden of Alice Ford’s house, is shifted to a charming restaurant in Windsor where the merry wives, wearing colorful, slightly ostentatious dresses, are having a lunch date. The singers look charming and sing wonderfully: the soprano Ailyn Pérez, in plush voice as Alice; the rich-toned mezzo-soprano Jennifer Johnson Cano, a knowing Meg Page; the impressive contralto Marie-Nicole Lemieux, a plucky Mistress Quickly; and the exquisite soprano Golda Schultz, endearing as Nannetta, Alice’s daughter, who pines for young Fenton. Who is Fenton in this concept? A smitten waiter at the restaurant, here the ardent tenor Francesco Demuro. It’s perfect.My favorite scene comes at the end of Act II, when Falstaff arrives at Alice Ford’s house for what he thinks will be a secret rendezvous with her. (It’s a scam the women have concocted to teach him a lesson.) Mr. Carsen places it in a spacious Betty Crocker kitchen with bright yellow cabinets and gleaming appliances. Ms. Schultz’s Nannetta, wearing pedal-pushers and an oversized shirt, comes storming in, grabs a big bowl of Jell-O from the refrigerator, sits at the kitchen table and digs in glumly. What’s the matter? Practically crying, she says that her father (an ambitious businessman type, the robust baritone Juan Jesús Rodríguez) is going to make her marry Dr. Caius! The women just laugh: Caius? That fossil, that fool? They won’t let it happen. This staging touch brings out the feminist subtext of the opera: that for all the patriarchal bonds of society, women are ascendant and emboldening each other.The noted British conductor Richard Farnes, who was music director of Opera North in England for 12 years, led this “Falstaff” in his Met debut, with mixed results. Stretches of Verdi’s miraculous score had élan, color and clarity. But there were glitches and moments of poor ensemble. The performance may settle in. And opera lovers, especially those wary of updating, should not miss this inspired production of Verdi’s final opera.The director Jonas Akerlund works hard to deliver on the title of “Lords of Chaos,” a tale of bad music and terrible deeds. Inspired by a true story, the movie ladles up lots of pulpy bits and buckets of blood to tell a depressing, depressingly familiar story about what happens when young men with apparent means and a whole lot of free time get together to build their own precariously hermetic world. In this case, their clubhouse was the Norwegian black-metal scene of the 1980s and early ’90s, which combined anomie with face paint, speed metal and Linda Blair’s devilish vocalizations from “The Exorcist.”Norwegian black metal started to make mainstream news when some of its adherents were arrested on charges of murder, arson and other crimes. (They torched churches.) The bleak story is charted in the book “Lords of Chaos,” whose sensationalist subtitle — “The Bloody Rise of the Satanic Metal Underground” — could serve as the movie’s elevator pitch (though “rise and fall” would be more accurate for the movie). Written by Akerlund and Dennis Magnusson, the screen version centers on Oystein Aarseth (a nicely slippery Rory Culkin), an entrepreneurial musician and professed Satanist who adopts the stage name Euronymous, after a Greek flesh-eating demon.The movie’s subject is ostensibly outré, but the narrative arc is all too familiar, tracking Oystein’s journey with his group Mayhem from garage-band anonymity to breaking-news infamy. In a voice-over that skews (for reasons you learn later) more sardonic than Culkin’s onscreen performance, Oystein lays out his origin story (he takes credit for inventing Norwegian black metal) and fills in the world he helped make. He’s selling a band and a flamboyant brand that grow more nihilistic and death-oriented as their notoriety and followers increase. One minute, the band is just a motley crew of hard-playing party monsters; the next, one guy is turning fragments of a dead bandmate’s shattered skull into jewelry.Akerlund, a  veteran music-video director who intersperses “Lords of Chaos” with mildly surrealistic bursts, never establishes a coherent or interesting point of view. The tone unproductively veers from the goofy to the creepy, which creates a sense that he was still figuring it out in the editing. He skates over the story’s sociopolitical stakes but goes hard on the cheap shocks: a dead cat hanging from a ceiling like a fixture, bozo fans gnawing on a severed pig’s head mid-concert, close-ups of knives digging and plunging into bodies. He doesn’t seem to care much about those bodies, including that of a gay man who is sexually lured, and brutally murdered, by one of Oystein’s cohort.It’s never clear why things go as wrong as they do, other than Oystein’s brand marketing was disastrously successful. The character here certainly has a gift for dubious choices and bad company, including a singer portentously named Dead (Jack Kilmer, exuding low-key, melancholic charisma), and a creepy enthusiast, Kristian Vikernes (Emory Cohen), a.k.a. Varg, a.k.a. Count Grishnackh. Periodically someone rails against religion and conformity for a bit of lukewarm rebel posing, but all this soon sounds like a broken record at a party you’d like to leave. Far more effective is a scene in which a blank young man relaxes in his middle-class home shortly before killing a stranger for no reason at all.Nipsey Hussle, the Grammy-nominated rapper, entrepreneur and advocate for his native South Los Angeles, was fatally shot outside his clothing store in that city’s Hyde Park neighborhood on Sunday afternoon.Nipsey Hussle, born Ermias Joseph Asghedom, was pronounced dead just before 4 p.m. local time, according to the Los Angeles County Coroner.News of the 33-year-old’s death, in a shooting that left two others wounded, prompted an outpouring of support from the Los Angeles community that he championed.“Our hearts are with the loved ones of Nipsey Hussle and everyone touched by this awful tragedy,” Eric Garcetti, the mayor of Los Angeles, said in a tweet. “L.A. is hurt deeply each time a young life is lost to senseless gun violence.”The actress Issa Rae, who also grew up in South Los Angeles, expressed her admiration for the rapper on Twitter.[Update: Man suspected in Nipsey Hussle shooting is charged with murder.]“Watching Nipsey inspired me to invest and own in our communities,” Ms. Rae said. “He was a solid man who loved his woman, his family and his community. This hurts.”Of the two others wounded in the shooting, one was taken to the hospital and is in stable condition while the other suffered only a graze wound, the police said. All three were shot in the parking lot outside The Marathon Clothing, a store that Nipsey Hussle opened in 2017. The authorities had not identified a suspect or motive as of Monday afternoon.A Los Angeles fixture since the mid-2000s, Nipsey Hussle first drew widespread acclaim in hip-hop for his three-part mixtape series, “Bullets Ain’t Got No Name.” His stage name is a twist on the comedian Nipsey Russell.“Victory Lap,” his debut album, was nominated this year for best rap album at the Grammy Awards, losing to Cardi B’s “Invasion of Privacy.”“My whole energy is just at a low right now hearing this,” the rapper Drake, who collaborated with Nipsey Hussle, wrote on Instagram. “You were a real one to your people and to the rest of us. I’m only doing this here cause I want the world to know I saw you as a man of respect and a don. Rest easy my g.”Rihanna also mourned the rapper’s death on Instagram, posting photos of him with his daughter at the Grammy’s in February.“This doesn’t make any sense! My spirit is shaken by this,” she said.Nipsey Hussle had collaborated with artists including Snoop Dogg and YG, drawing from his city’s tradition of gangster rap and intricate street-level storytelling. In 2013, he created industry buzz by creating only 1,000 physical copies of his mixtape “Crenshaw,” an independent release that sold for $100 at a pop-up shop and was freely available online. He said Jay-Z bought 100 copies.“Nipsey was not only one of the greatest artists we worked with but an amazing father and leader in his community,” Nipsey Hussle’s label, Atlantic Records, said in a statement. “One of the kindest and brightest stars in the universe, he was inspiring to all.”By Monday morning, hundreds of mourners had gathered to pay their respects outside the store. Some fans prayed and cried while others laid down candles, flowers and signs to express their condolences. A steady flow of passing cars played tracks from Nipsey Hussle’s latest album.The rapper was a strong advocate for the South Los Angeles community where he was raised.In his teens, Nipsey Hussle dropped out of high school and became involved in street life as he tried to make a career in music.He identified as a member of the Rollin 60’s Crips gang, which he chalked up to history, circumstance and survival.“I’m not promoting it. I’m just speaking on it,” he said in a 2010 interview with Complex. “I’m more focused on giving solutions and inspiration more than anything.”Despite that affiliation, the rapper spoke out about gun violence and had plans to meet on Monday afternoon with representatives from Jay-Z’s Roc Nation and officials from the Los Angeles Police Department to talk about preventing gang violence, according to Steve Soboroff, the Los Angeles police commissioner.He was also an outspoken representative of the Crenshaw neighborhood and helped to promote the community’s art and culture.“From the beginning, Nipsey Hussle has been a critical part of #DestinationCrenshaw, even inspiring the name!” Marqueece Harris-Dawson, a city councilman who represents South Los Angeles, said on Instagram. “Destination Crenshaw” is a community project designed to promote black cultural history in South Los Angeles.Last year, Nipsey Hussle, who taught himself how to build computers, helped to launch a center in the Crenshaw district dedicated to connecting underrepresented groups with technology companies.“Growing up as a kid, I was looking for somebody — not to give me anything — but somebody that cared,” he told The Los Angeles Times. “Someone that was creating the potential for change and that had an agenda outside of their own self interests.”Nipsey Hussle was in a relationship with the actress and model Lauren London, with whom he had a son, Kross. He also had a daughter, Emani, from a previous relationship.Mark Ridley-Thomas, a Los Angeles County supervisor who represents South Los Angeles, said Nipsey Hussle “was a father, businessman, entertainer, and inspiration to many.”“We mourn his sudden and tragic passing and send his family our deepest condolences,” he said.Stream Netflix’s behind-the-scenes documentary on the failed Fyre Fest, and the Season 5 premiere of “Grace and Frankie.”What’s StreamingFYRE: THE GREATEST PARTY THAT NEVER HAPPENED on Netflix. The viral unraveling of Fyre Festival became a big punch lines of 2017. What was originally billed as an ultraluxury music festival in the Bahamas — organized by the entrepreneur Billy McFarland and the rapper Ja Rule, and promoted by supermodels like Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid — in fact involved soggy tents and deconstructed cheese sandwiches upon the arrival of hundreds of festivalgoers. The documentarian Chris Smith, who directed “Jim & Andy: The Great Beyond,” dives into what went wrong, and how millennial revelers were duped, by talking with festival organizers. Absent from Netflix’s documentary is an interview with McFarland, who was sentenced to six years in prison for fraud in October. He gave an exclusive interview to Hulu, which released its show about the festival, “Fyre Fraud,” days before the Netflix release. In his review of both films, Wesley Morris of The New York Times says, “You watch both movies in a kind of fascinated horror at how easy it was for McFarland to create a network of what appears to be unwitting co-conspirators to help him plan an experience that wound up losing $24 million.”CARMEN SANDIEGO on Netflix. Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? You can find her on Netflix in that streaming service’s new animated show, voiced by Gina Rodriguez. The 10-episode series is based on the globe-trotting criminal mastermind of the late-1980s educational video games, but aims to uncover more about the title character’s back story, from her time as a student at V.I.L.E. Training Academy for Thieves through to her transformation to a crook who steals valuable artifacts from other crooks. Finn Wolfhard, of “Stranger Things,” stars alongside Rodriguez in the series as her trusted sidekick, Player.GRACE AND FRANKIE on Netflix. The complete fifth season of this buddy comedy finds the title characters (played by Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin) continuing in the new chapters of their lives since their husbands (played by Martin Sheen and Sam Waterston) revealed they are gay and left their wives for each other. If Netflix’s trailer is any indication, fans can expect breaking-and-entering, New Age cults, marijuana edibles, some ill-timed nudity, a guest appearance by RuPaul and possibly even new love interests for the frenemies.What’s on TVCHRIS DISTEFANO: SIZE 38 WAIST 11 p.m. on Comedy Central. This New York comedian, who just signed an overall deal with Comedy Central, performs standup in his hourlong special, in which he criticizes grown men in suits commuting to work on scooters, and likens his 2-year-old daughter to “a miniature baby woman.”REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER 10 p.m. on HBO. This comedian and satirist begins the 17th season of his talk show with the N.F.L. running back Marshawn Lynch and John R. Kasich, whose term as governor of Ohio ended this week.Watch the new revival of “Roswell” on CW as the reboots keep on comin’. Or catch the Season 2 premiere of “Corporate” on Comedy Central.What’s on TVROSWELL, NEW MEXICO 9 p.m. on CW.  This sci-fi series based on the young adult book series “Roswell High” gets a revival 20 years after its debut. Jeanine Mason (“Grey’s Anatomy”) stars as Liz, a native of Roswell, N.M., who returns home 10 years after leaving and discovers that her old crush, Max (Nathan Dean Parsons), has supernatural powers — and he’s not the only alien around. The show sticks to the original’s main plot points, but retells them in the context of today’s politics.AMERICAN EXPERIENCE: THE SWAMP 9 p.m. on PBS (check local listings). Not far from Miami lies Everglades National Park, a 1.5 million-acre wetland that is home to the American crocodile and the Florida panther. Today it is guarded as a mesmerizing tropical ecosystem, but more than a century ago entrepreneurs and politicians saw it as a useless swamp ripe for development. This documentary, loosely based on a book by the journalist Michael Grunwald, charts the disastrous consequences of repeated attempts to drain the Everglades and the work that led to President Franklin D. Roosevelt authorizing the park’s creation in 1934.DRUNK HISTORY 10 p.m. on Comedy Central. Season 6 begins with a parody of the children’s horror series “Are You Afraid of the Dark?” in which an inebriated Rich Fulcher tells the “Frankenstein” origin story around a campfire. Evan Rachel Wood plays Mary Shelley, Elijah Wood portrays Mary’s husband, Percy, and Seth Rogen assumes the role of Victor Frankenstein.CORPORATE 10:30 p.m. on Comedy Central. The New York Times’s television critics named this dark workplace comedy series one of the best new shows of 2018. Margaret Lyons wrote: “‘Corporate’ is as nihilistic as they come, so bleak it often becomes absurd and even supernatural.” In this Season 2 opener, Matt (Matt Ingebretson) suppresses a potential crush on a new co-worker, and his ruthless boss (Lance Reddick) makes an acquisition.What’s StreamingREVENGER (2018) stream on Netflix. A former detective (Bruce Khan) goes undercover as a death-row convict to infiltrate a remote prison island and avenge his family’s murder in this South Korean action flick.THE SNAPPER (1993) stream on Hulu; rent on iTunes, Amazon, Google Play, Vudu and YouTube. Sharon (Tina Kellegher), a young checkout clerk from the Dublin suburbs, catches her tight-knit family off guard when she announces she is pregnant after a drunken night out. The blow isn’t just that she is expecting — it’s that she can’t remember who the father is (or so she claims). Her friends and family, led by the ill-tempered patriarch Dessie (Colm Meaney), support her nonetheless but are thrown another fastball with rumors that the mystery man is a married neighbor and father of one of Sharon’s friends. Writing in The Times, Vincent Canby called the comedy a “small, joyful lark of a film.”BEIJING — The Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei has fired an employee who was arrested in Poland on charges of spying for the Chinese government, saying in a statement late Saturday that the worker had brought “disrepute” to the company.Huawei said that the alleged actions that the employee, Wang Weijing, had been accused of had nothing to do with the company.“In accordance with the terms and conditions of Huawei’s labor contract, we have made this decision because the incident in question has brought Huawei into disrepute,” a company spokesman, Joe Kelly, said.The Polish authorities announced the arrests of Mr. Wang and a Polish telecommunications worker on Friday. That move came at a time of growing concern among the United States and its allies about Chinese technology suppliers, and after the December arrest in Canada of Huawei’s chief financial officer and the daughter of the company’s founder.Huawei’s equipment is used in mobile phone and internet networks around the world. But American officials have for years considered the company to be vulnerable to efforts by Beijing to spy on Americans or sabotage their communication systems.Huawei denies that it operates as an extension of Beijing. Still, as the company has grown to become the world’s top supplier of telecommunications gear, the United States government has worked to discourage American mobile carriers and consumers from buying its equipment. Washington has shared its security concerns with allied governments in Europe and elsewhere.On Dec. 1, Meng Wanzhou, Huawei’s chief financial officer, was arrested in Canada at the request of the United States. American investigators have accused her of deceiving financial institutions about Huawei’s business in Iran, causing them to inadvertently violate United States sanctions. The Canadian legal authorities have not yet decided whether Ms. Meng will be extradited to the United States.Diplomatic tensions between China and Canada jumped after Ms. Meng’s arrest, with Beijing detaining several Canadians in what were seen as tit-for-tat arrests. Among those still being held in China are Michael Kovrig, an experienced diplomat and Sinophile who had spent years investigating sensitive subjects like the human rights of minority groups in China; and Michael Spavor, an entrepreneur with high-level contacts in North Korea.The second person arrested by the Polish authorities this past week was an employee of Orange, the French telecommunications company. Orange’s office was raided, and the employee’s belongings were seized. Polish officials did not offer more details about what the two men were accused of, but said that they would be held for three months while the investigation continued.Poland is Huawei’s headquarters for Central and Eastern Europe and the Nordic region.A LinkedIn profile for Mr. Wang showed he has been employed by Huawei’s Polish division since 2011 and previously served as attaché to the Chinese general consul in Gdansk from 2006 to 2011, according to Reuters.Europe has been an important market for Huawei. Largely shut out of the United States, the company has found many eager customers in Europe, both for its smartphones and for its telecommunications equipment.As cellular providers around the world prepare to build networks using fifth-generation, or 5G, wireless technology, Huawei has tested new equipment with a number of major European carriers.[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]The man accused of mailing pipe bombs to critics of President Trump is expected to plead guilty next week in federal court in Manhattan, the court’s docket shows.The defendant, Cesar A. Sayoc Jr., a fervent Trump supporter, sent homemade bombs created with PVC pipe and glass shards to prominent Democrats, including Hillary Clinton and former President Barack Obama, as well as to CNN and the actor Robert DeNiro, the authorities said.The court’s docket entry states only that there is a plea scheduled for Thursday, but it does not indicate what charges Mr. Sayoc will plead guilty to. He was indicted in November on 30 federal charges, including using a weapon of mass destruction and interstate transportation of an explosive.Ten of the counts carry a maximum sentence of life in prison, and under federal law, if he were convicted of a certain combination of those counts, the judge would be required to give him a life sentence. A possible plea deal might center on whether Mr. Sayoc could plead guilty to counts that leave the judge the discretion to sentence him to less time.Mr. Sayoc’s federal public defenders and the United States attorney’s office for the Southern District of New York declined to comment on his expected plea on Friday.Mr. Sayoc, 56, was arrested on Oct. 26 outside an auto-parts store near Fort Lauderdale, Fla., where he appeared to be living in a white van covered with images and slogans condemning liberals that are often found on fringe, right-wing social media accounts. One was an image of Mrs. Clinton under cross hairs.His social media feeds were an electronic version of his van. On Twitter and Facebook, he railed against Mr. Obama and Oprah Winfrey with misspelled racial epithets, and threatened former Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. He also praised Mr. Trump and conservative causes.The arrest came after a fast-moving investigation and manhunt, as investigators tried to discover the source of 16 pipe bombs sent through the mail. The authorities said they were able to pull Mr. Sayoc’s fingerprints from two bomb packages and found his DNA on components of 10 of the improvised bombs.The indictment against Mr. Sayoc only charges him in connection with five devices that were sent to victims in Westchester County and Manhattan, which are both part of the Southern District of New York.In addition to Mrs. Clinton and Mr. DeNiro, those packages were sent to John O. Brennan, a former C.I.A. director; James R. Clapper Jr., a former director of national intelligence; and George Soros, a billionaire Democratic donor.Federal prosecutors have called Mr. Sayoc’s actions “a domestic terrorist attack.”Mr. Sayoc’s trial had been scheduled for July. Last fall, one of his lawyers asked the judge, Jed S. Rakoff of Federal District Court, for additional time to investigate the case to determine whether, among other things, there was the possibility of a plea agreement.It is possible that Mr. Sayoc’s plea could fall through. A defendant preparing to plead can change his mind up to the last minute and opt to go to trial.Before his arrest, Mr. Sayoc held himself out as an entrepreneur and bodybuilder who promoted exotic-dance shows in southern Florida. But he was also an angry, bankrupt loner who often lived out of his van, held far-right political views and was prone to racist and sexist tirades, according to court documents and people who knew him.A guilty plea by Mr. Sayoc would resolve one of the major terrorism prosecutions pending in Manhattan. In another case, Judge Vernon S. Broderick on Tuesday granted a defense request for a six-month delay in the trial of Sayfullo Saipov, scheduling it for April 13, 2020.Mr. Saipov was charged with using a pickup truck to kill eight people on a Manhattan bike path in 2017. He has pleaded not guilty, and if he is convicted, he could face the death penalty.Forty-four years ago, in another year of national crisis over a scandal-ridden presidency, an election sent 91 new members to the House. That 1974 wave didn’t shift partisan control, but it did create one of the widest Democratic congressional advantages in a half-century.It also sent to Washington a new kind of member of Congress: entrepreneurial, independent, deeply engaged with his or (in a very few cases) her constituents and district.The new Congress of 2019 brings the largest shift in favor of Democrats in the House, at 40 seats, since Watergate. The congressional class of 1974 had a few other things in common with the new members elected in 2018. Just as this one brings 26 millennials to Congress, 1974 brought another generation into American politics, the baby boomers, along with a mandate to rein in what had become an “imperial presidency,” though the president who inspired that concern had already been airlifted from the White House lawn. They came ready not just to legislate but also to use Congress’s oversight powers and reform the institution.That long-ago wave holds some lessons for the new Congress, particularly the focus on reform. But above all, the newly elected members from both parties should pay attention to the way those 1970s members saw their jobs and their relationship to constituents.Many of the 1974 class had caught incumbents napping, disconnected from their districts, invisible to voters. The new members worked tirelessly to build a connection to the people, institutions and particular needs of the places they would represent. And after they won, they didn’t stop, investing in constituent service, district offices, caseworkers and a high profile at home.While older members of Congress in the 1970s followed the rule of the former House speaker Sam Rayburn of Texas to “go along to get along,” many of the newcomers were impatient policy entrepreneurs, developing quick expertise on issues important to them or their districts and pushing Congress to let their ideas onto the agenda by forcing the all-powerful Rules Committee to let them offer amendments. They soon booted a few of the old Southern Democratic committee chairmen. Like many of this week’s new members, they represented suburban districts that could go for either party, and only by developing strong local ties could they hold onto their seats through the waves that elected Ronald Reagan just six years later.The politicians defeated or superseded by the 1974 wave had lost touch with their constituents because individual members of Congress didn’t matter that much. Power came only with seniority. Rank-and-file members didn’t have much to do and didn’t have to do much.In 2018, members lost touch for a very different reason: They had grown complacent that they could count on waves of ideology and negative partisanship to carry them through yet another election, the fifth for those first elected in the 2010 wave. They campaigned in broad strokes on national issues such as immigration and the refugee caravan. Since 2010, they had relied first on the coherent national message of opposition to Barack Obama, then on the small-government ideology of the speaker Paul Ryan and finally on loyalty to Donald Trump, to overwhelm smaller, local allegiances. Even Mr. Trump’s endorsements were boilerplate and national, with the same odd capitalization choices: “strong on Crime & Borders, the 2nd Amendment, & loves our Military & Vets.”The House Republicans’ experiment with continuously nationalized politics didn’t work out. Politics operates as two interlocking systems, sort of like your left and right brain hemispheres: One system is local, parochial, individualized, pragmatic, while the other involves big national choices and ideas. Successful politicians and parties operate at both levels. Politics of local interests alone can lead to the kind of logrolling bargains — you support my farm subsidy and I’ll support your oil-drilling tax break — that create a functioning Congress but risk losing sight of big national obligations such as addressing climate change. But nationalized politics alone strips away the many little points of common ground that cut across polarizing lines of ideology and help make bargains and compromise possible. When the two systems are both healthy, when politicians are engaged both with big ideas and with their own constituents and their concerns, it brings a kind of fluidity to politics that we’ve seen in more productive periods, such as the 1980s.If the new members of Congress are able to govern as they campaigned, tirelessly, unafraid of hostile audiences, deeply connected to their districts, focused on improving individual lives, they might eventually pull politics out of the box in which either one party pushes through an entire unpopular agenda or Congress is paralyzed. A newfound focus on the local will also allow new members to bring forward innovations in local government and civic engagement.But today’s politicians face an obstacle that the class of ’74 could mostly ignore: the enormous cost of campaigns. Republican members fell out of touch with their districts in part because they were increasingly dependent on a few large national donors, operating through super PACs and political nonprofits such as the Congressional Leadership Fund, which get the bulk of their donations from billionaires in Las Vegas, New York, Texas and Florida. Democrats, too, relied on these outside groups and their own billionaires, but 2018 brought an enormous wave of small donors. And while much of that came from fired-up progressives in solid Democratic districts, even in the highest-profile races, a surprising share came from the candidates’ own constituents — for example, more than 54 percent of Beto O’Rourke’s contributions came from Texans. A majority of Democratic challengers also refused corporate PAC money, which often runs through Washington lobbyists.In 2020 and 2022, these new members will no longer be exciting insurgent challengers but incumbents, probably forced to compromise in ways that some supporters might find disappointing. If the volunteer energy and small-donor support that lifted them to victory in 2018 is missing, their campaigns will look very different. They’ll have to turn to corporate PACs again and, much like their predecessors elected in 2006 and 2008, focus their attention on donors rather than their districts, compromising their promises.The Democratic caucus has announced plans to make a package of political reforms, including the provisions to encourage small donors long championed by John Sarbanes, Democrat of Maryland, their top priority, bearing the symbolic bill number H.R. 1. In addition to highlighting corruption and the corrosive consequences of the post-Citizens United era, such reforms, if they were ever to pass, could give elected officials a way to stay in better touch with their districts, spending more time with voters and that way keeping the vital, diverse local dimension of politics alive even in a time of deep national polarization.Mark Schmitt (@mschmitt9) is the director of the political reform program at the research organization New America. Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Enticing hungry customers and luring celebrity backers, food trucks have been quickly expanding nationwide for the last decade. But in pioneering cities like Austin, Tex., and Portland, Ore., the industry is feeling growing pains as fickle customers move on and regulators clamp down.So entrepreneurs are finding new locations to park their mobile restaurants.Last October, a development team created a new dining concept in an up-and-coming neighborhood of Charleston, S.C. Called the Container Bar, it features a bar constructed from a shipping container with space for four food trucks that rotate daily.“Charleston has a reputation of being a culinary mecca, but it is unique in that there are no spaces for food trucks to congregate,” said Brad Creger, one of three Container Bar owners. The others are Mike Veeck, president of the Charleston RiverDogs, a minor league baseball team, and the actor Bill Murray.“One need go no further than Austin or Portland to see how food trucks have evolved into the culinary culture,” Mr. Creger said. “Charleston is a little behind in that regard, but we’re catching up very quickly.”Portland may be the aspirational model for many cities in the early stages of building a food cart scene. But being a pioneer has its own challenges. A surge in new construction over the past couple of years has forced the closing of several food cart pods on former parking lots. Concern about the closings came to a head last fall with the news that the city’s flagship food cart venue, the Alder Street pod, would be shuttered this summer to make way for the city’s first five-star hotel.“One hundred and thirty food carts are under threat to vanish,” said Daniel Huerta, owner of the Portland food truck Churros Locos. “We are losing the culinary fabric that Portland is.”Street food vendors have been in big cities for decades. But a newer breed of entrepreneurs surfaced around 10 years ago as a scrappy response to the recession — it is far easier to secure start-up capital for a cart than a restaurant. Since then, it has morphed into a nationwide urban development and culinary business phenomenon. Revenue from food carts reached $2.7 billion in 2017, according to a U.S. Chamber of Commerce study.But as the industry matures, challenges are emerging. In some areas, owners are building mini empires, adding second or third trucks as well as brick-and-mortar restaurants. But elsewhere, regulatory and market pressures are creating a tough operating environment for vendors. Oversaturation and changing culinary tastes are also concerns.“For the first three years, it was great,” said Sarah Hannon, the former owner of the Midway Food Park in Austin, where the number of food carts grew 600 percent from 2010 to 2016. Ms. Hannon opened the park in 2013 and had 40 vendors on a waiting list at one point. But as the trend took off, other property owners realized they could “shave off a corner of their parking lot and give a food truck space,” she said. Ms. Hannon charged $1,500 a month; her competitors charged $500.Last year, she shuttered the 10-cart pod, turning it into an event space. “I think the food truck buzz has worn off,” she said.Kirk Francis, co-owner of Captain Cookie & the Milkman, a mobile bakery in Washington, echoed that sentiment. Mr. Francis and his wife, Juliann, started in 2012 with one truck; they added a second one a year later and two more the next year. During the first year of operation, business grew fivefold. The cart experienced 20 percent to 30 percent growth every year after that until last year, when sales were mostly flat.“Food trucks aren’t dying, but we are no longer a novelty,” Mr. Francis said. The trend for curbside lunch vending is down 50 percent from its peak three years ago, he said, and to stay afloat, many carts — there are around 450 in the Washington area — have diversified into catering and events.In addition to the trucks and a catering operation, Mr. Francis operates two brick-and-mortar bakeries in Washington and is about to open another in Raleigh, N.C. Without his catering operation, Mr. Francis said, “we would be in a terrible situation right now.”Generally speaking, food trucks adhere to one of two business models. Austin and Portland are unusual in that stationary carts are on private property. In most other cities, food trucks travel to different locations depending on the time of day and regulatory restrictions. As competition intensifies, these regulations have become a thorn in the side of many food truck operators, who say permit rules favor restaurants over trucks.Before 2013, the food truck industry in Washington was like “the wild West,” with limited oversight, Mr. Francis said. Over the years, owners started to organize, and the city started to crack down. Last spring, the Department of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs limited the number of food trucks that a single owner could enter in a lottery that determined which trucks could set up in the most coveted spots.Owners fought back. “We kicked up a scream and howl about how this was unfair, and we were able to get that changed back,” Mr. Francis said.The Illinois Supreme Court last month heard a case filed by Laura Pekarik, owner of the Cupcakes for Courage food truck in Chicago, who claimed that city laws favored brick-and-mortar restaurants over food trucks.The Institute for Justice, a nonprofit group that represented Ms. Pekarik, has five food truck cases pending, said the group’s senior communications director, J. Justin Wilson.“This is perhaps the most clear-cut case involving food trucks,” Mr. Wilson said, “because the city is willing to make the one argument that lurks behind all other anti-truck regulations — that a city can legally favor one type of business, restaurants, over another, food trucks.”Bill McCaffrey, a spokesman for Chicago’s Department of Law, said that he could not comment about pending litigation, but that the city’s food truck ordinance had been upheld in two courts.“The regulations strike the right balance between the interests of food trucks and restaurants and create a healthy environment in which both can flourish,” he said.Competition, development and regulatory thickets are creating a lot of industry angst, said Matt Geller, president of the National Food Truck Association.“But what I always tell people,” said Mr. Geller, who is also chief executive of the Southern California Mobile Food Vendors Association, “is that regulations can change.”In Los Angeles, where trucks that meet height requirements have almost complete freedom of movement, urban density is a positive, Mr. Geller said. “You take that same scenario in L.A., a giant building going up, and vendors say: ‘Three hundred people are going to be walking downstairs; this is going to be great,’” he said.Responding to the wave of closings, Portland food cart advocates are seeking to change regulations by carving out a permanent space downtown for some of the soon-to-be-displaced Alder Street carts. Although this “culinary corridor” is still in the conceptual stages, it has won tacit support from business and civic leaders, many of whom view the carts as integral to tourism.Yet to be hashed out is who would decide who gets one of the limited spaces, and how the city would manage the space, said Randy Gragg, a local urban design advocate who, with Mr. Huerta and Brett Burmeister, founder of a local food carts blog, is championing the idea.In Charleston, the city is still trying to get its arms around the food truck industry as it relates to taxes, health and safety, Mr. Creger said. He added that the Container Bar’s food truck area was designed to provide a good customer experience, with seating and bathrooms.Having someone with the stature of Bill Murray as a partner does not hurt business, Mr. Creger said.“I call it ‘the Bill Murray effect.’ When he walks in, it’s like somebody turns it up 25 to 30 percent,” he said. “It’s great before he got there, and it’s even better after that.”MOSCOW — A court in Moscow on Thursday released from pretrial detention one of the most prominent American businessmen working in Russia, whose arrest earlier this year had spooked foreign investors.The arrest was all the more alarming as Michael Calvey, the founder and chief executive of the private equity company Baring Vostok, had been a consistent advocate for investment in Russia — even as many firms have retreated from the country, driven away by its struggling economy and worsening relationship with the West.Mr. Calvey’s advocacy for investment continued despite two decades of government takeovers of companies, ruble devaluations and politically hued arrests, including that of Sergei L. Magnitsky, who died in pretrial detention and had been working as a lawyer for another prominent investor.Yet Mr. Calvey, even in detention, continued to speak out in favor of the investment case for Russia, reading a statement to that effect on Thursday from inside the aquarium-like glass box where defendants are placed in Russian courts. In his remarks, he said the case against him was prompted by a business dispute.“Despite this corporate conflict, which spilled over into a criminal prosecution,” Mr. Calvey said, “I would like to underscore what I’ve always said: I still believe in the investment potential of Russia.”He read the statement in the Basmanny District Court of Moscow while asking for release from pretrial detention, making it unclear whether he was seeking to curry favor or argue that his continued business in Russia reduced his flight risk.Mr. Calvey founded Baring Vostok soon after the collapse of Communism to bring investors into Russia’s newly capitalist economy. Over its roughly 25 years in business, the company had attracted $3.7 billion in private equity capital to Russia for companies like Yandex, a search engine that competes locally with Google, and Ozon, an online retailer.The police arrested Mr. Calvey, 51, and four colleagues in February amid a dispute with business partners over an investment in a Russian bank. That set off alarms for American companies worried that their executives might be similarly arrested in a climate of tense relations between Russia and the United States.After the arrest, American businessmen considered boycotting an annual Russian investment conference planned for June in St. Petersburg. In this way, paradoxically, the arrest caused the same sort of harm to Russia’s economy as American sanctions, which restrict some investment.Government prosecutors asked the court to release Mr. Calvey pending trial, citing support for him in Russian business circles and new information that seemed to diminish his flight risk.Among the Russians who have spoken in support of Mr. Calvey was Kirill Dmitriev, the head of a government investment fund who is seen as close to President Vladimir V. Putin. Mr. Dmitriev issued a statement this week supporting Mr. Calvey’s release pending trial.The court remanded Mr. Calvey to house arrest. The four other defendants remain in pretrial detention.Mr. Calvey, who speaks Russian, told the judge that his business rivals had abused the Russian justice system to press a case in criminal court that should have been decided in commercial arbitration. “Our opponents abused the law,” he said.Western diplomats have debated whether Mr. Calvey’s arrest stemmed from a political decision in Russia to target American businessmen or from low-level corruption that plagues much of Russia’s business community.Mr. Dmitriev’s statement, made shortly before Mr. Calvey’s release, suggested that the Kremlin does not want the case to slow investment or spiral into an international scandal, as happened after the death in pretrial detention of Mr. Magnitsky, a lawyer for the financier William F. Browder. Mr. Browder successfully lobbied the United States and other countries to impose sanctions on Russia.Russian entrepreneurs are frequent targets of shakedowns and shadowy schemes to steal assets, Russia’s own business ombudsman has said.Arrests in such disputes are so common that today about one of every 10 prisoners in Russia’s penal colony system, the network of razor-wire and barrack camps that is the successor to the gulag, is serving time for an economic crime.So many white-collar convicts are in these camps that in 2013, amid an economic slump, Mr. Putin announced in a speech at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum that he would offer amnesty to thousands of them to help stimulate the economy.Few were released. And changes in law intended to limit arrests for economic crimes hardly addressed the problem, according to Russia Behind Bars, a support group for families of imprisoned businessmen. In Russia, the police often profit from arrests by soliciting bribes to remove competition or resolve business disputes, the anticorruption group Transparency International has said.If convicted, Mr. Calvey faces up to 10 years in the often violent penal colony system, known as “the zone.”The Los Angeles Times said Tuesday that it would resume publishing a stand-alone print section dedicated to food, and that it had added new staff members to fill its pages. The moves come as a rare bright spot in a season of layoffs and consolidation in American journalism.The newspaper ceased printing a food section in 2012, and folded its food coverage into the Saturday paper as part of a painful decline that has persisted through much of this century.Last year, Patrick Soon-Shiong, a billionaire surgeon and medical entrepreneur, bought the paper and installed the veteran newsman Norman Pearlstine as its executive editor.“We view Los Angeles as the nation’s food capital, and the print section, which will serve as a weekly digest of our daily coverage, is an expression of our determination to provide the world’s best, most authoritative and comprehensive coverage of it,” Mr. Pearlstine said in a statement on Tuesday.Changes to the newspaper in the past year have been rapid and remarkable, including rebuilding a food section that Ruth Reichl, a former New York Times restaurant critic, once edited and where Jonathan Gold, the Pulitzer Prize-winning critic, reviewed restaurants.Mr. Gold died of pancreatic cancer in July at age 57. His legacy will guide the new food section, said Peter Meehan, the New York writer and editor who is now the newspaper’s food editor.“If you look at the way he was celebrated in his passing, it was more suited to that of a civic leader than a restaurant critic,” Mr. Meehan said in an interview on Tuesday. “Writing about restaurants was the way he taught people who their neighbors were.”The new section will appear in April, and be delivered in the printed paper each Thursday, when the circulation is 474,129, according to a spokeswoman. (The Sunday newspaper’s circulation is 665,738.) The section is part of a larger push to increase food coverage on all platforms, including the web.New and reassigned editors and writers will help fill its pages. Andrea Chang is the deputy food editor for Mr. Meehan, who will divide his time between Los Angeles and New York. Ben Mims has been hired as a cooking columnist, and Genevieve Ko as cooking editor. Mr. Mims was the test-kitchen director at Lucky Peach, the food journal started by Mr. Meehan, Chris Ying and the chef David Chang. (It ceased publication in 2017.) Ms. Ko has long been a stalwart of food media, writing cookbooks with several notable chefs and producing recipes and editing for almost all the nation’s major food publications, including The New York Times.The Food section will also publish work by Gustavo Arellano, the author of the column ¡Ask a Mexican! and a features writer at the paper.In November, the newspaper named as its new restaurant critics Bill Addison, who had been the national critic for the website Eater, and Patricia Escárcega, a food reporter for The Arizona Republic who had reviewed restaurants for The Phoenix New Times.The paper has also hired an audience-engagement editor and is building a new test kitchen at its headquarters in El Segundo, Calif.Mr. Meehan said he has been given wide leeway to cover the Los Angeles food scene the way he sees fit.“I want it to be as good and as weird and as interesting as I can,” he said. “My mandate is, let’s rebuild this as a civic institution and hold a mirror up to the city and show it itself.”Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook and Pinterest. Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.Can a scrappy Israeli nonprofit land on the moon on a $100 million shoestring? Tonight it took the first step as it launched and then set off on a long journey to the lunar surface.Until now, only three nations — the United States, former Soviet Union and China — have sent robotic landers to the moon. Beginning in 2007, a competition run by the X Prize Foundation and financed by Google was supposed to spur entrepreneurs to send a privately financed spacecraft there, but the competition deadline passed without anyone taking home the $20 million grand prize.SpaceIL, based in Israel, was one of the finalists and continued its efforts even though there was no money to win. On Thursday night, its spacecraft lifted off on board a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket in Florida.[Sign up to get reminders for space and astronomy events on your calendar.]When will Beresheet land on the moon?The landing is expected to occur in April.Why will it take so long to get there?The spacecraft is taking a long but fuel-efficient route. Instead of blasting out of Earth’s orbit, it will gradually elongate its elliptical orbit until it passes close enough to the moon to be captured by lunar gravity. Then it will spend a few more days making its orbit around the moon more circular before attempting a landing.What will the Beresheet spacecraft do on the moon?An instrument built by the Weizmann Institute of Science is to measure the moon’s magnetic field as the spacecraft approaches for landing. That information could reveal something about the iron core far below the surface.NASA provided the spacecraft with retroreflectors, essentially, mirrors that reflect light in the same direction as the incoming beam. Lasers on Earth shined at that spot will bounce back, enabling precise measurement of the distance between Earth and the moon. Apollo astronauts left similar devices on the moon nearly 50 years ago.The spacecraft is also a time capsule containing hundreds of digital files including the Torah, the Israeli flag, artwork contributed by the public and a children’s book that was inspired by SpaceIL’s mission to the moon.It also will ferry a digital archive containing 30 million pages of information — including a full version of the English-language Wikipedia encyclopedia — provided by the Arch Mission Foundation, a nonprofit seeking to create a backup of humanity’s knowledge.How long will the mission last?Not long. Beresheet is not designed to operate for more than a few days. It will land at the beginning of a lunar day. The electronics are not designed to survive the hotter temperatures that prevail on the moon’s surface as the sun gets higher in the moon’s sky.Will the mission succeed?The traditional and more expensive approach to spacecraft design is to rely on components that have successfully flown before, and to include backups for critical systems. SpaceIL left out much of the redundancy and tried to take a more nimble approach to save money. The engineers at SpaceIL and Israel Aerospace Industries, the large aerospace company that collaborated on building Beresheet, said the mission is riskier, but they made considered decisions on where to take shortcuts.Will Beresheet hop?One of the requirements for winning the $20 million Google Lunar X Prize was that the spacecraft had to move 500 meters, or 1,640 feet, on the lunar surface. To achieve this, SpaceIL’s engineers planned to have Beresheet take off again after landing and move the required distance. Because there is no longer $20 million to be won, Beresheet may just stay put. “A million things can go wrong,” said Yonatan Winetraub, one of SpaceIL’s founders. “It might tip over and explode.”The SpaceIL team will make a final hop-or-no-hop decision after the landing in April.What other spacecraft launched with Beresheet aboard the SpaceX rocket?Beresheet was not the main payload on the rocket. The main customer was Pasifik Satelit Nusantara, an Indonesian satellite operator that is launching a telecommunications satellite called Nusantara Satu. As a secondary rideshare, SpaceIL was able to pay much less for its trip. The rocket will also deploy an experimental satellite for the United States Air Force. The first stage of the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket itself has launched and landed twice, once in July 2018 and again in October. John C. Bogle, who died on Wednesday, is widely seen as having changed how ordinary people invest their money. His firm, the Vanguard Group of Investment Companies, which grew to have $4.9 trillion under management, was built on a belief that, over the long term, most investment managers cannot outperform the broad stock market averages. “Jack Bogle made an impact on not only the entire investment industry, but more importantly, on the lives of countless individuals saving for their futures or their children’s futures,” Tim Buckley, Vanguard’s chief executive, said in a statement. Here are some of Mr. Bogle’s investment tips: 1. Stay the course“Wise investors won’t try to outsmart the market,” he says. “They’ll buy index funds for the long term, and they’ll diversify.” Long-term investors must hold stocks even though the market is risky, because they are still likely to produce better returns than the alternatives, Mr. Bogle said in 2012. Investors should weather any storms, he told The Wall Street Journal in 2016.“If we’re going to have lower returns, well, the worst thing you can do is reach for more yield. You just have to save more.” 2. Beware the experts Money managers missed all the warning signs before the 2008 financial crisis, Mr. Bogle noted: “How could so many highly skilled, highly paid securities analysts and researchers have failed to question the toxic-filled, leveraged balance sheets of Citigroup and other leading banks and investment banks?”In 2017, he waved younger investors away from financial advisers and gave his approval to robo-advisers. “Unless you need a financial adviser to help you get started in that routine, you probably don't need a financial adviser at all,” he told CNBC. 3. Keep costs down Vanguard’s fund shareholders own it collectively, so there is no parent company or private owner to siphon profit, allowing the firm to keep costs down. “In investing, you get what you don’t pay for. Costs matter. So intelligent investors will use low-cost index funds to build a diversified portfolio of stocks and bonds, and they will stay the course. And they won’t be foolish enough to think that they can consistently outsmart the market.” Mr. Bogle became a harsh critic in his later years of the mutual fund industry and the high fees charged to investors for stock-picking expertise. 4. Don’t get emotional Invest in a diverse selection of stocks and bonds, trust in the arithmetic and stick to it — this was the essence of Mr. Bogle’s advice for Vanguard investors. “Impulse is your enemy,” was one of the mantras. “Eliminate emotion from your investment program. Have rational expectations for future returns and avoid changing those expectations in response to the ephemeral noise coming from Wall Street.” 5. Own the entire stock market Mr. Bogle was the leading proponent of structuring an investment portfolio to mirror the performance of a market yardstick, like the S&P 500 stock index. “The S&P 500 is a great proxy,” Mr. Bogle told The Wall Street Journal last year, adding that he hadn’t bought an individual stock in about 25 years. Mr. Bogle also told CNBC that the United States market was a safer bet than other markets. “U.S. companies are innovative and entrepreneurial,” he said. LONDON — In Parliament, lawmakers are mired in gridlock over Britain’s departure from the European Union, with no clear path forward. In Washington, President Trump stormed out of a meeting with congressional leaders who oppose his border wall, hardening a standoff that has shut down much of the government for longer than ever before.Two governments paralyzed. Two populist projects stalled. Two venerable democracies in crisis.Rarely have British and American politics seemed quite so synchronized as they do in the chilly dawn of 2019, three years after the victories of Brexit and Donald J. Trump upended the two nations’ political establishments. The countries seem subject to a single ideological weather system — one that pits pro-globalization elites against a left-behind hinterland.The similarities abound: Brexiteers love to compare their cause to America’s war for independence. At a recent right-wing rally, one man marched with a scale model of the Liberty Bell. Mr. Trump has exuberantly backed Brexit, while his friend, the Brexit godfather Nigel Farage, appears on Fox News, invoking Europe’s migrant crisis as a reason to back Mr. Trump’s wall.“It’s stunning how parallel this is,” said Stephen K. Bannon, who was an architect of Mr. Trump’s immigration policy as his former chief strategist, and is an ally of Mr. Farage. “If you’re going to challenge the system, the system is going to fight back.”Mr. Bannon likened what he said was the growing possibility that Mr. Trump will declare a state of national emergency to build his wall over the objections of Congress to the once inconceivable but now real possibility that Britain will withdraw from the European Union in March without reaching a deal with Brussels — a so-called hard Brexit.“Trump is getting ready for his own no-deal, hard-out,” Mr. Bannon said, even as Republicans and Mr. Trump’s aides and family are urging him not to take such a step.The trans-Atlantic dysfunction has far-reaching ramifications, given the role the United States and Britain, pillars of the NATO alliance, play in counterterrorism operations, intelligence sharing, sanctions enforcement, and dealing with conflict zones like Syria.With both countries also turning away from multilateral trade agreements, China has the opportunity to step in and play an even bigger role in the global economy. And Russia has seen an opening to expand its influence in Europe, where rising nationalism has threatened to fracture the European Union.Mr. Trump and the Brexiteers have ridden a nationalist tide in their countries as well, using a potent anti-immigration message to appeal to mostly white voters who yearn for a more homogeneous society that no longer exists.In Britain, immigration has provided an electric current to conservative politics since at least 1968, when the lawmaker Enoch Powell delivered a seminal speech calling for immigrants to be repatriated. Quoting a Greek prophecy of “the river Tiber foaming with much blood,” Mr. Powell’s speech is credited with propelling the Conservative Party to victory in the general election of 1970, though it also turned Mr. Powell into a political pariah.Opposition to immigration spiked over the last two decades as Britain was hit with a series of terrorist attacks by Islamist militants and watched as migrants from Syria, Libya and other war-torn countries flooded across Europe.In the United States, where the right was once preoccupied by social issues like abortion and same-sex marriage, immigration surged as an issue because of the changes wrought by globalization. Manufacturing jobs moved overseas, where labor was cheaper, while immigrants took both unskilled and high-tech jobs previously held by Americans.By 2008, the financial crisis had wiped out millions of jobs, keeping people out of work for years and deepening the sense of grievance among many Trump supporters that immigrants were working for less and robbing them of their livelihoods.Local politicians in California and elsewhere shot to stardom by introducing anti-immigrant ordinances. The Tea Party movement emerged, with core issues similar to those of Mr. Farage’s pro-Brexit U.K. Independence Party.“The culture war has been replaced by a border war,” said Michael Lind, a visiting professor at the Lyndon B. Johnson School of Public Affairs at the University of Texas. The residents of rural postindustrial areas came to view globalism sourly, he said, as an urgent problem.“The people in those areas just said: ‘O.K., we’re not giving them any more time, the people in London and D.C., your time is up. We’re not going to wait a few more years for a recovery,’” said Mr. Lind, the author of “Land of Promise: An Economic History of the United States.” “They decided: ‘There’s a limited pie. This pie is not growing.’”The urge to solve these problems by walling off the country from its neighbors is not a new one in either Britain or the United States. It partly reflects geography: Both are separated from much of the world by water, allowing them to experiment with isolationism.“Brexit and the border wall are driven by the same impulse,” said Robert Kagan, a foreign policy theorist at the Brookings Institution. “Both reflect the island nation approach to the world, ‘Wouldn’t it be great if we could just cut ourselves off from everybody else?’”“Britain, to some extent, is returning to one version of its roots, and America is returning to one version of its roots,” said Mr. Kagan, whose most recent book is “The Jungle Grows Back: America and Our Imperiled World.”Britain has sometimes acted as a political early-warning system for its former colony. Margaret Thatcher took power less than two years before her conservative ally Ronald Reagan; the British voted to leave the European Union five months before Mr. Trump’s victory. The reverse was true in the 1990s, when Bill Clinton’s election anticipated that of Tony Blair.If the two countries are both vulnerable to gridlock, that is partly for historic reasons. As two of the world’s oldest democracies, they spring from the same, centuries-old model: the electoral system known as first-past-the post or winner-take-all. Democracies that developed later, like Sweden and Finland, introduced proportional representation, which allows for smaller parties to enter Parliament.Winner-take-all, by contrast, tends to increase polarization between two large parties, and exaggerate geographical divides, setting up stark conflict between sections of society.And if Britain traditionally had a “strong, stable, efficient central state” that wielded control over policymaking, this has been changing, as Parliament reasserts its power to block the government’s agenda — much as a House of Representatives controlled by the Democrats is thwarting Mr. Trump.“In my lifetime, Britain has never been in a more fragile state,” said Matthew Goodwin, an author of “National Populism: The Revolt Against Liberal Democracy.” “British politics is in an almost nonstop state of crisis. There are very high levels of polarization.”“Both countries have seen the mainstream center really be squeezed,” Mr. Goodwin added. “That moderate, pluralistic marketplace of ideas — that’s really been challenged. Both countries have seen the rise of populist entrepreneurs.”The most successful of these populist entrepreneurs is Mr. Trump, though he is adapting only fitfully to the realities of divided government in Washington. Mr. Bannon cast the standoff over the wall as a case of the establishment striking back against Mr. Trump’s insurgent victory in 2016.“I call it the nullification project,” he said. “They’re not going to let you run on those populist themes and then implement them. If you’re going to be a disrupter, you’re going to have to take it from them.”Mr. Kagan argued that the paralysis in Washington and London was not a case of populists versus elites, but merely democracies showing their periodic inability to settle deeply rooted divisions in society. And some argue that is not necessarily a bad thing.“The process of consensus has broken down, but neither side is capable of imposing its will on the other side,” Mr. Lind said. “The purpose of having veto points is to build an eventual consensus. It’s not to paralyze things forever.”In Washington, Mr. Trump may break the impasse by declaring his emergency — a risky assertion of executive power that would be challenged in the courts but would enable the government to reopen. Either way, the fate of the United States will not hang in the balance.In London, where the political and economic consequences of a chaotic departure from Europe are far more profound, “it is much more difficult to compromise,” Mr. Lind said. “The side that loses is really, really going to lose.”Have you ever known someone who has died, whether someone close to you, an acquaintance or even a famous figure? What legacy did the person leave in your life or the world? What made him or her so meaningful or memorable to you?In “Want to Leave a Legacy? Be a Mentor,” Jane E. Brody writes about how making a positive impact can keep people alive in the memories and lives of others:Encouraged by a grandfatherly professor at Cornell, in my sophomore year I gave a speech asking my fellow students “when you come to the end of your days, will you be able to write your own epitaph?”I urged them to focus on establishing meaningful goals and the legacy they may want to leave when their physical lives end. By legacy, I did not mean money, structures or any other tangible object. I meant the positive impact they might have that would help to keep them alive in the memories and lives of others.Thus, when I read Marc Freedman’s new book, “How to Live Forever: The Enduring Power of Connecting the Generations,” it spoke volumes to me. It reminded me of that dear professor, George Eric Peabody, who was in effect my mentor, encouraging me to step out of my comfort zone and develop talents I never knew I had.Professor Peabody, who died in 1967 at age 70, did indeed leave an enviable legacy. As stated in the university’s memorial, he was “an inspiring and challenging teacher in helping thousands of students develop poise, self-confidence and, in his concise words, the ability to ‘stand up — speak up — and shut up.’”Mr. Freedman, the founder of Encore.org and co-founder of Experience Corps, both dedicated to helping older adults find purpose later in life, calls himself a social entrepreneur. Asked what it takes to be a mentor, he said succinctly, “Showing up and shutting up: Being consistent and listening. You don’t have to be a charismatic superhero. You don’t need an advanced degree. It’s more about the relationship than imparting sage advice. The key is not being interesting. The real key is being interested — being present and paying attention.”The article continues:Mr. Freedman’s latest endeavor, now in its second year, is called Generation to Generation, a foundation-supported nationwide project that aims to “build a movement of older people focused on the well-being of future generations.”The annual increase in life expectancy attests to the importance of this effort. More and more people are living 20 or 30 years beyond traditional retirement age. Do they all want to spend those “golden years” watching TV, playing cards or golf, reading or traveling? Or might some prefer a more productive and meaningful old age, one that could enrich them physically, mentally and socially, and in some cases economically?“The real fountain of youth is the fountain with youth,” Mr. Freedman said. “It’s spending less time focused on being young and more time focused on being there for the next generation.” As the developmental psychologist and psychoanalyst Erik Erikson said nearly 70 years ago, “I am what survives me.”Students, read the entire article, then tell us:— What do you think about the premise of this article? Do you agree that leaving a positive impact on the world and others is more memorable than the money, property and other tangible objects one has to one’s name? Why or why not? Can you think of an example of someone’s life that supports your opinion?— Who has been a mentor to you? What influence have they had in your life, the lives of others or the world?— When your physical life ends, how do you want to be remembered? What do you hope people will say about you? What kind of lasting impact do you want to have made on the world, whether it’s through your work, accomplishments, relationships or something else?— What things are you doing or working toward now that are helping to shape the legacy you want to leave?— The developmental psychologist and psychoanalyst Erik Erikson said nearly 70 years ago, “I am what survives me.” What does this mean to you? How might you apply it to your life?Students 13 and older are invited to comment. All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public.Welcome to Best of Late Night, a rundown of the previous night’s highlights that lets you sleep — and lets us get paid to watch comedy. If you’re interested in hearing from The Times regularly about great TV, sign up for our Watching newsletter and get recommendations straight to your inbox.‘He Gives Us No Choice’President Trump came after the late-night TV hosts on Wednesday, accusing them on Twitter of “one-sided hatred.” Trump referred proudly to recent comments from Jay Leno, who lamented late-night TV’s current obsession with Trump (though Leno also had plenty of his own criticisms of the president).Jimmy Kimmel pushed back, saying that Trump’s presidency is so extraordinary it has become virtually impossible not to talk about him every day. “I don’t want to talk about Donald Trump every night. None of us do,” he said. “But he gives us no choice.”“If he sat in the White House all day quietly working on things, I would almost never mention him, because it’s not interesting. But today — not even today, before 10 a.m. today, before 10 o’clock this morning, his former campaign chairman was sentenced to prison for the second time in a week, he called himself the most successful president in history and he tweeted to let people know his wife hasn’t been replaced with a body double. I’m not supposed to mention that?” — JIMMY KIMMEL“Obama wore mom jeans one time and we made jokes about it for six straight years. How about this: You stop being terrible, we’ll stop pointing it out, O.K.?” — JIMMY KIMMELLeno Stops InOver on “The Tonight Show,” Leno dropped by in person for a surprise visit, temporarily seizing the spotlight from Jimmy Fallon and — indeed — rattling off a handful of Trump-free (but often risqué) jokes.“Medical marijuana experts now say you can cure hemorrhoids using marijuana. Let me tell you something — O.K., no — if you think you can cure hemorrhoids with marijuana, somebody’s just blowing smoke up your ass.” — JAY LENOHe got some of his strongest laughs when casting himself as the wizened old-timer, lamenting the rise of Amazon and remembering another era.“Amazon announced they’re going to be opening stores nationwide with no sales clerks of any kind. First of all, that’s not new, O.K.? Sears had that 20 years ago.” — JAY LENO“What happened to Sears? Remember when Sears was Amazon? Remember those days, you got that catalog, you found what you wanted, and boom, eight weeks later, it was right there.” — JAY LENOWaiting for MuellerStephen Colbert is growing impatient as he awaits the report of Robert Mueller, the special counsel.“Come on already, Bob! It’s been two years! Even George R.R. Martin is like, ‘Wrap it up.’” — STEPHEN COLBERTColbert recounted the latest news in the Russia investigation: On Wednesday, Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign chairman, was in court to be sentenced for his crimes — for the second time in two weeks.“It might sound impossible to serve two sentences at the same time, but I think Manafort’s up to it — because he served two countries at the same time.” — STEPHEN COLBERT“Paul Manafort was sentenced to an additional three and a half years in prison. So at least somebody from the Trump campaign is getting a second term.” — SETH MEYERSThe Bits Worth WatchingSamantha Bee dedicated eight minutes of her show to discussing Representative Ilhan Omar, whose recent comments about the United States’ relationship with Israel have been the subject of heated debate.The celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay can’t get away from his famous “idiot sandwich” moment.What We’re Excited About on Thursday NightThe actor and entrepreneur Joseph Gordon-Levitt will sit down with Kimmel on Thursday.Also, Check This OutOur comedy critic spent some time in New Orleans with Amy Schumer, who has a new stand-up special and is about to embark on a major new phase in her personal life.Plus, Ideas for What to Watch Tonight:The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right NowThe 25 Best Films of the 21st CenturyThe Best Movies on Amazon Prime Video Right Now[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]This week came the very dispiriting news that despite years of agonized debate over how to diversify New York City’s specialized high schools, only a small percentage of black and Latino children gained admission to them for the upcoming academic year.A continuation of the status quo would have been bleak enough, but there were signs of regression. Even though, for example, the number of Latino children who took the entrance exam (the sole criteria for acceptance) increased this year, the number admitted actually went down. Of the 4,798 spots awarded in these schools in total, only 190 went to black students.As ever, the focus quickly landed on the gaping disparities at Stuyvesant. There, just seven of the 895 children admitted were black. Stuyvesant is the most selective of the eight schools in the specialized high school system; it requires at least a score of 557 (out of 800) on the entrance exam known as the SHSAT. This is the highest cutoff. Fewer than 4 percent of those who take the test qualify for admission to Stuyvesant, which accepts a smaller percentage of its applicants than Harvard, Stanford or M.I.T.That has given the school a disproportionate role in discussions of improving social mobility.Presumably, a Stuyvesant graduate will have a better than average chance at getting into Harvard. And a great number of people in the pundit class believe that a more equitably balanced Harvard leads to a more equitably balanced America. But even if every spot in the Ivy League were filled by an exceptional student from a low-income family, a mere 60,000 or so American undergraduates would see their fortunes rise. Something like six million others would be left struggling in underfunded community colleges with typically poor rates of graduation.Similarly, even if every seat at Stuyvesant were taken by a student from a low-income black or Latino family, a few thousand children would embark on a clearer path to success, while tens of thousands of other black and Latino children in the same circumstance would have no such obvious road in front of them.[Stuyvesant has 29 black students out of 3,300. Read about how they feel.]Certainly the racial incongruities at Stuyvesant, which is populated predominantly by Asian students, needs to be rectified in some way — particularly at a moment when many colleges and universities are reducing the focus on standardized tests. (Virtually no prestigious college uses a single test as the basis for admission.) At the same time we would all do well to be less obsessed with Stuyvesant and the many other educational institutions that derive their status largely through exclusion.The fixation with prestige that drives the mania around Stuyvesant is really no different from the status desperation that fueled the recent college admissions scandal in which dozens of wealthy parents were charged with bribing their children’s way into Yale, the University of Southern California and other highly ranked schools out of the terror, presumably, that the lives of their young charges would run off course without the right brand affiliation.Immigrant parents in Flushing, Queens, work hard and sacrifice and spend thousands of dollars on test preparation in the hope their children will have far better jobs and live in much bigger houses, while parents on the West Side of Los Angeles fall under the temptations of con men who have found creative ways of preying on the often inexplicable but deep-seated insecurities of the American upper class.What will shift the dynamic? In the case of New York City’s elite public high schools, it might help if educators and other officials worked to expand notions of prestige and success. Stuyvesant and Bronx Science are considered the city’s top public high schools largely because they are so selective and also because they focus on science, computer studies, mathematics — the STEM subjects that are regarded as the runway to lucrative careers in finance and technology.It is noteworthy that the ranking of the country’s best high schools by state, compiled by U.S. News and World Report, lists both the High School of American Studies at Lehman College and Brooklyn Latin, both of which are centered on the humanities, above Stuyvesant and Bronx Science. These rankings are based not on selectivity but on student performance and specifically on the performance of black and Hispanic students from low-income backgrounds compared with the state average. Lehman and Brooklyn Latin are both part of the city’s specialized high-school cohort. Both admit a considerably higher share of black and Hispanic students than Stuyvesant or Bronx Science.Of the more than 8,400 Asian students who took the specialized high-school test this year, more than half listed either Stuyvesant or Bronx Science as their first choice, while just 200 or so named Lehman or Brooklyn Latin as first choice.From a cultural perspective it is problematic, too, that more ambitious students are not drawn to an education where the classics and history are prioritized, particularly in this period where political life is so fraught. The compulsion with STEM is producing a tunnel vision in which one kind of life is prized above too many others — the life of start-ups and public offerings and enormous windfalls.When Elizabeth Holmes, the fraudulent blood company entrepreneur who is the subject of a new documentary about Theranos, was asked, as a little girl, what she wanted to be when she grew up, she had a ready answer: a billionaire.LITTLE BOY By Lawrence FerlinghettiLawrence Ferlinghetti celebrates his 100th birthday on March 24 with the publication of “Little Boy,” his life story told in flashes and arias. No one’s biography has more completely or ardently embodied the visions and contradictions, the achievements and calamities, the social mobility and social animosities, of that life span.Poet, retail entrepreneur, social critic, publisher, combat veteran, pacifist, poor boy, privileged boy, outspoken socialist and successful capitalist, with roots in the East Coast and the West Coast (as well as Paris), Ferlinghetti has not just survived for a century: He epitomizes the American culture of that century.Specifically, he has been a unique protagonist in a national drama: the American struggle to imagine a democratic culture. How does the ideal of social mobility affect notions of high and low, Europe and the New World, tradition and progress? That struggle of imagination underlies the art of Walt Whitman and Duke Ellington, Emily Dickinson and Buster Keaton. It also underlies a range of American issues, from the segregation of public schools to the reality of human-caused climate change. Those political issues involve our interbreeding of the highbrow and the vulgarian in a supercharged process whose complexities defy simplifying terms like “culture wars.”As to social mobility, the opening pages of “Little Boy” range from a Chappaqua orphanage to prep school at Mount Hermon; from malnutrition to luxury. He lived with his Tante Emilie on the Upper West Side and in Strasbourg (French was the little boy’s first language) and then in a Bronxville mansion where Emilie for a spell became the governess. After his graduation from the University of North Carolina, Ferlinghetti commanded a submarine chaser in the Normandy landings, then “went to the Pacific as a navigator … and saw Nagasaki seven weeks after the second bomb was dropped and saw the landscape of hell and became an instant pacifist.”Is Ferlinghetti’s career as an influential, best-selling poet a story of high culture or of popular culture? Is his City Lights, as bookstore and publisher, a San Francisco tourist trap? Or is City Lights a literary, moral and legal shrine that not only published Frank O’Hara’s “Lunch Poems” and Allen Ginsberg’s “Howl and Other Poems” but in a 1957 court case established First Amendment principles that transformed American life? The store’s North Beach location has been designated an “official” San Francisco landmark. Is that a funny contradiction in terms? Or a triumph? The answer to all these questions is, emphatically, yes — all of the above.[ Read Dwight Garner’s celebration of Ferlinghetti’s San Francisco here. ]The cover of “Little Boy” bears the label “A Novel” — not a matter of literary form so much as an assertion of the autobiographer’s right to invent, embellish and creatively misremember. The book begins with a few dozen pages of engaging narrative of a conventional kind: ancestry (including a strand of Sephardic immigrants to the Virgin Islands and other lines that are Danish and French, thus Tante Emilie) and childhood anecdote. That linear setup gradually sublimates into long, lyrical sentences of freewheeling associations: the verbal riffs of a good talker. Readers hoping for reminiscences of Beat figures like Ginsberg (“Ginzy”) and Jack Kerouac (“Ti-Jean”) may be disappointed. Ferlinghetti approaches writers and writing in a more sweeping, lofty way, as in his vision of Ginsberg “arm in arm” with “the other great writers and poets and great articulators of consciousness,” a procession that includes Shakespeare, Tolstoy, “sexy tragi-romantic Vincent Millay and Dylan Thomas sweet singer.”ImageAbove all, Ferlinghetti is literary in the American way of his generation, with the appealing old-fashioned enthusiasm of an autodidact (despite his M.A. from Columbia). As a child, he thrilled to “Horatius at the Bridge” and “The Charge of the Light Brigade.” He even calls Shakespeare “the bard of Avon” and notes that the Cantos of “Old Ez” Pound “couldn’t possibly be sung.” He also admires and mocks “old Tea Ass Eliot.” The mingled derision and awe, doubt and aspiration come from that underlying cultural duality of high and low.Ferlinghetti’s vastly influential first book of poems, “A Coney Island of the Mind,” echoes that doubleness in its very title: In this corner, the Mind with a capital M; and in the other corner, Brooklyn’s thrilling, low-class amusement park. The book’s first poem, which so many of us read as enthralled teenagers, begins with a great European artist whose name is the second word: “In Goya’s greatest scenes we seem to see / the people of the world / exactly at the moment when / they first attained the title of / ‘suffering humanity.’”We generations affected by Ferlinghetti’s book (over a million copies sold) may never have seen a Goya image, but we could intuit that name’s resonance with the poem’s closing phrases:They are the same peopleonly further from homeon freeways fifty lanes wideon a concrete continentspaced with bland billboardsillustrating imbecile illusions of happinessand the “strange license plates / and engines / that devour America.” I know the limitations of this writing, but can you dare say you’ve outgrown a poem if you’re gratefully indebted to it?Goya and the billboards and the story of “Little Boy” echo a great national question. From the sublime mass-art works of Buster Keaton, now preserved in university archives, through the ebullient logic of classical music in “Looney Tunes,” to the absurdity of a president rising from a dumb “reality” TV show, from Coney Island to the Mind: Who, little boys and girls, juvenile yet old, do we think we are?OPELOUSAS, La. — Authorities said he had no known criminal record. A friend described him as an introverted animal lover who showed no animosity toward any race, and a talented, if frustrated heavy metal guitar player and singer. A fellow musician called him "a really sweet guy."But Holden Matthews, the white, 21-year-old son of a Louisiana sheriff's deputy, was behind bars Thursday, accused of torching three century-old African American churches during a 10-day period in and around Opelousas. The city of 16,000 people was set on edge by blazes, which evoked memories of terrorist acts during the civil rights movement.A fragment of a charred gasoline can, surveillance video that captured what appeared to be his parents' truck in key locations, debit card records and cellphone tracking techniques led authorities to arrest Matthews on Wednesday evening. But though the arrest affidavit showed how they linked Matthews to the crime, federal, state and local authorities who gathered for a Thursday news conference at the St. Landry Parish Sheriff's Office weren't ready to discuss motive.Eric Rommal, the agent in charge of the New Orleans FBI office, said investigators were still looking into whether the fires were "bias motivated."Matthews, who is scheduled for a Monday morning bond hearing, had a defender in Nygyl Bryyn Blackwolf, listed as Nygyl Bryyn among Matthews' Facebook friends. Blackwolf identified himself as a south Louisiana native, musician, entrepreneur and owner of the independent record label Power Back Productions. In a telephone interview from Los Angeles on Thursday, he described Matthews as a talented, sometimes frustrated musician — upset in recent months after he was told he needed to improve the quality of his recordings — but not a racist or violent person."If he's making a statement, it's against religion and establishment only, not against race," he said, later adding, "I don't think he did it, but if he did, it would not be because the churches are black."Blackwolf, 36, a native of Opelousas, said he met Matthews after moving out of state when Matthews, who played guitar and sang, answered an online ad while seeking a recording deal with Power Back Productions. They worked together and met face-to-face over the years. Matthews was at odds with his parents over his music aspirations, Blackwolf said, but never showed signs of violence or racism.Matthews had shown interest in "black metal," an extreme subgenre of heavy metal, state Fire Marshall Butch Browning said. The music has been linked, in some instances, to fires at Christian churches in Norway in the 1990s.A Facebook page that appeared to belong to Matthews showed him with the words "black metal" spray-painted on a wall behind him. He also posted a comment on a movie's portrayal of black metal musician Varg Vikernes, a far-right figure convicted of manslaughter and arson at three churches.Black metal lyrics often espouse Satanism and paganism, and a few bands feature neo-Nazi beliefs.Blackwolf, however, insisted that the black metal genre is not characterized by racism. He acknowledged that some, but not all, involved in black-metal music may have expressed racism, but he said it's not typical of the genre."We've got friends of all races," he said.Josh Cook, 27, a musician from Hammond, Louisiana, said he heard about the church burnings before Matthews' arrest and had wondered if they could have been inspired by the church fires in Norway. He said there is an "elitist" element of the black metal music scene that is fascinated with those church burnings.But he echoed Blackwolf's description of Matthews, saying the suspect was friends with a very diverse group of people and a "good dude" who never displayed signs of racism."He is actually a really sweet guy, which is why I was so surprised to hear what happened," Cook said. "He was not a jerk. He was very tolerant. He was very loving and very encouraging."Matthews' father, Roy Matthews, "broke down" when told his son was the suspect, said Sheriff Bobby Guidroz.Guidroz said the father aided authorities by arranging for the son to leave the house and go to a place where he could be arrested without incident. He did not elaborate.The younger Matthews was arrested on three counts of arson of a religious building. A conviction could bring up to 15 years in prison on each count, Browning said.The fires set many people on edge in and around Opelousas, about 140 miles (225 kilometers) northwest of New Orleans.Gov. John Bel Edwards said the fires were "especially painful" because they were a reminder "of a very dark past of intimidation and fear.""This is a reflection of one depraved individual," he added. "It is not a reflection on the state of Louisiana."An Associated Press reporter was turned away Thursday from what was believed to be the home the suspect shared with his parents.Matthews' arrest came a little more than two weeks after the first blaze at the St. Mary Baptist Church on March 26 in Port Barre, a town just outside of Opelousas. Days later, the Greater Union Baptist Church and Mount Pleasant Baptist Church in Opelousas were burned. Each was more than 100 years old.The churches were empty at the time, and no one was injured.The Rev. Harry Richard, pastor of Greater Union Baptist Church, which was destroyed, said the arrest put him at ease and let him sleep at night."I felt relieved my congregation didn't have to worry anymore," said Richard, who was told of the arrest late Wednesday. "I was reassured that law enforcement was on our side, that things were finally coming to an end."___McGill reported from New Orleans and Opelousas. Associated Press writers Stacey Plaisance in Opelousas, and Michael Kunzelman in College Park, Maryland, contributed to this report.“How you die 30-something after banging all them years?”Nipsey Hussle posed that question about a fallen colleague on a song released about a month before he met a similar fate. After his friend died, the ex-gangbanger Hussle said he took to the “sauna sheddin’ tears/All this money, power, fame and I can’t make you reappear.” Nor can Hussle’s fans make him reappear. On March 31, the rapper and activist was shot to death outside his clothing store in Los Angeles.Yet he is more present in the culture than he has ever been. How does a rapper who was just coming into his own fill the Staples Center for his funeral and cast a spell over a society that barely knew his name the day he died?One reason Hussle’s death struck a collective nerve is because his story fit into competing narratives across an ideological spectrum. Pull yourself up by your bootstraps? Hussle believed in hard work and black uplift and self-reliance, and started several businesses in the hood. Fight the powers that be? Hussle joined fellow rapper YG on an indictment of Donald Trump: “I’m from a place where you prolly can’t go/Speakin’ for some people that you prolly ain’t know.”But the main reason his story is so compelling is because love was at the core of his beliefs and behavior. Love of his craft. Love of his blackness. Love of his neighborhood. Love of his partner, the actress Lauren London, and their kids. And, belatedly, across the nation, in vigils and outpourings of unashamed adoration, we show our love of him for loving so faithfully while few of us paid attention. His death is even more haunting because the love he showed took place against the backdrop of unsettling violence, both real and imagined, both in structural forces and intimate spaces, often conjured or measured by his own pen.Hussle captured both his métier and his pedigree when he dubbed himself the “2Pac of my generation,” a cleareyed if fatal prophecy. There are certainly differences. Tupac’s resonant baritone, steeped in the sonic registers of the East and West Coasts where he came of age, echoed eerily across the culture and gained him global fame before death made him a transcendent icon. Hussle’s voice drawled in a Southern cadence inflected with California bravado that produced a Louisiangeles accent. Death amplified a sound that has only now been heard for the first time in many quarters. Both Tupac and Hussle were transformed in death from hood griots to ghetto saints, from verbal magicians to generational martyrs.Hussle loved and embraced his blackness, a blackness that was bigger than the sum of its intriguing parts. He was every bit the unapologetic patron of Slauson, Crenshaw and South Central Los Angeles. But he also embraced his East African roots in his father’s homeland of Eritrea when he was 18. Hussle, his brother and his father made another pilgrimage to Eritrea in 2018 that gave him renewed inspiration for his reverse-gentrification Husslenomics: Own your master recordings, master your own entrepreneurial terrain, recycle capital in the hood by reinvesting earnings back into the people who inspired your art. Hussle also embodied the trans-Atlantic routes of black identity — the crisscrossing and crosscutting ways of global blackness and the awareness that no one culture or country or tribe has ownership of a blissfully variegated blackness. It was that sense of blackness that linked a scholar like me and a rapper like him when we shared a six-hour flight last year from Los Angeles to New York. “Are you Michael Eric Dyson?” he asked as he slid into the seat next to me. “I read your books.”“Yes, sir. Are you Nipsey Hussle?” I replied as I showed him that I had downloaded his latest album on my smartphone. “I listen to your music.”We both smiled. We had an epic conversation and talked about the psychologist Abraham Maslow, whom he brought up. We discussed Hussle’s journey from gangbanging to hip hop, but especially our unblushing love for black culture. Hussle’s murder reveals a darker side of blackness: The revelation that the man charged in his murder is named Eric Holder is an unavoidable metaphor of the destructive doppelgänger that often lurks in black life. That for all the effort to do well and to be right, there are opposing forces that seek to subvert, distract and destroy. Hussle was a more delightful doppelgänger, borrowing his nom de plume from Nipsey Russell, the black comedian known as the “poet laureate of television” whose comedy reveled in aphorism and rhymes.Each day since Hussle’s death, more of his words surface like Dead Sea Scrolls and shed light on the secular scriptures he spat in rhyme. His death at 33 inevitably suggests the arc of resurrection, or at least a biblical reckoning with his time on earth. “I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith,” another marathon runner said. Or as Hussle said, “Hopin’ as you walk across the sand, you see my shoe print/And you follow til it change your life, it’s all an evolution.”Michael Eric Dyson (@MichaelEDyson) is the author of “What Truth Sounds Like: Robert F. Kennedy, James Baldwin, and Our Unfinished Conversation About Race in America,” an ordained Baptist minister and a contributing opinion writer.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.OPELOUSAS, La. — The suspect in a string of fires that destroyed three black churches in rural Louisiana is the white son of a sheriff's deputy whose father helped arrange for his arrest, authorities said Thursday.Holden Matthews, 21, was jailed without bail on arson charges in connection with the blazes in and around Opelousas, a city of 16,000 where the flame-gutted remains of the buildings evoked memories of civil rights era violence.Louisiana Fire Marshal Butch Browning offered no motive for the fires. He and other officials stopped short of calling them hate crimes. Eric Rommal, the agent in charge of the New Orleans FBI office, said investigators were still looking into whether the fires were "bias motivated."Browning said there were no indications that anyone else was involved and the danger to churches was over."This community is safe again," he told a news conference. "We are extremely, unequivocally confident that we have the person who is responsible for these tragic crimes."The Rev. Harry Richard, pastor of Greater Union Baptist Church, which was destroyed, said the arrest put him at ease and let him sleep at night."I felt relieved my congregation didn't have to worry anymore," said Richard, who was told of the arrest late Wednesday. "I was reassured that law enforcement was on our side, that things were finally coming to an end."Investigators used surveillance video, cellphone tracking and a Walmart receipt to help identify Matthews, who was arrested late Wednesday. They moved quickly, arresting him within 12 hours because they were worried that "other crimes were imminent," Browning said.The charred remains of a red gas can recovered at one of the churches was sold at Walmart locations, and the company's investigators found that the same type of gas can was bought March 25 at a store in Opelousas, along with automotive cloths and a lighter.The debit card used in that purchase belonged to Matthews, according to court documents."The purchase time on this receipt is less than three hours before the first church fire was reported," an affidavit said.In addition, cellphone tower data showed Matthews was in the area of all three fires. Surveillance video from businesses and homes near the churches, and on the roads to and from each fire scene, repeatedly showed a vehicle that was consistent with the beige pickup that belonged to Matthews' father. Matthews apparently drove the truck to buy the gas can and other items, according to the court documents.St. Landry Parish Sheriff Bobby Guidroz confirmed that the suspect was the son of deputy Roy Matthews, whom he described as an excellent employee who knew nothing of his son's actions.The elder Matthews was heartbroken when told his son was a suspect, the sheriff said."He broke down," Guidroz said. "It was hard." He said the father arranged for the son to leave the house and go to a place where he could be arrested without incident. He did not elaborate.The younger Matthews was arrested on three counts of arson of a religious building. A conviction could bring up to 15 years in prison on each count, Browning said.The fires set many people on edge in and around Opelousas, about 140 miles northwest of New Orleans.An Associated Press reporter was turned away from what was believed to be the home the suspect shared with his parents.Matthews had a defender in Nygyl Bryyn, a Facebook friend who identified himself as a south Louisiana native, musician, entrepreneur and agent. In a telephone interview from Los Angeles, Bryyn described Matthews as a talented, sometimes frustrated musician but not a racist or violent person."As far as being a white supremacist? No. Absolutely not," Bryyn said.Bryyn said he met Matthews after moving out of state when Matthews, who played guitar and sang, answered an online ad while seeking a record deal. They worked together and met face to face over the years.Matthews had long been upset with his parents for not supporting his musical efforts, Bryyn said. He also said Matthews had been discouraged in recent months as Bryyn urged him to improve the quality of his recordings. But Bryyn said he never sensed anger that would lead to arson.Matthews had shown interest in "black metal," an extreme subgenre of heavy metal, Browning said. The music has been linked, in some instances, to fires at Christian churches in Norway in the 1990s.A Facebook page that appeared to belong to Matthews showed him with the words "black metal" spray painted on a wall behind him. He also posted a comment on a movie's portrayal of black metal musician Varg Vikernes, a far-right figure convicted of manslaughter and arson at three churches.Black metal lyrics often espouse satanism and paganism, and a few bands feature neo-Nazi beliefs.Bryyn acknowledged that some people involved in black metal music have expressed racist ideas, but he insisted it's not typical of the genre."We've got friends of all races," he said. "This is a very large community. Despite the awful image, this is the most loving community you could imagine."The fires happened over a 10-day period. The first blaze torched the St. Mary Baptist Church on March 26 in Port Barre, a town just outside of Opelousas. Days later, the Greater Union Baptist Church and Mount Pleasant Baptist Church in Opelousas were burned. Each was more than 100 years old.The churches were empty at the time, and no one was injured.Denzel Washington, a 23-year-old black resident of Opelousas, lamented the loss for the congregations that now have to rebuild."But what's the sense in hate? Forgiven. Forgive what he's done. It's not going to change nothing," he said.___McGill reported from New Orleans and Opelousas. Associated Press writers Stacey Plaisance in Opelousas, and Michael Kunzelman in College Park, Maryland, contributed to this report.___This story has corrected the spelling of 'Bryyn' throughout.STOCKHOLM — Sweden's Social Democrat-led government will outline tax cuts for top earners on Wednesday, widening the gap between rich and poor in a country that has long enjoyed a reputation for social equality.The boost for wealthy Swedes is part of a compromise deal, struck between center-left and center-right parties after a September election resulted in a hung parliament, aimed at excluding the anti-immigration Sweden Democrats from government.It mirrors a dilemma facing politicians in other European countries such as Germany and Denmark where mainstream parties have faced a choice between papering over left-right animosity or giving populist parties a taste of power. But with many Swedes increasingly unhappy with public services such as policing, schools and care for the elderly, analysts warn the tax cuts in fact risk fuelling xenophobia and populist sentiment, widely seen as rooted in growing inequality.The policy, which will be outlined in a "mini-budget" update to the main autumn bill, scraps a 5 percent surcharge levied on the income of workers who earn more than about 700,000 Swedish crowns ($75,700) a year. The extra tax was introduced during the economic crisis of the early 1990s to support public finances.Those top earners will still be heavily taxed compared with many other countries, at around 60 percent. But the move, which takes effect next year, is likely to widen the divide between society's "haves" and "have nots". It follows a series of policies in recent years that benefited the well-off, including the scrapping of a wealth tax.While Sweden is still has one of the most equal societies, the divide between the richest and poorest people has grown faster than in any other developed nation in recent decades, according to the OECD. The organization uses the "Gini coefficient" to measure how equally income is distributed across society.The 20 billion crown revenue loss from this tax cut and a wider income tax reduction introduced in December's 2019 budget, will in part be offset by cuts in spending on care for the elderly and the overseas aid budget, and higher environmental taxes. Some in the center-left Social Democrats are angry over what they see as a betrayal of the values of a party that built Sweden's famed welfare state and engineered a society widely seen as setting the standard for equality and fairness."It's about defending democracy and for our group that means defending the welfare state where no one is left behind," said Markus Kallifatides, a Social Democrat lawmaker."Sweden is not that society anymore." But for many others, sidelining the anti-immigration Sweden Democrats is worth the price. "Reducing taxes for high income earners is not going to reduce inequality, of course," Swedish Finance Minister Magdalena Andersson told Reuters on March 29. "There is no question this is not the priority of the Social Democrats, but you need to get a majority so you have to compromise."In September's election, the Social Democrats posted their worst result for more than a century with the Sweden Democrats, eurosceptic nationalists who want to close the doors to asylum seekers, becoming the third-largest party.To break the deadlock, the Social Democrats and Greens agreed a four-year, 73-point program with the Centre and Liberal parties who insisted on income tax cuts and deregulation of the housing rental and labor markets as the price of support. NOT SO EQUALWhile the measures may be painful for the architects of Sweden's welfare state, they are just part of a change that has been going on for years.The top 1 percent in Sweden now own a greater share of the country's wealth than the top 1 percent in the United States, according to Credit Suisse's 2018 Global Wealth Report."There is a kind of renaissance of an economic aristocracy," said Ola Pettersson, chief economist at the Swedish Trade Union Confederation.While Sweden has not seen the kind of unrest that has hit some countries, there is a growing sense among many Swedes that riots in Stockholm in 2013 and a surge in gang violence are evidence of the kind of social fragmentation that has provided fertile soil for populists around Europe. Until the 1970s, successive Social Democrat governments turned the screws on Sweden's elite with high income taxes, wealth taxes, inheritance taxes, gift taxes and real estate taxes.Many rich Swedes - like IKEA founder Ingvar Kamprad - took their fortunes abroad.Faced with the exodus, Sweden instituted market-oriented reforms and embraced small businesses and entrepreneurs.A wealth tax, which had been reduced and watered down over many years, was abolished in 2007. High property tax has been replaced with a fee capped at 7,812 crowns.Inheritance tax has also been scrapped. Compare that to Britain, where beneficiaries pay 40 percent tax over a threshold of 325,000 pounds ($425,000).At the same time a decade of ultra-low rates has meant the value of real estate and stocks has soared, giving a boost to those who rely on capital gains as opposed to a monthly wage for the bulk of their income. Between 2006 and 2014, a center-right government also started reducing income taxes, with the top rates - excluding the surcharge - coming down in steps to around 60 percent from about 90 percent in the late 1970s. Welfare benefits were cut."Sweden is the best country in the world: for rich people," Jan Emanuel Johansson, a Social Democrat lawmaker-turned-healthcare businessman, said in a satirical video on YouTube.The millionaire, a popular public figure who won Swedish reality TV survival series "Robinson", said growing inequality would have exact a price for society as a whole, including social unrest on the streets. "Either you can say, I don't care. I'm one of the privileged and I can build a higher wall round my house," he added. "Or we have to realize that what is bad for those who ride the subway, at some point in the future is going to be bad for those who drive a Rolls-Royce." (Reporting by Simon Johnson; Editing by Pravin Char)LONDON — Lorne Thyssen-Bornemisza comes from one of Europe’s most famous art-collecting families: A museum in Madrid bears his family name. That institution, the Museo Nacional Thyssen-Bornemisza opened in 1992, when Spain bought the family’s collection of works by masters including Dürer, Caravaggio, Rubens, Monet and van Gogh. The collection, said to have been rivaled in Europe by only that of the queen of England, was established by a dynasty of industrialists who made a fortune in shipbuilding, coal, steel and iron.Mr. Thyssen-Bornemisza, 55, a collector of Roman coins and antiquities, opened the Kallos Gallery in London’s upscale Mayfair district in 2014 and specializes in Greek but also Roman, Egyptian and Near Eastern antiquities. Having been offered a small stand in the Showcase sidebar section of Tefaf Maastricht last year, Kallos is this year making its debut as a full-fledged exhibitor and will be showing items including a marble portrait head of the Roman Emperor Hadrian and an Egyptian alabaster canopic jar that once contained the organs of a high-ranking priest, removed during mummification.The following conversation has been edited and condensed.What is it like to show at Maastricht?It’s the gold standard — the best fair in the world. Typically, most dealers make over 50 percent of their annual turnover in their 10 days at Maastricht. Everybody hoards their best pieces for Maastricht, and that’s what we’ve done.How did the family collection come about?The collection started because my great-grandfather, who was a successful entrepreneur and not from a noble family, absolutely adored [the French sculptor Auguste] Rodin’s work and commissioned six pieces. He then went on to build up the old master collection. My grandfather continued the collection and took it up to about the 18th century. His famous directive to my father was: “You can collect up to the 18th century, but the 19th century is suspect, and the 20th century is rubbish.”My father, who clearly had very different tastes, was undeterred by this advice and started collecting German Expressionist paintings, which were at the time considered not great art.He then bought Cézanne, Matisse, van Gogh and the famous Gauguin “Mata Mua.” He loved Cubist paintings, loved Picasso, loved Braque. And in the ’70s, he fell in love with American 19th-century landscapes.At the time, there were only a handful of private collectors. The market wasn’t anything like what it became by the ’80s.What was it like growing up in the middle of all these masterpieces?When a painting arrived in [the Swiss family villa in] Lugano, my father was like a little boy at Christmas, unwrapping a painting and deciding where it would hang. His favorite paintings were actually in his bedroom: He had a late van Gogh, a Cézanne, a Degas. You can’t grow up in that environment and be indifferent to such beauty.My father never explained why he liked a particular painting, with one exception, which was a modern painting of a triangle. I asked him once, and he said, “There’s a great tension within this piece.” I left it at that.Why didn’t you collect paintings, too?As my elder brother, a keen tennis player, once said, “Just because you’re a keen tennis player doesn’t mean you want to step onto the court with Roger Federer.”Were you eager to mark yourself off from your father and grandfather?Yes, that’s right. I believe that you should collect what you love in life.I always had a great passion for ancient history, for Rome. Since I was a little boy, I collected coins. I happened to be in a hotel in Geneva once when there was a big Roman coin auction. I remember going to the viewing and seeing the most extraordinary examples of Roman coinage, and I got hooked. There was an open window in the market, where I was able to go in and buy the best pieces.I have hundreds and hundreds of coins. I do it the old-fashioned way: I write out cards with the descriptions and weights. The more coins you look at, the better you get. The difference between something that’s good and something that’s exceptional, you can only learn over time.Why open an antiquities gallery?As I was buying at auction about 10 years ago, there were some Greek pieces coming up that were exceptional. Antiquities is a strange area, because you’ve got maybe a dozen big collectors in the market. There was nobody trying to build up the world’s greatest collection of Greek antiquities.I bought these pieces and thought it would be great to open a gallery at the top end of the market for Greek antiquities.I was driven by my passion as a collector. I didn’t open this gallery as a business venture.But galleries are shutting down right, left and center?You’re absolutely right. If you have a gallery in New York, London or Geneva, it’s a very expensive proposition. Rents are sky high.A lot of antiquities dealers don’t have gallery premises and still make a good living. But they’re people who have established their reputations over decades and have particular skills: They’re great bronze experts, or vase experts. If you’re new to the game and trying to build up a brand, having a gallery is important.Where do you want to go with your own collection?I believe that private collectors should open their collections to the public and to the academic community. Otherwise, it becomes a selfish exercise.I have two pieces on loan to the Ashmolean Museum [in Oxford] at the moment.Obviously my intention in the long term would be to open a small museum somewhere, perhaps in London. That would be my endgame.WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif. — Fred Rosen, the retired Ticketmaster tycoon, was eating a melted ham-and-brie sandwich at the exclusive San Vicente Bungalows and spouting forth about belts.Yes, what people use to hold up their pants. You can buy one at Walmart for $4, he noted. Or you can get one at Gucci for $1,500. “Every product I can think of has a luxury version, which got me thinking,” Mr. Rosen said. “Why not movies?”It’s an idea that has captivated one entrepreneur after another over the years: For a high price, allow tech billionaires, Wall Street titans, professional athletes, Russian oligarchs and other ultra-wealthy people to rent movies — as soon as they come out in theaters — for viewing at home. Think of it like Netflix for one-percenters. But such upstarts have always sputtered, including one backed by Best Buy in 2013 that charged $500 per movie on top of $35,000 in setup costs. Film studios, fearful of angering theater chains, have been reluctant to participate. Piracy has also been a concern.Mr. Rosen, 75, and a septuagenarian golfing buddy, Dan Fellman, who is Hollywood’s foremost film distribution expert, may have finally figured out how to make it work. They have quietly founded Red Carpet Home Cinema, which rents first-run films for $1,500 to $3,000 each. Red Carpet has contracts with Warner Bros., Paramount, Lionsgate, Annapurna and Disney’s 20th Century Fox and Fox Searchlight divisions — resulting in some 40 movies annually, including blockbusters like “Aquaman” and “A Star Is Born.”Those partnerships reflect entertainment-industry relationships that Mr. Rosen and Mr. Fellman have cultivated over decades. Most studios do not see them as disrupters from Silicon Valley, something that has stalled start-ups like Screening Room, which has tried without success since 2016 to speed first-run movies to homes for a premium price. (Sean Parker of Napster and Facebook fame is behind that one.)Red Carpet also arrives at a time when the movie industry is undergoing sweeping change — not the least of which involves the manner in which Netflix is challenging the traditional way that films are released. For the most part, theater owners insist on a three-month period of exclusivity to play new films. Netflix has started to chip away at that practice, offering theaters an exclusive window of three weeks or less for films like “Roma” and “Bird Box.”Most studios see broader distribution change as inevitable, noted Harold L. Vogel, author of the textbook “Entertainment Industry Economics.”“Consumers want to have more control,” Mr. Vogel said.Even so, studios are treading carefully. None of the film companies that have signed on as Red Carpet partners would discuss the venture publicly. Several major movie operations, including Universal, Sony Pictures and Disney’s other labels, are Red Carpet holdouts. They also declined to comment.“I feel pretty comfortable that we can gain more studio partners,” Mr. Rosen said. “We are a niche offering — I’m too old for disruption — but even if a studio makes $25 million to $50 million annually from us, that’s found money.”Theater owners, in the meantime, seem to be taking a wait-and-see approach to Red Carpet.“I have no take on that,” said Adam Aron, chief executive of AMC Entertainment, the dominant theater chain in the United States. In contrast, Mr. Aron has readily criticized start-ups like MoviePass, the subscription ticketing service.The folksy Mr. Rosen, who took over Ticketmaster in 1982 and helped turn it into a goliath, and Mr. Fellman, who started his studio career in 1964, worked out details for Red Carpet over rounds of golf at the well-to-do Hillcrest Country Club in Los Angeles. The luxury service operates a bit like a private club. There is a rigorous application process, and participants must have a credit card with a limit of at least $50,000. Those who become customers must buy a $15,000 box that connects to a home theater system (installed by a technician) and comes loaded with piracy protections.Prices for rentals are set by the participating studios, with higher fees for blockbuster-style movies like “Shazam!” and lower costs for dramas like “The Shape of Water.” Each rental allows for two viewings in a 36-hour period.How big could Red Carpet get? There are more people who can afford it than you might think. Nearly 46,000 Americans have annual income of more than $2 million, according to Social Security Administration data from 2017. Mr. Rosen and Mr. Fellman, however, insisted over lunch in mid-March that they were not interested in size.“We’re not even looking for 10,000 people,” Mr. Rosen said. With fewer than 4,000 customers, Red Carpet could have $300 million in annual revenue, according to Mr. Fellman’s projections.Red Carpet, which counts Sherry Lansing, the former chief executive of Paramount, as an investor, has been operating in about 25 homes as part of a beta test since December. “I’m recommending the service to my friends,” the Red Carpet website quotes Ms. Lansing as saying.Mr. Fellman added: “I’m not interested in starting a business that is disruptive to the theatrical experience. Maybe we get 400 homes in New York and L.A. Maybe 100 in each of the 30 biggest cities in the United States.” (Celebrities and Hollywood big shots have long been able to see first-run films in their homes — free — as part of something known as the Bel-Air Circuit. Studios allow a limited number of preapproved V.I.P.s to “borrow” copies of new movies.)“We told studios, ‘You set the terms,’” Mr. Fellman said. “They appreciated that. What doesn’t work in Hollywood is going in and wagging a finger and saying, ‘This is how it’s going to be.’”“The Wild Pear Tree,” Nuri Bilge Ceylan’s latest film, shares its title with a manuscript written by its protagonist, a restless young man named Sinan. The book is a collection of short pieces, quasi- or semi-fictional but based in reality, touching on aspects of life in the part of western Turkey where Sinan (Aydin Dogu Demirkol) and his family live. Pitching the manuscript to a local government official he thinks might subsidize its publication, the author is at pains to describe it in resolutely anti-commercial terms. Though the area includes the battle sites of both Troy and Gallipoli, there is nothing of historical or touristic interest in the work. It’s defiantly cerebral — resistant to summary, classification and perhaps easy comprehension as well. Like the movie, more or less.Sinan, a recent university graduate with uncertain employment prospects, seems at once brazenly ambitious and stubbornly self-undermining. A big, graceless guy with a hint of Adam Sandler in his slack, stubbled face, he isn’t the most pleasant company. But Ceylan’s characters rarely are.Over eight features in more than 20 years, this director, a fixture at Cannes and other international festivals, has charted the isolation, anomie and passive-aggressive gloom of modern, mostly secular Turks. Their failure to connect with one another or the better parts of themselves can feel symptomatic of a larger malaise. Young or old, artists, farmers or entrepreneurs, they tend to be frustrated, adrift and confused, at once alienated from their society and unable to break free of it.Sinan shares that condition with his father, Idris (Murat Cemcir), a schoolteacher whose gambling habit has brought embarrassment and financial hardship to the family. Sinan’s mother, Asuman (Bennu Yildirimlar), wavers between disgust and resignation. When he’s not hanging out at the betting parlor or cadging small loans in the town of Çan, Idris spends his time in the rural village where he grew up and where his father and parents-in-law still live. His main pastime is working on an ill-advised well that yields no water but plenty of metaphorical juice.Futility is less the theme of “The Wild Pear Tree” than the soil from which its delicate narrative tendrils sprout. Nearly everyone seems thwarted, and they respond with resignation, dissipation or truculent and empty gestures of rebellion. That’s Sinan’s approach, and much of the film — the most absorbing scenes as well as the most abrasive — consists of his arguments, harangues and bull sessions with people who sometimes unwittingly become the target of his resentment.These include Hatice (Hazar Erguclu), the former girlfriend of a friend of Sinan’s he later goads into a fistfight; a prominent author Sinan buttonholes in a bookstore; and, at greatest length, a pair of clergymen he encounters near Idris’s ramshackle farmhouse. The content of these discourses is variously metaphysical, ethical, literary and romantic, but what makes them worth attending to is less what is said than the unspoken currents of meaning and feeling that Ceylan’s camera captures. Nothing much actually happens, but there is a restlessness, a tension that pushes nearly every moment toward an invisible precipice of violence.Sinan keeps a photograph of Albert Camus in his room. His encounter with the author takes place beneath poster-size likenesses of Franz Kafka and Gabriel García Márquez. Ceylan infuses the film with elements of absurdism and magic realism, sprinkling dream and fantasy sequences into the drab, naturalistic atmosphere. Sinan himself often resembles a Dostoyevsky character — a man whose aspirations outstrip his prospects and whose romantic temperament threatens to curdle into corrosive cynicism. His relationship with Idris has overtones of Arthur Miller. And as so often with Ceylan — most notably in his early “Clouds of May” and his Palme d’Or-winning “Winter Sleep” — there is a heavy dose of Chekhov.The unapologetic, sometimes heavy-handed literariness of “The Wild Pear Tree” is leavened by hints of grim comedy and sharp, if subtle, social criticism. While the film and its characters avoid explicit political commentary, the world they inhabit is one that has been corrupted by money, power and self-dealing. Other sources of value — religious, artistic, democratic — have been hollowed out and cannibalized by greed. There are few teaching jobs available for Sinan, but plenty of opportunities with the army and the police, fighting “in the east” or beating up leftists closer to home.Idris, pathetic as his addiction has made him, has a certain integrity: To be a committed loser when everyone around you is obsessed with winning might count as a form of resistance. Making — and paying attention to — slow, difficult, idea-laden movies might be another.An attractive woman behind the wheel of a gray car says to the camera, “These days anyone can have a side hustle.” She then whisks off to the gym, for her other job as a personal trainer, beaming as she goes from one gig to another. This ad for the ride-share company Uber seeks to entice new drivers to join their ranks by using the “side hustle” come-on. The company isn’t alone. Similarly laborious “side hustles” are celebrated in popular media and advertising, from self-help articles and other web content that exhort us to, say, work for a design studio part-time or sell CBD oil (great as a side hustle for moms, supposedly). Even pastors can use a side hustle, according to one evangelical blogger. During tax season, you will also find filing suggestions for side hustlers. (Report all of your income! Deduct expenses!)The truth is, working multiple gigs creates complications when you do your taxes. Compared with those with salaried jobs, who pay their taxes seamlessly through withholding, for side hustlers “the process will be a lot messier,” according to Steven Dean, the faculty director of the Graduate Tax Program at New York University Law School. You have to estimate and pay taxes on your own, he notes, and your expenses may not be reimbursed by your employer. In other words, paying quarterly tax estimates gives workers with side hustles yet another side hustle — being their own accountant, although this gig doesn’t even pay.Nevertheless, this nouveau moonlighting continues to be exalted ­as cool, empowering or freeing. This mantra is false: Side hustles are not simply a new version of working as a “wage slave” so that we can do what we love in our off hours. Instead, far more often, people take on second or third side hustles because of wage stagnation or low pay at their full-time jobs. Over the past few years, I have interviewed dozens of people who work a full-time job or close to it — teachers, professors, administrators and nurses, among others — and supplement their incomes by driving for Lyft or serving as a barista. They are not doing it for the glamour. They need these second jobs because their first jobs don’t cover astronomically rising rents, record health care costs or swelling college tuition. A full 30 percent of Americans do something else for pay in addition to their full-time jobs, according to an NPR/Marist survey last year.Yet this sales pitch for the “side hustle” takes what we once called, more drably, another job and gives it a gloss, with a tiny shot of Superfly, disguising unstable working hours and a lack of bargaining power as liberation. You can see the twisted alchemy of what Reddit’s founder Alexis Ohanian has called “hustle porn.”Commercial websites like Side Hustle Nation extol the joy of the new unstable labor, although its payoff actually arrives for only a few. As Nick Loper, the site’s “chief side hustler” writes, “My escape route was a side hustle business I built in my spare time — and you can do it too.” Medium has a whole Side Hustle publication. It bears the legend “You’re more than your day job.”This language tries to make the dreary carousel of contemporary life sound more fun. “The phrase the ‘side hustle’ has gained a strange kind of prestige from downwardly mobile, college-educated tech workers,” said John Patrick Leary, the author of “Keywords: The New Language of Capitalism,” a sharp recent book on this troubling new lingo. Its glitz and energy derives from “a hip-hop genealogy,” although the side hustles name-checked in that genre are perhaps not the same as those imagined by Uber.The “side hustle” is one of a growing roster of trendy corporatized idioms, like ordinary household appliances that are now “smart” or plain vanilla businessmen and women remade into the more exotic “entrepreneurs.” Our jobs are now “flexible,” although we are the ones contorting ourselves to work at all hours, or we are professionally “nimble” because we are trying to survive on freelance gigs. Ultimately, like so much of this lexicon, the “side hustle” describes the overworked outsiders to privilege, who are forced into informal vocations by the absence of a legitimate economy. They are then told that suffering is valiant and also groovy. In a recent viral BuzzFeed piece describing millennials as the “burnout generation,” side hustles are listed as one of the main culprits.There are some surprising benefits to side hustles. The 2017 tax reform introduced the qualified business income deduction, which provides side hustling workers with a rate reduction. But some people may not understand it, and this small benefit doesn’t make up for an uncertain work life. So what can we do? For starters, anyone writing about work, whether as a journalist or as a social media exhibitionist, should stop glorifying long hours at work or juggling multiple workplace identities. Instead, we could be more open about what all these “side hustles” are really doing to our minds and bodies.As workers, we might acknowledge that “side hustle” is an insidious term and resolve never to use it again. More broadly, we must fight other forms of this falsifying new jargon and seek out more truthful language. We could follow Raymond Williams, the cultural theorist, who once wrote that we should interrogate the language of contemporary society and “change as we find it necessary to change it, as we go on making our own language and history.” Most important, we can agitate to raise wages. If we do that, we won’t need cute euphemisms to cloak the chaotic truth of working life in today’s America.Alissa Quart, executive director of the Economic Hardship Reporting Project, is the author of “Squeezed: Why Our Families Can’t Afford America.”The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.On the second floor of a stately brick building across the street from the Gowanus Canal, an electrical wire dangled over a dusty desk on a recent Monday afternoon, and the sounds of light construction drifted through an open doorway. Until last year, this rather remote building had been home to Retrofret, a niche guitar repair shop.But now it was just weeks away from becoming Public Records, a state-of-the-art music venue and watering hole that hopes to become a beacon for a neighborhood in flux.The club’s three youngish partners — Francis Harris, Shane Davis and Erik VanderWal — sat around the desk along with the saxophonist Rob Reddy, who will be booking an ongoing weekly jazz series there, and explained their idea. During the day, Public Records will serve as a vegan cafe, and at night as a bar. On weekends and many weeknights, the back room will host concerts. The audio systems throughout the space will be profoundly high-fidelity, and at the bar a different record collector will spin vinyl each evening.“We want to be a community-based performance space that supports avant-garde or experimental music, while at the same time feels like a neighborhood spot,” said Mr. Harris, the member of the triumvirate in charge of all things musical.Public Records is perched at the northern tip of Gowanus, a postindustrial neighborhood of warehouses and former factories along the edge of the East River, hidden away between the tonier Park Slope and Carroll Gardens. Gowanus has long been hospitable to small manufacturing businesses and artists seeking affordable studio space, but it tends to clear out at night. Club owners prize the cheap rent, but often have trouble drawing a crowd for gigs.“There’s not a built-in audience. You have to bring your own crowd,” said the trombonist and pianist Brian Drye, who runs iBeam, a cooperative studio and performance space about 10 blocks south of Public Records. “Generally what works best here is music that has smaller audiences, and requires an attentive listening crowd.”Still, a small syndicate of offbeat stages has sprouted up across the neighborhood in the last decade, helping to fill a vacuum left by the disappearance of experimental music clubs in the Lower East Side and the East Village. (Tonic and Fez closed in the early 2000s, and the Knitting Factory eventually decamped to a smaller space in Williamsburg. The Stone left last year to be absorbed into the New School.)iBeam is run by the roughly two-dozen musicians who use it to rehearse and teach. Mr. Drye started the club 11 years ago when an adult student offered to rent him an empty space that he owned on Seventh Street, just a half block off the canal. (A similar institution, the Douglas Street Music Collective, also run by jazz musicians, sprang up soon after but eventually closed down.) On weekday evenings, members of the iBeam cooperative present their own music there; on weekends, Drye books other acts — typically a mix of outré improvisers and young composers looking to showcase new work.In 2012, the bassist Matthew Garrison and the entrepreneur Fortuna Sung opened ShapeShifter Lab around the corner from iBeam. It was founded as a music club, but attendance was not strong enough for it to survive on shows alone. So Ms. Sung and Mr. Garrison have turned it into a flexible event space and recording studio. As the neighborhood around it has gradually grown more residential, it has begun to host weddings, bar mitzvahs and student recitals as well as regular concerts: “Shape-shifting with the hood,” Mr. Garrison said in a recent interview.The shifts have been slow, partly thanks to zoning laws, which have warded off rapid real-estate development while keeping the area friendly to the small businesses that use it for storage and light manufacturing. As a result, while many artists have work spaces in Gowanus, few actually live there.But with Public Records open, the area may start to have more of a nighttime ecosystem. In nearby Red Hook, Pioneer Works has become one of New York’s essential multi-arts spaces, and in Park Slope, just three avenues over from iBeam, Barbés is one of Brooklyn’s most creatively curated pint-size music rooms.Public Records will have a different feel from all these places. Its team is devoted to craft comforts: The space has high-flown ceilings and elegant, exposed concrete. Walls are lined with wood panels to help improve the acoustics. The food will all come from Henry Rich, the local restaurateur behind Rucola, who will run a commissary kitchen in the building.And the team is also devoted to flexibility. Mr. Harris imagines that Mr. Reddy’s Wednesday-night jazz series — which will be in the barroom, rather than the back — might open the door to more spontaneous musical happenings throughout the week. “Our hopes were to create an environment where great players can drop in and do a set,” Mr. Harris said.Public Records’ early bookings for performances in the main space include Damo Suzuki, the Japanese musician known for his stint singing with Can; the ambient-music giant Laraaji; and the minimalist techno artist Jan Jelinek. It isn’t a rock room or a dance hall, and it’s not a jazz club. You could think of Public Records as a kind of genre-agnostic music festival in residence (like Big Ears in Brooklyn), or as a contemporary expansion on what Tokyo’s jazz record-spinning cafes used to be. It’s a little bit of both.“I come from a jazz and creative-music background, and I’ve seen a lot of venues come and go really quickly,” Mr. Reddy said. He remembered that the Knitting Factory in particular had felt like “a home base where you could go any night of the week and hang,” and said that he senses “a real hunger” for something similar again today: something as reliable as it is eclectic.“I wanted to be conscious of programming artists of different ages, different genders and different races,” he said, listing some of the jazz musicians that he’s already lined up to perform: James Brandon Lewis, Patricia Brennan, Adam O’Farrill. “I wanted it to be inclusive — as inclusive as I could.”Michael S. Meldman, 60, wasn’t a golfer when he founded Discovery Land Company in 1994, a real estate business based in Scottsdale, Ariz., that has developed 25 private high-end golf communities in North America and the Caribbean.“Master-planned communities and golf were hugely popular and the premium drivers in real estate,’’ he said, “and I saw an opportunity, even though I hadn’t ever really played golf. In fact, I only started playing seriously five years ago.”Today, Mr. Meldman’s luxurious communities with members-only golf clubs — Baker’s Bay in the Bahamas, Yellowstone Club in Big Sky, Mont., and Silo Ridge in Amenia, N.Y., among them — range from 450 acres to 14,000 acres, or about 180 hectares to 5,700 hectares, and have homes that command prices from $3 million to $80 million.The communities stand out for amenities that rival five-star destination resorts, with golf courses designed by Tom Fazio and Jack Nicklaus, restaurants with top-quality farm-to-table cuisine and an extensive range of wellness-themed activities. And let’s not forget the Casamigos Tequila bar at each resort. (Mr. Meldman founded the brand with the entrepreneur Rande Gerber and the actor George Clooney.)Below are excerpts from a recent interview with Mr. Meldman.Tell me about your vision for Discovery Land Company.People were very interested in golf and master-planned communities, and my idea was to create a luxury concept that combined both. I wanted to find great pieces of land and build around the natural landscapes so that the communities looked like they belonged there, not like standard developments. They are all built to be sprawling with plenty of space between the homes and have lots of green space. And they all incorporate a lot of natural stone.Although the communities are in different locations, what characteristics do they share?They all have golf, of course. They’re all gated and have guards, clubhouses with great gyms and spas and fantastic restaurants. They’re also very family-friendly and casual. I think that a lot of golf clubs can be intimidating, but at ours, you can play barefoot in board shorts. And, we have two to three comfort stations on all the golf courses, which are basically mini-restaurants that serve everything from candy bars to foie gras to warm pretzels.In each resort, we hire locals to teach residents about the outdoor activities in the area. At Iron Horse in Whitefish, Mont., for example, you can go fly fishing. At Makena, in Maui, you can go deep sea fishing, scuba diving and snorkeling. And in most of our oceanside locations, kids can release baby turtles into the ocean. My idea is that the people who live in my communities should embrace the areas that they’re in.How do you choose your locations?I seek out places where there is a good amount of land and where zoning allows us to build homes and a golf course. Also, there has to be enough to do in the area besides golf. In Silo Ridge, for example, in the Hudson Valley, which is the newest community, the horseback riding, hunting, mountain biking and hiking are all excellent.If you had to give one piece of advice for someone looking to buy a home in a golf community what would it be?Make sure that the developer has a track record of success and is going to commit to the vision of what they initially present.What are the most important features to get right when designing golf community homes?These days, I think they should have a more contemporary aesthetic as opposed to traditional, which was the norm when I started Discovery. They should have big windows that take advantage of the views, ideally of the golf course, and have spacious indoor and outdoor areas where families and friends can gather and spend time together like a nice-sized patio, a family room with comfortable, oversized couches and a dining room with a table that accommodates large groups. It’s also great to have an open-plan home where the kitchen and family room are one big room, since these are the two areas where everyone tends to spend the most time. And the homes shouldn’t be too close to each other so that everyone has enough privacy.In your opinion, how have golf communities changed over the last decade?They’ve gone from golf being the only consideration to being simply one of many drivers. There is now a greater emphasis on cuisine, the nongolf outdoor pursuits and activities, the family-friendliness and the safety concerns addressed by being in a gated community.In a great golf community, there has to be something that’s appealing to each family member. We have a lot of people living in our communities who don’t golf. They’re attracted to the other things Discovery clubs offer.Also, the demographic skews much younger. In the past, golf clubs attracted a lot of retirees, but now, there are a lot of people in their mid-30s to mid-40s enjoying them with their families that include young children.Are golf community residents different than your usual homeowner?I think that they’re inherently more social. They’re looking to connect with other people on a regular basis and love the idea of a sense of community. I’m not saying other homeowners are antisocial, but they may not care as much about the social offerings and accessibility to the lineup of activities.In Dalston, a dynamic pocket of East London, an edgy arts scene blooms amid repurposed factories, side streets sprinkled with tiny shops, tucked-away public gardens and colorful outdoor markets catering to longtime Afro-Caribbean and Turkish communities. Cool kids and chess-playing old-timers commune over thick Ethiopian espresso at Kaffa Coffee, a neighborhood institution. Fashion statements abound: Men in cropped shirts and voluminous trousers. Women tattooed and accessorized to the nines. And inventively clad millennials, more than a few affiliated with the designer ateliers headquartered here. Indie artists are a buzzy fixture in Dalston, flowing in and out of a D.J. booth run by NTS, the influential internet radio station on lively Gillett Square.1. Hang-Up GalleryThis 10-year-old gallery’s calling card is provocative artwork by the likes of Oddly Head, Nina Saunders, David Shrigley, Harland Miller and Banksy. (There is a dedicated downstairs “bunker” devoted to the elusive street artist.) In the evenings, compelling events have involved the unveiling of hip-hop icon Run-DMC’s Darryl McDaniels’s comic art (along with an intimate performance) and a collaboration between The Connor Brothers and Nadya Tolokonnikova of feminist punk rock group Pussy Riot in support of refugees.81 Stoke Newington Road; hanguppictures.com2. LN-CCDown an unmarked stairwell off the main drag of Stoke Newington Road, you’ll find LN-CC (which stands for Late Night Chameleon Café, even though it’s not a cafe). The eight-year-old spot is a high-concept, subterranean boutique with six “lifestyle” rooms interconnected by a glowing, 40-foot-long cylindric wooden tunnel. Recognizable brands (Gucci, Rick Owens, Raf Simons) are mixed with niche ones: Veja sneakers, Venczel handbags and GmbH, a clubby men’s wear brand. The library room is stocked with esoteric books and vinyl, while a back bar and club space is used for fashion events, yoga classes and frequent “music listening” parties in a neighborhood that is home to many record labels.The Basement, 18-24 Shacklewell Lane; ln-cc.com/en/storelocator/storelocator.html3. Brunswick EastOn the ground floor of a warehouse turned creative work space, this airy cafe offers playful takes on brunch dishes — chili-poached eggs, cauliflower toast drizzled with toasted sunflower tahini, smashed avocado garnished with edible flowers, lattes with housemade nut milks. The industrial particleboard walls, table legs fashioned of rebar and plants suspended by commercial steel cable (plus repurposed Victorian pub lighting) lends to the D.I.Y. charm of this three-year-old spot. A ceramics project space sells wares from a collective of local potters.Unit 3D, Stamford Works, Gillett Street; brunswickeast.london4. Bootstrap CompanySince 1978, Bootstrap, a charitable social enterprise, has used its converted factory space as a community gathering spot and to launch entrepreneurs ranging from tech start-ups and musicians to fashion brands. Its gallery showcases emerging artists, while the public roof deck in warmer months offers film screenings and cultural events, including pop-up food stalls. Bootstrap’s other draw is a four-year-old incubator space (adjacent to the main building) called The Bootyard, with tricked-out shipping containers serving as production facilities for a microbrewery, a coffee liqueur company and the Dusty Knuckle Bakery, which serves housemade pastries and sandwiches.18 Ashwin Street; bootstrapcharity.com5. Pelican and ParrotsIn this resale shop, which opened nine years ago, the owners, Ochuko Ojiri and Juliet Da Silva source eye-catching (and reasonably priced) vintage clothing and decorative objects. Gucci and Versace print tops, Moschino biker jackets and retro dresses from lesser-known Italian brands line the perimeter of the room. In the main space, you’ll find midcentury furniture and bric-a-brac — namely, Victorian cloche jars, African feathered headdresses and ‘60s-inspired ceramics. Head upstairs for pieces from obscure labels: leather-fringed tops, straw hats, scarves, jeans, swimsuits and other accouterments for the budget-conscious.40 Stoke Newington Road; pelicansandparrots.comFollow NY Times Travel on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook. Get weekly updates from our Travel Dispatch newsletter, with tips on traveling smarter, destination coverage and photos from all over the world.America invented progressive taxation. And there was a time when leading American politicians were proud to proclaim their willingness to tax the wealthy, not just to raise revenue, but to limit excessive concentration of economic power.“It is important,” said Theodore Roosevelt in 1906, “to grapple with the problems connected with the amassing of enormous fortunes” — some of them, he declared, “swollen beyond all healthy limits.”Today we are once again living in an era of extraordinary wealth concentrated in the hands of a few people, with the net worth of the wealthiest 0.1 percent of Americans almost equal to that of the bottom 90 percent combined. And this concentration of wealth is growing; as Thomas Piketty famously argued in his book “Capital in the 21st Century,” we seem to be heading toward a society dominated by vast, often inherited fortunes.So can today’s politicians rise to the challenge? Well, Elizabeth Warren has released an impressive proposal for taxing extreme wealth. And whether or not she herself becomes the Democratic nominee for president, it says good things about her party that something this smart and daring is even part of the discussion.The Warren proposal would impose a 2 percent annual tax on an individual household’s net worth in excess of $50 million, and an additional 1 percent on wealth in excess of $1 billion. The proposal was released along with an analysis by Emmanuel Saez and Gabriel Zucman of Berkeley, two of the world’s leading experts on inequality.Saez and Zucman found that this tax would affect only a small number of very wealthy people — around 75,000 households. But because these households are so wealthy, it would raise a lot of revenue, around $2.75 trillion over the next decade.Make no mistake: This is a pretty radical plan.I asked Saez how much it would raise the share of income (as opposed to wealth) that the economic elite pays in taxes. His estimate was that it would raise the average tax rate on the top 0.1 percent to 48 percent from 36 percent, and bring the average tax on the top 0.01 percent up to 57 percent. Those are high numbers, although they’re roughly comparable to average tax rates in the 1950s.Would such a plan be feasible? Wouldn’t the rich just find ways around it? Saez and Zucman argue, based on evidence from Denmark and Sweden, both of which used to have significant wealth taxes, that it wouldn’t lead to large-scale evasion if the tax applied to all assets and was adequately enforced.Wouldn’t it hurt incentives? Probably not much. Think about it: How much would entrepreneurs be deterred by the prospect that, if their big ideas pan out, they’d have to pay additional taxes on their second $50 million?It’s true that the Warren plan would limit the ability of the already incredibly wealthy to make their fortunes even bigger, and pass them on to their heirs. But slowing or reversing our drift toward a society ruled by oligarchic dynasties is a feature, not a bug.And I’ve been struck by the reactions of tax experts like Lily Batchelder and David Kamin; while they don’t necessarily endorse the Warren plan, they clearly see it as serious and worthy of consideration. It is, writes Kamin, “addressed at a real problem” and “goes big as it should.” Warren, says The Times, has been “nerding out”; well, the nerds are impressed.But do ideas this bold stand a chance in 21st-century American politics? The usual suspects are, of course, already comparing Warren to Nicolás Maduro or even Joseph Stalin, despite her actually being more like Teddy Roosevelt or, for that matter, Dwight Eisenhower. More important, my sense is that a lot of conventional political wisdom still assumes that proposals to sharply raise taxes on the wealthy are too left-wing for American voters.But public opinion surveys show overwhelming support for raising taxes on the rich. One recent poll even found that 45 percent of self-identified Republicans support Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s suggestion of a top rate of 70 percent.By the way, polls also show overwhelming public support for increasing, not cutting, spending on Medicare and Social Security. Strange to say, however, we rarely hear politicians who demand “entitlement reform” dismissed as too right-wing to be taken seriously.And it’s not just polls suggesting that a bold assault on economic inequality might be politically viable. Political scientists studying the behavior of billionaires find that while many of them push for lower taxes, they do so more or less in secret, presumably because they realize just how unpopular their position really is. This “stealth politics” is, by the way, one reason billionaires can seem much more liberal than they actually are — only the handful of liberals among them speak out in public.The bottom line is that there may be far more scope for a bold progressive agenda than is dreamed of in most political punditry. And Elizabeth Warren has just taken an important step on that agenda, pushing her party to go big. Let’s hope her rivals — some of whom are also quite impressive — follow her lead.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Passion can be an energizing, fulfilling force, the stuff upon which businesses are built, works of art are created and Olympic medals are won. However, if you’re not careful, passion can become an equally destructive curse, leading to suffering and distress. Understanding how this happens — and how you can prevent it — is integral to mental well-being and living productively with passion.We don’t celebrate stories of passion gone awry, but look closely and they’re all around. It usually goes something like this: You start an activity and develop a love for it, so you do it more often. Over time you improve and begin to experience positive results. You receive praise, recognition and rewards. Subtly, maybe without even realizing it, you start to become more passionate about the external validation you gain from doing the activity than the activity itself.Psychologists distinguish between these two sides of passion, what they call harmonious passion versus obsessive passion. In harmonious passion, you are absorbed in an activity because you love how the activity itself makes you feel. A harmoniously passionate writer writes because he or she loves the craft. In obsessive passion, you are hooked on an activity because of external rewards and recognition. An obsessively passionate writer writes because he or she wants to boast about published stories and attain best-seller status.Research shows that obsessive passion is associated with burnout, anxiety, depression and unethical conduct. One reason for this is that people who are obsessively passionate tie their self-worth to outcomes that are often outside their control. Being passionate about — or, perhaps better put, a slave to — the achievement of an external result that you cannot control creates a volatile and fragile sense of self. The consequences are often disastrous.Jeff Skilling, of Enron, and Elizabeth Holmes, of Theranos, oversaw two of the biggest corporate frauds in recent American history. Before the scandal-ridden downfalls of their companies, both were widely celebrated for their passion and obsessive drive, something Ms. Holmes said was a most important asset. Alex Rodriguez and Lance Armstrong, two of the most notorious cheaters in sports, were also two of the most passionate competitors. When asked by Forbes for his top three pieces of career advice, No. 1 on Rodriguez’s list was “find your passion.” What all of these individuals have in common is that their passions went awry because of an incessant focus on results, results, results. When the results weren’t meeting their exceedingly high expectations, they turned to unethical behavior to close the gap.Even if you experience legitimate success, as each of these entrepreneurs and sports heroes initially did, if the success is the outcome of obsessive passion — fueled by a longing for external results, recognition and rewards — trouble lies ahead. That’s because people typically crave more. More money. More fame. More medals. More followers. Once you become passionate about external validation, dopamine, the neurochemical associated with striving and addiction, floods your system and makes it nearly impossible for you to feel content. You get sucked into a vicious cycle of striving, your well-being at the whims of your most recent result. Long before psychologists defined obsessive passion, the Buddha called this suffering.Unless you have the perfect genetics, vast mental training or years of spiritual guidance, completely disregarding external results isn’t realistic. Every athlete gets a jolt from winning. Every writer feels good when books sell. Every salesperson loves closing a deal. Even Facebook and Twitter users get a slight tingle upon receiving a new friend, follower or “like.” The key is to recognize these emotions when they arise and to keep them at bay, to prevent them from becoming the predominant forces underlying your passion.When you sit down to write, sit down to write, not to sell books. When you show up to work, show up to make a meaningful contribution, not to get promoted or earn bonuses. When you train and compete, do so to get better, to master your body, not to win awards or improve in the rankings. When you love — be it a partner or a child — do so to nurture a special relationship between yourself and the object of your affection, not because you want to chronicle your relationship on social media for all to see. In other words, your passion should not come from the outside. It should come from within.This kind of passion, the harmonious kind, is associated with health, happiness and overall life satisfaction. Harmonious passion doesn’t happen automatically, especially in today’s hyper-connected, comparison-oriented culture. Rather, it requires viewing passion as an ongoing practice, as a force that must be handled with care.A few linchpins of this practice can be particularly helpful:Don’t judge yourself against others. Judge yourself against prior versions of yourself and the effort you are exerting in the present moment.Practice the 24-hour rule. After a big achievement or a tough failure, give yourself 24 hours to celebrate the success or grieve the defeat, but then get back to work. Doing the work has a special way of putting both success and failure in their respective places. Focus on process over outcomes. Evaluate yourself not on whether you accomplish an external end-goal but rather on how well you execute the process of going for it. Results make up only a small fraction of life. The vast majority of life is the process.Embrace acute failure for chronic gains. If you take the long view and focus on a lifetime of progress instead of point-in-time results, then failure shifts from being something terrible to a source of rich information and an opportunity to grow.Regularly reflect on your overarching purpose. Thinking about why you got started with your passion in the first place helps keep intrinsic motivation at the forefront of your pursuit.Put simply: Passion can be a gift or a curse. The good news is that the form it takes is largely up to you.Brad Stulberg (@Bstulberg) writes and coaches on health and human performance. He is the co-author of the new book, “The Passion Paradox: A Guide to Going All-In, Finding Success, and Discovering the Benefits of an Unbalanced Life.”Good morning.(Here’s the sign-up, if you don’t already get California Today in your inbox.)With an aging population and declining birthrates, the country is far from “full,” as President Trump has claimed. And yet, our immigration system has been pummeled by record numbers of migrant families flooding the border.The administration has pushed to make it much tougher for those seeking asylum to win protection in the United States. And yet, the federal government wants to issue more visas to foreign workers in fields like landscaping and housekeeping.Now, as my colleagues reported from San Ysidro, the immigration system may actually be reaching a breaking point.Here are the top takeaways:The situation isn’t new.Experts have been warning for years that the immigration system was heading for a major failure, as trends shifted. Instead of a migrant population of mostly young men crossing the border in search of temporary work, it’s been largely families since 2014.That has placed more strain on systems meant to aid children and others who say they’re fleeing from violence.And while members of both political parties have called for overhauls over the years, none have been successful.[Read the full story here.]The people coming to the U.S. are coming for different reasons.That shift from men seeking work to families seeking refuge has taken place alongside other changes in the population of migrants crossing the border.Many more are seeking asylum than in years past, which means they say they’re fleeing their home countries — increasingly in Central America, rather than Mexico — over fears for their safety.One of the biggest pressure points is a backlog in immigration courts.The influx of migrants means immigration courts have been flooded with cases, which can drag out for years.Immigration courts now have more than 800,000 pending cases. They take an average of 700 days to process.[Read about another difficulty in backlogged immigration courts: the lack of interpreters who speak indigenous languages.]The president’s efforts at deterrence aren’t working.The Trump administration has tried a series of strategies to communicate that migrants aren’t welcome, including prosecuting everyone who crosses illegally and taking their children from them.Most recently, the administration implemented a policy of forcing those seeking asylum to stay in Mexico while their cases are resolved, but that was blocked by a California judge.None of those efforts have worked; the president’s talk about shutting down all immigration — legal and illegal — has actually spurred smugglers to advertise by claiming that now is the time to try to enter the United States.[Want to read more about the border each week? Read Crossing the Border, a limited-run newsletter. Sign up here to receive the next issue in your inbox.]Coming Up Today(We often link to sites that limit access for nonsubscribers. We appreciate your reading Times stories, but we’d also encourage you to support local news if you can.)A celebration of Nipsey Hussle’s life will be held this morning at Staples Center. It will be followed by a 25-mile funeral procession through the L.A. neighborhoods where he grew up. BET will broadcast and stream the memorial. Don’t know much about the rapper and community advocate? Catch up with these stories, and follow our reporters live for coverage here.• After Nipsey Hussle was shot dead in broad daylight, there was an outpouring of grief in the South Los Angeles neighborhood where he grew up and made his life’s work as both a rapper and an entrepreneur. [The New York Times]• A prime example of the way he operated in the community? The time he teamed up with Fatburger. [The New York Times]• As an artist, Nipsey Hussle was part of an ascendant group of rappers who kept close to their roots — and enjoyed a passionate hometown following as a result. For Hussle, though, the commitment came with a tragic price. [The New York Times]• This interactive explores how the rapper saw Slauson Avenue. [The Los Angeles Times]Here’s what else we’re following• Senator Kamala Harris “speaks like a woman who knows that facts are ammunition. Everything you say can and will be used against you.” She’s still taking her shot. [The Atlantic]• Lori Loughlin and Felicity Huffman were the two highest profile parents charged in the college admission fraud investigation. Their paths have diverged significantly since the bombshell announcement that they were among the accused. [The New York Times]• California has some of the strictest vaccination laws in the country. But doctors have broad authority to grant medical exemptions — and some are wielding that power for cash. [California Healthline]• Wednesday was Dolores Huerta Day. Here’s how the labor leader who’s spent most of her life in Kern County is honored around the country. [The Bakersfield Californian]• “It is wonderful to see the nearly circular shadow of the black hole. There can be no doubt this really is a black hole at the center of M87, with no signs of deviations from general relativity,” said Kip Thorne, a Nobel Prize-winning astrophysicist at Caltech. [The New York Times]• Craft beer is catching on in South Korea. Here’s why Booth Brewing, a Korean beer maker that’s on the cutting edge of the trend, is actually making most of its product in Eureka. [NPR]And Finally …If you hung out at the mall in the mid-2000s, you had basically one way to signal that you weren’t just an average teenage girl browsing for pastel baby Ts or boot cut jeans.That was to head to Hot Topic, where black was the color and infinity was the number (of rubber bracelets). The chain, which opened its first store in Montclair in 1989, felt like a true product of its pre-retail-apocalypse time.So it was a pleasant surprise to see this story, from The Times’s Style section, about how Hot Topic has managed to stay hot: by expanding its vision of fandom beyond cultural phenomena that could be neatly categorized as punk, goth or emo.Today, Ed Labay, the chain’s vice president of merchandise, likened the store’s layout to the inside of “a teen’s mind,” or a social media feed.California Today goes live at 6:30 a.m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com. Were you forwarded this email? Sign up for California Today here.Jill Cowan grew up in Orange County, went to school at U.C. Berkeley and has reported all over the state, including the Bay Area, Bakersfield and Los Angeles — but she always wants to see more. Follow along here or on Twitter, @jillcowan.California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C. Berkeley.Brian Garfield, a prolific suspense author best known for his novel “Death Wish,” which became one of Hollywood’s longest-running film franchises, died on Dec. 29 at his home in Pasadena. He was 79.His wife, Bina Garfield, said the cause was complications of Parkinson’s disease.A distant relation of Mark Twain’s, Mr. Garfield wrote more than 70 books, which have sold more than 20 million copies worldwide. Most were westerns, mystery novels and nonfiction. More than 19 movies were based on his writings.ImageMr. Garfield in an undated photo. His protagonist in “Death Sentence,” a follow-up to “Death Wish,” does not shoot to kill. “Any idiot can kill people,” the character says, “and you can’t teach someone a lesson by killing him.”CreditBina GarfieldBy far the best known was “Death Wish” (1972), a novel about a classic bleeding-heart liberal New Yorker whose wife and daughter are attacked by muggers; his wife is killed and his daughter is left in a vegetative state. He then becomes a vigilante hellbent on vengeance. Mr. Garfield said his aim was to show “an ordinary guy who descends into madness.”A feature film based on the novel and starring Charles Bronson was made in 1974; it spawned a series of four other “Death Wish” films, all starring Mr. Bronson but not called sequels for copyright reasons. A remake of the original, starring Bruce Willis, was released in 2018.The first film was a hit at the box office but divided the critics, some of whom found the premise repulsive and irresponsible. Vincent Canby, writing in The New York Times, said: “For short‐term fun, it exploits very real fears and social problems and suggests simple‐minded remedies by waving the American flag much in the fashion that former Vice President Agnew used to do.”Mr. Garfield, who himself was unhappy with the film portrayals, wrote a follow-up novel to “Death Wish” called “Death Sentence” (1975), which he called his “penance” for the violence in “Death Wish.” His “Death Sentence” protagonist, who does not shoot to kill, notes: “Any idiot can kill people — and you can’t teach someone a lesson by killing him.”Mr. Garfield was rarely involved in the film adaptations of his books, deliberately extricating himself from a process he found distasteful even though it meant giving up control. (His 1975 novel “Hopscotch,” which won an Edgar Award, was an exception: He adapted it into a comedy starring Walter Matthau in 1980.)ImageMr. Garfield’s “Death Wish” was the best known of his more than 70 books.“I’m not really patient enough to put up with that, and I learned that the credit ‘associate producer’ means you’re the only person who’s willing to associate with the producer,” he said in an interview with the website PopMatters in 2008.“I prefer writing books, because a book belongs to its writer,” he added. “And nobody has the power to tell me how to fix it.”Brian Francis Wynne Garfield was born on Jan. 26, 1939, in Manhattan. His mother, Frances (O’Brien) Garfield, an artist, was a protégé of Georgia O’Keeffe, and it was O’Keeffe who introduced Ms. O’Brien to her future husband, George Garfield, an entrepreneur.His mother painted covers for The Saturday Review of Books and frequently had writers and artists around the house, so her son grew up comfortable in that milieu. He wrote his first book, “Range Justice,” a western, when he was 18.Brian had asthma, and the family moved to Arizona to ease the condition. He graduated from Southern Arizona School for Boys in Tucson before receiving his bachelor’s and master’s degrees, both in English, from the University of Arizona.Mr. Garfield played the guitar and in the late 1950s toured the country with a band called “The Palisades,” which had a doo-wop hit called “I Can’t Quit.” He also served in the Army and the Army Reserves from 1957 to 1965.He was married and divorced twice. He is survived by his third wife, Bina, whom he married in 1985.Mr. Garfield enjoyed almost all forms of writing, ranging from “The Thousand-Mile War: World War II in Alaska and the Aleutians” (1969), a nonfiction account of Alaska’s so-called “forgotten war,” to a musical comedy TV movie, “Legs” (1983), about the Rockettes. He did not favor one genre over any other.In testament to his versatility, his literary agent, Judy Coppage, said in a telephone interview, Mr. Garfield was the only person to have served as president of both the Western Writers of America and the Mystery Writers of America.Mr. Garfield was also a speedy writer. He said he dashed off “Death Wish” in two weeks, prompting his friends to ask, “What took you so long?”More than 10 candidates have announced a bid for the presidency. Often, politicians release books pegged to their announcements to drive interest and give voters a chance to get to know them. Here is a complete guide to those books. (The list will be updated as announcements continue.)Senator Bernie Sanders, Independent of Vermont“Where We Go From Here: Two Years in the Resistance” (2018)In this book, Sanders covers the two years since he last ran for president in 2016. The chapters are dated like diary entries, and in them Sanders lays out his policy positions and describes his travels across the country, advancing his progressive platform.Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota“The Senator Next Door: A Memoir from the Heartland” (2015)The underlying theme of Klobuchar’s memoir is civility or, in her words, being able to “disagree without being disagreeable.” She traces her upbringing and rise in politics, all the while arguing that strategic alliances are crucial to solving the nation’s problems.Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts“This Fight Is Our Fight: The Battle to Save America’s Middle Class” (2017)Our reviewer calls Warren’s argument in this book “enlightened populism” — one vision of how the Democratic Party can lead after the 2016 presidential election upset. A former special adviser to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under Obama, she calls for “restored financial regulation, stronger social programs and renewed investment in education, research and infrastructure” and also “makes good use of the autobiographical mode” by contrasting the opportunities she and her generation had — such as low-cost public universities — with stories of the current challenges of the middle class.Senator Cory Booker, Democrat of New Jersey“United: Thoughts on Finding Common Ground and Advancing the Common Good” (2016)Booker, raised in New Jersey and a former mayor of Newark, argues in this book that American politics should be reoriented around compassion and solidarity. He told The Times that writing it was “far, far more difficult than I had expected,” and he cried when writing about the toughest parts of his life, including the death of a mentor.Marianne Williamson, author“A Politics of Love: A Handbook for a New American Revolution” (2019)Williamson, who previously ran for Congress as an Independent, announced a bid for presidency in January. She is running as a Democrat. The spirituality and new age lecturer has written dozens of books, including “Healing the Soul of America: Reclaiming Our Voices as Spiritual Citizens,” which was written in response to what Williamson viewed as a crisis in American morality. “A Politics of Love” renews this vision, calling for Americans to act out of love rather than fear.Pete Buttigieg, Democratic mayor of South Bend, Ind.“Shortest Way Home: One Mayor’s Challenge and a Model for America’s Future” (2019)Buttigieg drew national attention when he wrote a coming-out essay for The South Bend Tribune, in particular because Mike Pence, who was governor of Indiana at the time, was championing a “religious freedom” bill that critics thought would discriminate against gays. In this memoir, parts of which our reviewer called “personal, beguiling and quite moving,” Buttigieg recalls this experience, as well as his career, from the Navy to politics.Andrew Yang, founder of Venture for America“The War on Normal People: The Truth About America’s Disappearing Jobs and Why Universal Basic Income Is Our Future” (2018)Yang, a Democrat, argues in his book that as technology continues to make many jobs obsolete, the government must take concrete steps to ensure economic stability for residents of the United States, including providing a universal basic income. This is the central promise of his campaign.Senator Kamala Harris, Democrat of California“The Truths We Hold: An American Journey” (2019)In this memoir, the California senator covers her time as attorney general, as well as her upbringing in Oakland, Calif., as the child of immigrant parents: an economist father from Jamaica and a mother from India who was a cancer researcher. It includes pages of vintage and recent photos from Harris’s life.Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, Democrat of New York“Off the Sidelines: Speak Up, Be Fearless and Change Your World” (2014)In this women’s empowerment guide, Gillibrand recounts her political career, making the argument that if women were better represented in government, so too would be their issues. Our reviewer wrote that though in some ways this book stuck to the conventions of the political memoir, “there are moments of immensely appealing self-disclosure that seldom appear in other books of this genre.”Julián Castro, President Barack Obama’s secretary of Housing and Urban Development“An Unlikely Journey: Waking Up From My American Dream” (2018)The through line in Castro’s book is his grandmother, who emigrated from Mexico when she was 9 years old and helped raise Castro and his twin brother, Joaquín. Castro, who was a former Democratic mayor of San Antonio, Texas, explains how access to quality schooling shaped his professional path. Representative Tulsi Gabbard, Democrat of Hawaii“Is Today the Day? Not Another Political Memoir” (August 20, 2019)In this forthcoming memoir, Gabbard will write about her military career, as well as how she became the first Hindu woman elected to Congress in 2012.John K. Delaney, former United States representative, Democrat of Maryland“The Right Answer: How We Can Unify Our Divided Nation” (2018)Delaney was a businessman before he ran for Congress, and in this book, he writes about why he left the private sector and what politicians can learn from entrepreneurs. HONG KONG — With the Chinese economy beginning the new year on a decidedly downbeat note, Beijing’s leaders are injecting more than $200 billion into its financial system to ease lending.The People’s Bank of China on Friday said it would cut the amount of cash that banks must hold as reserves by one percentage point. The move will essentially free up 1.5 trillion Chinese renminbi, or about $218 billion, for an economy experiencing weaker factory output and consumer confidence while it weathers a trade war with the United States.The cut is not unusual for China’s central bank, but it comes amid uncertainty about how Beijing will manage slower growth. China’s slowdown has contributed to shaky global financial markets. On Wednesday, underscoring the broad impact, Apple unexpectedly cut its sales forecast for its latest quarter, citing disappointing iPhone sales in China, once one of its most vibrant markets.Chinese officials pledged last month to step up support of the economy, and they are facing new urgency, said Mark Williams, chief Asia economist for Capital Economics, a research firm. Retail and auto sales are down, and China’s latest manufacturing data showed factory activity shrank in December. While monthly data released on Friday showed improvement in China’s services sector, the overall picture has become more concerning.“The consistently downbeat tone of the data released since then will only have underlined the strains the economy is facing,” Mr. Williams said.This month, China will report economic growth figures for the last three months of 2018. While China’s headline growth figure is widely seen as unreliable, it dipped in the third quarter to 6.5 percent, its lowest level of expansion since the aftermath of the global financial crisis.The move by the central bank on Friday appeared to be part of a coordinated effort. Earlier in the day, Li Keqiang, the country’s premier, said China would move to shore up the economy through measures that included cutting bank reserve requirement ratios and lowering taxes.The central bank said it would cut its reserve requirement ratio — a measure of how much cash from deposits that lenders need to keep — by half a percentage point on Jan. 15 and another half a percentage point by Jan. 25.The move will give banks more leeway to lend money, though analysts noted the net amount of money flowing into the system would be roughly half the $218 billion headline figure, as the central bank shuts off other sources of funds. It also comes roughly a month before China’s Lunar New Year holiday, when Chinese households sometimes strain the monetary system by spending more and by giving cash as gifts.China has traditionally used its state-controlled banking system to flood the economy with money when growth slows. Last year, China cut the reserve ratio four times. But economists, small businesses and many others say the mechanism shovels money into big, inefficient companies or into investment bubbles instead of toward the smaller entrepreneurs who need it more.The cut “will be good for curbing the economic downturn and solving the financing difficulties of enterprises,” said Yu Yongding, an economist at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.“But this is just one policy,” Mr. Yu added, saying it risks pouring money into real estate and the stock market, which would do little to solve the economy’s problems. “We need a lot of other policies to cooperate.”For several weeks, economists and analysts have speculated that officials could move to push a hefty stimulus package that would give the flagging economy a shot in the arm. But such bold moves have become increasingly difficult for the Chinese government, which is contending with a huge debt load accumulated over the last decade to spur growth.Still, many analysts took the move as a sign that China’s leader would be proactive in heading off any worsening slump.“The central bank has made it clear that this wasn’t ‘releasing the floodwaters’ by providing a huge stimulus comparable to that introduced in 2009, but it is clear that they are redoubling efforts to stabilize the economy and the currency,” Geoffrey Yu, the head of the British investment office of the Swiss bank UBS, said in an email.“This swift action supports our view that there won’t be a sharp deceleration in the Chinese economy this year and that fears of a major global slowdown are overdone,” Mr. Yu added.I cried the first time I saw a naked man. As a young woman growing up in a conservative Catholic household, I couldn’t even look at my own genitals, and thought I would go to hell for masturbating. The abstinence-only education I received — at school, at home, in the church — left me with years of shame, isolation and fear.I’ve watched the recent battles over allowing comprehensive sex ed in Colorado, Utah and Idaho, and I know how much is at stake for children. As a sex educator and entrepreneur, I’ve spoken with thousands of similarly miseducated young people, and I know the mental and physiological damage it can inflict.Americans laugh at the embarrassment parents face in talking to kids about sex. But it’s not a joke. Fewer students now receive comprehensive sex ed in our country than at any time in the past 20 years. Since the late 1990s, conservative activists — often with the help of conservative presidents — have steadily chipped away at sex education by funding and mandating abstinence-only policies in schools.Only about half of all school districts in the United States require any sex ed at all. Of those that do, most mandate or stress abstinence-only instruction. No birth control. No sexually transmitted infection prevention. No consent.In fact, 18 states require that educators tell students that sex is acceptable only within the context of marriage. Seven states prohibit teachers — under penalty of law — from acknowledging the existence of L.G.B.T.Q. people other than in the context of H.I.V. or to condemn homosexuality. Only 10 states even reference “sexual assault” or “consent” in their sex education curriculums.And in districts where comprehensive sex education is provided, parents are largely allowed to opt out of such instruction for their children.Conservatives often frame sex ed as government overreach, arguing that lessons in sexuality and relationships are best provided by parents. But most parents can’t or don’t provide such guidance. Refusing to provide children with medically accurate information about their own sexual development isn’t ideological; it’s negligent.It’s not even effective. States that place a heavy emphasis on abstinence-only sex ed have seen much higher rates of teen pregnancy, even when studies control for factors like income and education levels.During the Obama administration, funding for abstinence-only sex education was shifted  toward more comprehensive sex education — and teen pregnancy dropped nationwide by 41 percent. The Trump administration, embracing an abstinence-only approach, has reversed course, cutting more than $200 million in funding for the program. Despite the dreams of social conservatives, few teens actually practice abstinence. Nearly 60 percent of students have sex before they graduate from high school, according to some surveys. Many do so without any instruction from parents or schools on condoms, infections or consent.Perhaps that’s why one in four American women will become pregnant by the time they turn 20.Or why a quarter of all new cases of sexually transmitted infections occur in teenagers — and the number of S.T.I.s has been at all-time highs.Or why only 41 percent of American women have described their first sexual experience as wanted.When we refuse to teach students about sex, we don’t stop sex — we just make it more dangerous. And it’s not just because of S.T.I.s.Kids who lack information and ownership over their bodies are more likely to be taken advantage of. When children are taught that all premarital sex is negative, it’s harder for them to fight, or report, abuse or coercion.Abstinence education negates the possibility of consent. When I was a teen, I was taught that men would try to get sex from me, and that my job was to say no. That made me feel as if the coercion and violations that happened to me were my fault. All sexual acts are equally wrong, so if a boy went too far on a date with me, it was my fault for letting him touch me at all.Keeping children in the dark allows predators to set the narrative. They count on the culture of silence and the sense of shame. When virginity is prized as the highest honor, those who are assaulted can feel even more worthless — and may avoid reporting abusive or predatory behavior out of shame and confusion.For L.G.B.T.Q. children, things can be even more bleak. A lack of inclusive sex education contributes to feelings of isolation and shame, while enabling bullies. L.G.B.T.Q. kids have even fewer resources, and face more drastic consequences — from physical abuse to homelessness — when they attempt to report assaults. When we promote abstinence over medically accurate sexual health, it inflicts a lifetime of physical and psychological harm on young people.It doesn’t have to be this way. In many countries, the right to accurate information about sexual health is deemed essential. Children raised in the Netherlands, for example, begin sex ed in kindergarten. American teens give birth at a rate that is five times higher than that of their Dutch counterparts. Most Dutch teens report their first sexual experience positively.We joke about sex because it’s difficult for us to talk about. And in part because our parents weren’t able to talk with us about it, we’re unable to talk with our kids. We can break the cycle for the next generation of young people by fighting for accessible and comprehensive sex education.Their safety is more important than our shame.Andrea Barrica is the founder and chief executive of O.school, a media platform for learning about sexuality.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.A day is a day, with so many hours of darkness and so many of light. It’s a hard reality that no powerful king or brilliant philosopher has ever found a way around. And yet, every year, bless our hearts, we try.Compelled by the augustly named federal Uniform Time Act of 1966, most Americans will leap ahead — or stumble blearily — from one configuration of the clock to another this weekend, as daylight saving time clicks in at 2 a.m. Sunday.But many people are saying it’s time for time to be left alone. State legislatures from New England to the West Coast are considering proposals to end the leaping, clock-shifting confusion of hours lost or gained, and the conundrums it can create.Could 8 a.m. somehow, somewhere in the universe, really still be 8 a.m., even if now you’re suddenly calling it 9?“I cannot change the rotation of the earth and sun,” said Kansen Chu, a California lawmaker who is sponsoring a bill to keep the state permanently on daylight time — one of at least 31 states that are addressing some aspect of daylight saving and its discontents. “But I am hoping to get more sunlight to the people of California.”Proponents of setting the clock once and being done with it, like Mr. Chu, a Democrat from the San Jose area, said that shifting back and forth in the spring and fall, if it ever really made sense, no longer does.California voters agreed last fall, approving a ballot proposition for year-round daylight time by a wide margin.Lifestyles and patterns of work are different now than they were when daylight saving first became entrenched nationally during and after World War II. Research, Mr. Chu and others said, has shown that human beings just aren’t as flexible about their daily rhythms as they once seemed; accidents, heart attacks and strokes tend to occur in greater numbers around the time shift.The 1966 law allows states to opt out of daylight saving, and Hawaii and Arizona do so, staying on standard time all year; so does Puerto Rico. But for reasons that historians say remain murky, the law does not allow states to opt in all the way, and choose daylight time year-round. So the California proposal, and a similar bill passed by the Florida Legislature last year, would require an act of Congress to take effect.Josh Yokela, a Republican state legislator in New Hampshire, is working on a way around that problem. He is the lead sponsor of a bill, passed by the State House last month, to request that New Hampshire be shifted into the Atlantic time zone, which by fine coincidence would do exactly what daylight saving does now: put the state an hour ahead of Eastern Standard Time. Then the state would opt out of seasonal clock changes, as the 1966 law allows.The key is that moving to a different time zone does not require an act of Congress — all it takes is an order from the Transportation Department, the federal agency that oversees time (a legacy of its duties regulating railroad schedules).“We would be on the same time as the rest of the Eastern time zone for eight months of the year, because they accept daylight saving time — and when they fall back in the winter, we wouldn’t,” Mr. Yokela said.Of course, it matters what your neighbors’ clocks say, and not just your own. Regional considerations played a role both in how daylight time first appeared a century ago, and in the debate over what to do about it now.New Hampshire’s bill, for example, says that because the state is so closely tied economically with the other New England states, especially Maine and Massachusetts, it would only try the jump to Atlantic time if the others did as well.Proximity also had ripple effects in the 1920s, when New York City, having tasted daylight saving as a temporary measure during World War I, decided to keep it in peacetime. Retailers found that people shopped and spent more on their way home from work when there was more evening light, and Wall Street investors liked gaining an hour of overlap with trading on the London financial markets.Supporters also argued that nudging the clock forward to have more of a summer’s daylight fall in the evening would save energy by reducing the need for artificial light.Once New York was doing it, places like Boston that needed to stay in sync economically decided to follow suit. A similar domino effect led Detroit to petition in 1922 to move to Eastern time from Central, followed by most of the rest of Michigan. And now, with California inching toward a change, time bills are being considered in Washington, Oregon and Nevada.The early days of experiments with time changes brought on a lot of head-scratching, said Michael Downing, a novelist and lecturer in creative writing at Tufts University who has written a social history, called “Spring Forward: The Annual Madness of Daylight Saving Time.” Some people worried that an extra hour of light in the evening would dry up and brown their lawns, or that cows would become confused and not give as much milk.“The idea of losing or gaining an hour is itself such a fantastically bad philosophical proposition that nobody knows what they’re talking about,” Mr. Downing said. “Most people don’t even understand whether moving the clocks forward gives them more sunlight or less sunlight in the morning. They just can’t remember what it does, because it so defies logic.”Scott Yates, a technology entrepreneur in Colorado who runs a website dedicated to staying on daylight saving time year-round, predicted that most of the state bills would go nowhere. Though he believes the idea has gained some legitimacy, with lawmakers thinking especially about the health effects of time changes, it is hardly a top legislative priority for anyone. At the same time, it is not a bitterly partisan issue, which in these days of divided politics feels pretty rare.“It’s sort of odd, in that it doesn’t have any natural political division to it, but it doesn’t have a natural constituency, either,” Mr. Yates said. “It’s actually kind of refreshing in that way.”MONTREAL — Being nice in Canada can sometimes feel like a full-time job.There was that time Prime Minister Justin Trudeau cuddled with two baby pandas.Over the weekend, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland welcomed a Saudi teenager at Toronto airport with a warm embrace after she had fled abusive members of her family and been granted asylum in Canada.Now, Canadian air traffic controllers have helped burnish the country’s image as the do-gooder of the world by sending hundreds of pizzas to their American counterparts, who have been working without pay since a government shutdown began on Dec. 22.And, yes, some were apparently garnished with Canadian bacon.Peter Duffey, president of the Canadian Air Traffic Control Association, said the show of cheesy support began last week when employees at an air traffic control center in Edmonton, Alberta, decided to buy pizzas for their colleagues at an office in Anchorage, Alaska. Soon, dozens of other Canadian traffic control centers joined in.“We wanted to show solidarity with our American colleagues,” he said. “In our society we are polite and friendly people and this gesture is part of that.”“In the United States, people have responded to this simple act of pizza by saying, ‘Damn, you Canadians are so nice. I’m moving to Canada.’ ”By Monday, about 400 pizzas had been delivered to air traffic control towers across the United States, from El Paso, Tex., to Ronkonkoma, Long Island, which on Friday received 32 pies from Gino’s Pizzeria of Ronkonkoma, compliments of air traffic controllers in Gander, Newfoundland, and Moncton, New Brunswick.[Want more Canadian coverage in your inbox? Sign up for our weekly Canada Letter newsletter.]Many Canadians have reacted with shock to what they regard as the seemingly endless drama of the Trump administration, including the special counsel investigation of President Trump and the acrimonious trade negotiations between Canada and the United States.Now the United States government is partly shut down, caught in a political dispute over securing money for a southern-border wall that Mr. Trump wants to help keep migrants out.Canadians have sought to avoid un-Canadian-like behavior such as gloating. But with the pizza deliveries, they appeared to bask in their own relative serenity and yet another feel-good moment reaffirming their humanism.“ ‘Pizza Diplomacy’, eh!” Ankur Chhabra, an economist studying public health in Toronto, wrote on Twitter. “Proud to be in a country that is so full of love and respect for everyone. Our southern neighbors need to imbibe this more often, I guess.”“That’s why the world loves Canada,” an entrepreneur identified as KC wrote on Twitter.“That’s amore,” added The Toronto Star.In the United States, where about 10,000 air traffic controllers have been working without pay, the reaction was also effusive.On ATC Memes, a Facebook page run by a former air traffic controller that helped the pizza gifts gain global attention, there was an outpouring of gratitude for Canada.Among those commenting was Chris Taylor, who saluted the country of bone-chilling weather, socialized medicine and maple syrup.“I know who I’m voting for next election,” he wrote. “Canada!”A Twitter user identified as “Call me Myke” wrote that he was very grateful for “the extremely kind gesture of buying us pizza while our own government isn’t paying us.” He added, “I might have to cheer for a Canadian hockey team.”“O! Canada we don’t deserve you,” added George Capen, a California-based United States Navy veteran.Mr. Duffey noted that air-traffic control was among the most stressful jobs, and that the Canadians, who work closely with Americans to ensure the safety of North American airspace, hoped that the pizza would cheer them up.“In our business you have to be 100 percent right, 100 percent of the time and there is no room for error,” he said. “Now, on top of that, people have to come to work and worry about the added stress of paying their mortgages or putting food on the table.”Canadians, he added, had long shown humanity in times of crisis in the United States, including during the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, when citizens of Gander, Newfoundland, housed and fed nearly 6,700 people after American airspace was closed and 38 planes were forced to land in the small Canadian town of 10,000 people.Their willingness to host those who were stranded captured the global imagination, and inspired a Tony Award-winning Broadway musical, “Come from Away.”Pilgrims from the United States have even traveled to Gander to meet “nice people.”Canadian air traffic controllers were not alone in expressing solidarity with their American counterparts through pizza offerings. Controllers at the Irish Aviation Authority base in Shannon did the same, ordering six large pies for workers in Westbury, Long Island, news media in Ireland reported Monday. The Irish Sun said Borrelli’s Italian Restaurant Cafe and Pizzeria delivered the pies Sunday night.Please sign up here to have the Race/Related newsletter delivered weekly to your inbox.Baye McNeil, a journalist based in Japan, has been working to change perceptions there of black people and culture. Originally from Brooklyn, he has spent 15 years in Japan and writes a column called “Black Eye” for The Japan Times. He appears frequently in the Japanese media to talk about diversity. Mr. McNeil visited the newsroom this week and gave us a different perspective on race, one that we want to share with you. This interview, done after the visit over email, has been condensed and edited for clarity.How has Japan changed your views on race and racism?Living there has given me an opportunity to view and address race issues in a sort of laboratory setting or safe space. Before going there, there was no truly safe space in the U.S. That burden I carried, that psychological armor, was out of necessity because, particularly as a black man in America, your very life or livelihood is in jeopardy constantly.This safety has allowed me to grow, experiment and expand my understanding of these complex issues and how to address them effectively.You describe often having an empty seat next to you on the train — no matter how crowded it is — as few people want to sit next to you. It’s even captured in the cover illustration of your first book. Tell us how you deal with that.Making peace with such behavior requires either a diminishing of the culprit’s inviolable humanity, or your own. Neither is acceptable to me. I’ve written about it extensively, for the empty-seat phenomenon permeates virtually every aspect of the conspicuous non-Japanese person’s life. It manifests itself on trains, buses, cafes, even walking down the street. But mostly I manage my feelings about it by raising awareness of its problematic nature.There have also been blackface incidents in Japan. An aging doo-wop group, which claims to pay homage to black people and music by dressing up in old Motown-like get-ups, Afros and blackface, was going to perform a minstrel show on Fuji TV, a national network. I spearheaded a campaign to get the producers and sponsors to reconsider doing so. Not because it was racist, but because the world is now watching Japanese media in real time and the world will label Japan an ignorant or racist country if this kind of thing continues unchecked. The petition caused the segment to be canceled. But the decision to alter the programming in response to a protest and petition signed by Japanese people was not even mentioned in Japanese papers or newscasts.Many Japanese aren’t aware of the history of blackface in America, nor the origins of its use in Japan (Japanese learned blackface from racist Americans). They operate under the belief that since Japan does not have the same history of slavery and oppression against black people, that their use of blackface should not be viewed as racist or offensive. In fact, many feel it’s their way of showing respect for black peoples and cultures.Has Naomi Osaka’s rise to stardom been a turning point for how Japanese view hafus (mixed-race people)?I don’t think her ascension has had much of an impact on how Japanese view biracial Japanese. I think most see a cute biracial Japanese girl. However, the pushback against the whitewashing or makeover of her image by Nissin, one of the world’s largest instant-noodle companies, has generated public discussion about why such a thing was done. That may lead to discussions of the challenges that face Japan’s growing number of mixed-race couples and their offspring.You don’t like to use the word “racism,” so instead you use “presumption.” Why?Words like “racism” have a tendency to shut down conversations and have all parties retreating to their respective foxholes, with nothing resolved or even meaningfully addressed. This can be particularly true when dealing with Japanese people: The brand of propaganda popular here pretty much dictates that Japanese are incapable of being racists because they only have experience with, and direct exposure to, one race over the course of their lifetimes.But I’ve found that people are more open to discussing problematic behaviors like asserting presumptions at unknown entities, something everyone can recognize in themselves. Whereas, people are seldom willing to recognize racism, at least not aloud. Over the course of such a discussion, participants generally come to the conclusion on their own about how their presumptions can easily lend themselves to racialization, and even racism itself, if done on a larger, more institutional basis.What have you learned from writing a newspaper column for five years? I’ve learned my own knowledge of how diverse blackness is in Japan was limited. Through the column, I’ve learned of black lawyers, university presidents, stuntmen, filmmakers, J-pop idols, entrepreneurs galore, even true expats with political aspirations. This had the impact on me that I was hoping it would have on our Japanese hosts. Second, I learned how writing is a form of activism. I never intended to be an activist but it’s inevitable that if you take on issues with passion and persuasiveness that will lend itself to activism. By virtue of your prominence, people will look to you for leadership. It’s a hell of a responsibility and has placed me and my work in the cross hairs of some unsavory elements over here, some of whom labeled me and any black person with a similar “can’t sit silent and still and accept the nonsense” mentality as dangers to Japan.I wrote a column in response to this in 2018, called “Are black people dangerous for Japan?” In it, I declared that I definitely am dangerous to the status quo.Readers, please tell us about your experiences in Japan, and share your photos with us at racerelated@nytimes.com. We might include your responses in an upcoming newsletter.For more coverage, see our archive and sign up here to have Race/Related delivered weekly to your inbox.WASHINGTON — Patriot Puck, a New York-based company, wrapped its hockey pucks in American flags, declaring them “The Only American Made Hockey Puck!”The mattress firm Nectar Sleep, founded by Silicon Valley entrepreneurs, promoted its mattresses as “designed and assembled in the U.S.A.”Two California-based manufacturers of deployment bags, tactical gear and other merchandise marketed to active and retired American military personnel sold the products online as #MadeInUSA, and inserted “American Made” tags into its products.In reality, most of the products were manufactured entirely in China, according to the Federal Trade Commission.Last fall, the F.T.C. determined that all four companies had violated federal law by engaging in “unfair or deceptive acts” and falsely marketing their goods as American-made.But while President Trump has accused China of destroying American jobs and prioritized strengthening United States manufacturing, his appointees at the F.T.C. did little to punish the firms. The companies faced no fines and were not required to admit any wrongdoing or to notify customers of their false marketing. The trade commission entered into proposed consent agreements with each firm barring them from falsely marketing their products with the threat of fines if they violated the agreement. A final decision on the penalties is expected in the coming weeks after a public comment period ends.The trade commission’s treatment of the companies has angered Democratic lawmakers, who are urging the Trump administration to pursue tougher punishments for companies that profit by producing products in China and falsely labeling them as American-made.“We call on the commission to do more to protect American manufacturers and consumers,” a group of senators wrote to the F.T.C. last month. Senators Chris Murphy of Connecticut, Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin asked the agency to “provide specific insights about the commission’s decision to seek no consequences in these brazen instances of fraudulently labeling goods as ‘Made in the USA.’”From the campaign trail to the White House, Mr. Trump has directed much of his focus to rebuilding American jobs and industries. In April 2017, Mr. Trump signed a “Buy American and Hire American” executive order, with the goal of promoting the use of “American-made goods and to ensure that American labor is hired to do the job.”Mr. Trump has put a particular focus on revitalizing American manufacturing, which he says has been decimated by cheap Chinese labor and materials.That has Democrats questioning why the agency is not being more aggressive in going after American companies that manufacture their goods in China.“Many companies that manufacture at home are already treading water,” Rohit Chopra, a Democratic F.T.C. commissioner who disagreed with the decision, said in an interview. “American companies shouldn’t lose out to corporate cheaters who lie on their labels.”Mr. Brown, who is considering running for president, said the agency’s penalty did not match the severity of the companies’ behavior.“If companies that break our laws do not face financial penalties, then our American manufacturers are severely undermined,” Mr. Brown said. “We need stronger enforcement by the F.T.C. and greater transparency when it comes to the commission’s actions to crack down on these violators.”Some agency officials, including one of its two Democratic commissioners, defended the settlement, saying that the threat of future penalties was a strong deterrent. The companies face a $40,000 penalty per violation if they are caught making false claims again. And officials said the agency did not seek monetary relief, in part, because there was no “price premium,” meaning the goods were not more expensive than similar products sold by competitors, who also imported their products but did not falsely label them as American-made.“In our view, a thoughtful review and forward-looking plan is a more effective and efficient use of commission resources than reopening and relitigating the cases before us today,” Joseph J. Simons, the F.T.C. chairman, and Rebecca Kelly Slaughter, a Democratic commissioner, wrote in a statement in September.But at least one company has complained to the commission, alleging in a letter that the backpack manufacturer’s misleading claim cost it lucrative contracts.“Sandpiper caused confusion to at least one organizational buyer at the Army and Air Force Exchange Service looking for ‘Made in the USA’ products,” Alan Watts, a lawyer representing a competing company, Advantus, wrote to the commission in October. “This caused a very real unfair competitive disadvantage to Advantus whose compliance with the law caused it to lose sales.”The F.T.C. has a long history of weak enforcement in “Made in America” cases that preceded Mr. Trump’s tenure. The commission lists on its website 26 “Made in America” cases it has reviewed since 1999. In some of those cases, companies have agreed to a monetary settlement. In 2016, for instance, Chemence, a specialty chemical company, agreed to pay $220,000 to resolve an agency lawsuit. But in many other cases, the settlements required only record-keeping and reporting requirements to make sure companies did not violate the law again.The commission first found out about the false “Made in America” claims made by the four companies in question now through a dedicated complaint line, according to James Kohm, associate director of the enforcement division for the Bureau of Consumer Protection.Mr. Kohm, in an interview, noted that Patriot Pucks went out of business shortly after the F.T.C.’s first ruling in September, and that Sandpiper, one of the tactical gear manufacturers, was sold to a new owner last fall while the company was involved in litigation with the commission.“We’ve reached a preliminary agreement, whereby the company has not been required to admit any liability,” said a lawyer representing Piper Gear, the second tactical gear maker. He said he could not comment further because the settlement was not final.After a public comment period, which included the questions from lawmakers on Capitol Hill, the commission is expected to issue a final notice on the cases in the coming weeks. The senators, along with Mr. Chopra, are pressing to change the settlement to further penalize the wrongdoers.“The commission should consider remedies tailored to the individual circumstances of the fraud, including redress and notice for consumers, disgorgement of ill-gotten gains, opt-in return programs, or admissions of wrongdoing,” Mr. Chopra wrote in a dissenting statement.The latest generation of Silicon Valley start-ups is now sprinting to the public markets, raising hopes among large and small investors eager to invest in these high-profile, fast-growing firms. But the class of 2019 is far different from its predecessors. These companies, including gig economy darlings like Uber and Lyft, are generally older and larger, powered for years by billions of dollars of private money that has reshaped the start-up world.The additional maturity of the companies may curb wild swings — both big gains and big losses — for new investors. But it could also mean that the companies’ fastest phases of growth are behind them. As a result, there is an increased risk that in this wave of tech I.P.O.s, an elite group of investors, like sovereign wealth funds and venture capitalists, will grab a larger share of the winnings compared with new investors.“Individual investors are going to get in too late,” said Jason DeSena Trennert, managing partner at Strategas Research Partners, a markets and economic analysis firm. “They’re going to be the last investors in, and that’s the concern.”[Lyft’s shares soared on Friday when it began trading on public markets.]The change reflects a large-scale shift in the way that American entrepreneurs raise money to build their companies. Instead of quickly turning to the public markets and the scrutiny that comes with that, as Amazon and Google did, they are building huge businesses over the course of many years on the back of private money, and with fewer demands for financial disclosures.Uber, the giant ride-hailing company, has raised more than $20 billion over the last decade. Lyft, its smaller rival, which priced its I.P.O. late Thursday at $72 a share and is expected to start trading on the Nasdaq Friday, raised $4.9 billion over seven years.Many start-ups in earlier waves — back to the dot-com boom of the late 1990s, when Amazon was listed on the Nasdaq — went public just a few years after their founding. Some, like Pets.com, had tiny amounts of revenue, and now exist only in Silicon Valley lore. A combination of policy changes and vast new riches in the tech industry has been changing the equation for start-ups for more than a decade. Mutual funds and hedge funds — the typical investors in a start-up’s I.P.O. — began buying stakes in large private companies as a way to build up larger stakes before the new businesses went public. Other big investors joined in, including large sovereign wealth funds and the outsize SoftBank Vision Fund, creating an even hotter market. Venture capital investments into United States-based companies grew to $99.5 billion in 2018, the highest level since 2000, according to CB Insights, a company that tracks start-ups.Those investments have driven valuations of start-ups to unusual heights. There are now at least 333 so-called unicorns, companies valued at $1 billion or more, according to CB Insights. In 2014 there were around 80.Lyft has a private valuation of more than $11 billion. So does Pinterest, another company in the process of going public. That is roughly the market value that public investors put on the retailer Kohl’s and the online trading firm E-Trade Financial. Uber, the largest of the private companies expected to head for the stock market this year, has a private-market valuation of more than $70 billion. In public markets, that’s roughly the same size as corporate giants such as Goldman Sachs and CVS Health. Matt Murphy, a partner at Menlo Ventures, a leading venture capital firm, said the higher valuations and larger investments correlate with bigger opportunities created by smartphones and cloud computing. “The magnitude of the audiences that can be reached and the monetization per user has grown,” he said. “Their growth potential is much higher than was previously anticipated.”Some industry groups and investors who urge fewer regulations say the emphasis on the private markets is an outgrowth of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the federal law passed in 2002 that tightened accounting rules for public companies after the accounting scandals of the early 2000s. Besides raising disclosure requirements and other changes, the law required top executives to attest to the accuracy of corporate financial statements. Some say those higher costs to guarantee compliance can dissuade smaller companies from going public. Private companies, by comparison, can operate with far less disclosure. They are under no obligation to file quarterly earnings updates or audited annual financial statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Nor are they required to broadly distribute updates on business developments to the public. Others say the decline in public offerings began before Sarbanes-Oxley passed. They attribute the change to a wave of federal deregulation, which made it easier to raise money and sell companies privately. Lighter antitrust enforcement set off a boom in mergers and acquisitions, allowing smaller firms to sell to bigger companies instead of going public. At the same time, new laws made it easier for private companies to sell securities to qualified investors around the country, bolstering funding from private equity and venture capital.Whatever the driver, the net result has been a clear downturn in the number of public companies in the United States. The number of listed companies has declined by 52 percent since 1997, to a bit more than 3,600 in 2016, according to a working paper from the National Bureau of Economic Research published last year. This long-term shrinkage in publicly available shares is a reason that some analysts expect Uber, Lyft and other prominent start-ups to receive a warm response from the institutional investors who typically buy freshly issued shares, even if the potential upside could be smaller. “There’s an element, I think, of pent-up demand here,” said David Ethridge, who advises on public offerings at the consulting firm PwC. “I think people will have a feeling of, I don’t really want to miss out.”Investors have some reason to be skeptical of paying top dollar for newly minted public companies, however. Over the last two years, the value of companies that completed public offerings actually fell by an average of 8 percent, according to a recent research report from Goldman Sachs analysts. Over the same period, the S&P 500 stock index was up about 12 percent. Benjamin Moore offers consumers a choice of more than 3,500 paint colors. Sherwin-Williams, a competitor, sells a more limited but still substantial palette of 1,500 hues. To buy either brand, you generally have to visit a hardware store or big-box retailer like Lowe’s, select from an array of color chips and wait while the paint is mixed by an employee. You may have to buy sample cans to test the paint on your walls at home, and make a return trip to the store, before you settle on the right color.It’s not exactly a soulful task, but for decades it was a manageable one. Or perhaps it wasn’t. Because as with so many consumer categories that have been transformed over the past decade by tech entrepreneurs, from mattresses to eyewear to hailing a cab, paint is being “disrupted.”Two new brands — Clare and Backdrop — have emerged in the past eight months, selling paint through their websites. Convenience and a friction-free life, ideally one in which any desire can be fulfilled through clicking and swiping, is the millennial consumer’s utopia, and now that utopia has colors of its own, with generationally appropriate names like Clare’s “No Filter” (a “light beige with warm undertones”). Say goodbye to the hardware store, because now you choose the paint online and have it shipped to your home. Say goodbye to testing paint on your walls, because now the samples are disposable peel-away stickers. Say goodbye, too, to choice overload, because Clare and Backdrop each offer a “curated” selection of about 50 colors. That’s less than half of the 132 colors offered by Farrow & Ball, the high-end British brand that previously marketed an edited palette. (One Kings Lane, with its new direct-to-consumer paint collection, offers an even more edited 32 hues.)Brad Sherman, a designer in New York who specializes in commercial design for tech companies like Casper and Food52, said he was recently served an ad for Backdrop on Instagram and was intrigued. “I felt it was about time somebody looked at disrupting this industry,” Mr. Sherman said. “The branding, the repackaging of the paint can, the tools. Looking at chips, the color is never accurate.”It can be difficult at first to tell Clare and Backdrop apart (just as with Uber and Lyft in the ride-hailing business). Both are New York-based companies founded by young people who wax on about “storytelling” and “pain points.” Both tout their eco-friendly bona fides. Both offer a subdued selection of colors sure to look great on Instagram, and at prices comparable to most midrange paints (about $45 per gallon). And where Farrow & Ball made an art out of twee names (Elephant’s Breath, anyone?), Clare and Backdrop give it an on-trend spin: Clare’s natural green is Avocado Toast; Backdrop’s warm beige is Palo Santo.First-mover advantage, however, goes to Clare, which debuted last July, four months ahead of Backdrop. With its uncluttered design and simple navigation, Clare’s website is perhaps better at conveying the mood of domestic ease, while the brand’s colors “seem to be a little brighter, a littler clearer,” than Backdrop’s, said Annie Elliott, an interior designer and blogger in Washington, D.C., who goes by the nom de plume Bossy Color. “I’m a sucker for kits, and that adorable yellow Clare box — sign me up,” Ms. Elliott said, referring to the brand’s five-piece tool kit, which sells for $25.Clare’s founder, Nicole Gibbons, 37, is a former interior designer who appeared on the TV show “Home Made Simple,” on the OWN network. Working with clients on the show and through her interiors firm showed her how lost people were about painting without an expert guide.“Like white, for example. You would think white was just white. Easy,” Ms. Gibbons said. “But you go to any other company and there are usually a hundred or more whites to choose from. People start to get confused and doubt.”Taking a “hyper-curated” approach, Ms. Gibbons offered only three whites with Clare, and one paint finish for walls (eggshell) and one finish for trim (semigloss). She also developed a “color genius” tool that asks questions about your space and spits out a recommended hue. “The whole premise of Clare is to simplify, so by the time you’re at the end of this process, it’s joy, not hassle,” Ms. Gibbons said. “Sometimes people just want fewer, better choices.”Caleb and Natalie Ebel, the married founders of Backdrop, also espouse fewer, better, but unlike Ms. Gibbons, they celebrate the messiness of painting. Colors are represented on their site as gooey drops of wet paint, and the imagery in their ad campaign is of people ready to paint, not static, furnished rooms. The Ebels, both in their early 30s, have no background in design or color theory. Ms. Ebel worked in marketing and branding for an education nonprofit, while Mr. Ebel, who has a finance degree, touts his early experience at Warby Parker (“I worked at Warby Parker” is the new “I was at Woodstock”). With Backdrop, the Ebels have applied personal branding and style signifiers to a business “void of any emotion,” Mr. Ebel said.Thus, Backdrop’s neutral beige is named Ryokan Guesthouse because two years ago, before their daughter was born, the Ebels spent their babymoon in Japan. They are developing Spotify playlists for each color. Inspired by olive-oil canisters, they redesigned the boring round paint can; the Backdrop can is square, with a rubber stopper that gives what Mr. Ebel called “a beautiful pour.” In addition to paint and tools, the Ebels sell branded work T-shirts, drop cloths and coveralls. Indeed, they say they want to make painting appear so fun and easy that people will be inspired to change their walls every six months.Isn’t that exhausting?“Well, it’s the cheapest way to transform your space,” Ms. Ebel said.Fifty percent of Backdrop’s customers don’t bother testing samples, she added: “They’re commenting on social that they’re purchasing paint because of the names. When your backdrop is Surf Camp, you’re much more able to remember that versus just blue.”Ms. Elliott, the designer, said she is unlikely to buy paint based on a catchy name. At the moment, one go-to is Benjamin Moore’s Simply White, a shade she has used time and again.But, she admitted, “this is for a generation of folks who are probably not going to hire a designer anyway. It’s for someone who wants to spend a Saturday changing the room for not a lot of money. And for that, I see the appeal.”WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif. — The problem with stardom, most any star will tell you, is you can’t turn it off anymore. Certain protocols used to apply when it came to sightings of famous folk in public. But that was in the bygone days of the Brown Derby or Chasen’s, about a billion “creepshots” ago.Now, of course, it is next to impossible for people like Jennifer Aniston or Justin Timberlake to do the boringly normal stuff the rest of us take for granted. And that realization was at the core of an idea the hotelier Jeffrey Klein had for a personal second act. After more than a decade operating the celebrity petting zoo that is Sunset Tower Hotel and its now-storied Tower Bar, Mr. Klein understood better than most that the one craving that famous people cannot satisfy is to get their anonymity back. “Privacy is the new luxury,” Mr. Klein said one chilly recent morning, a week after he opened the doors on his latest project, a private club whose membership is largely composed of strangers you know by name. It has been 15 years since Mr. Klein and his partners paid $18 million for the Sunset Tower, a faded Art Deco relic on a stretch of Sunset Strip that, although now booming, had fallen into funky desuetude. Against most odds and all prevailing wisdom, he soon established it and its Tower Bar restaurant as essential landmarks of the new Hollywood. The Tower Bar, in particular, quickly evolved into the preferred watering hole of studio moguls, literary agents, fashion designers, power brokers and A-list movie stars, who prized Mr. Klein’s ability to reconcile the paradox that the famous experience the same giddiness we all do when exposed to others of their kind. Unlike ordinary mortals, though, they also yearn to recapture the privacy whose loss is the price tag of modern celebrity.With no fixed ambition to do so, Mr. Klein eased into the role of social Hollywood’s de facto gatekeeper, “sort of like a cross between Billy Haines and George Cukor with a little Perle Mesta,” as the screenwriter Jon Robin Baitz said (referring to a film star turned decorator, an Oscar-winning director and the Washington hostess who inspired “Call Me Madam,” the 1950 Irving Berlin musical).And for the past 13 years, ever since the Sunset Tower was “painstakingly restored to its Art Deco glory,” as The New York Times once noted, nobody got a power table at its cozy wood-paneled restaurant without going through Mr. Klein’s right hand man, Dimitri Dimitrov, 68: a Macedonian immigrant and career maître d’ himself renowned for an uncanny ability to diagram the fluctuations of Hollywood power, and equally for courtesy so mannered as to evoke Kabuki.For years, Vanity Fair held its Oscars night party at his hotel, along with the more stellar one given by the powerful talent agency CAA. And for years, Mr. Klein was approached by investors eager to replicate the Sunset Tower’s success. “I could have slapped my name on a thousand things and rolled out new properties," he said. “But I didn’t want to do just another hotel.”Instead Mr. Klein pursued a challenge equal to that first presented by the Sunset Tower. “I like dumps, and I like places with ghosts,” he said. Both, as it happened, were to be found under his nose at a druggie, clothing-optional motel complex blocks away from Sunset Tower in West Hollywood, a cluster of bungalows erected in the late 19th century as housing for workers laying railway lines to the coast.The Jolt of Soho HouseNot everyone would have detected in this collection of listing frame structures the potential for a private club that would make getting into Tower Bar seem almost as easy as grabbing a booth at IHOP. But Mr. Klein had long nurtured a dream of recreating in Los Angeles a members-only gathering place on the order of Annabel’s, a London nightclub founded in 1963 in what had been a coal cellar by the aristocratic British entrepreneur Mark Birley and distinguished by a clientele that, over the years, included royals and Frank Sinatra, Aristotle Onassis and Kate Moss.Not coincidentally, this interest coincided with a growing trend in Los Angeles, as elsewhere, for people to come together in upscale public settings not unlike social versions of a gated community. Clubs are far from new in Los Angeles, of course, their long history likely beginning with the “gentlemen-only” California Club, which opened over a livery stable in 1887, followed eight years later with establishment of the staid Jonathan Club, whose headquarters still occupy almost a block of prime real estate in the city’s downtown (with another outpost on an unrivaled stretch of beach in Santa Monica).But it was Soho House that jolted the social landscape of Los Angeles with its opening nearly 10 years ago in a glass-box building along Sunset Boulevard just shy of Beverly Hills.“They invited me and John to be founding members and I said no,” Mr. Klein said, referring to his husband, John Goldwyn, a producer and scion of the film family. “I thought I would never want to be a member of a private club,” he added — or even, as Groucho Marx once said “any club that will have me as a member.”That perspective shifted, Mr. Klein said, when membership in Soho House boomed and the agents, actors, producers, publicists and studio executives that had long patronized his restaurant and hotel began clamoring to get in. “It pricked up my ears to see how successful it was," Mr. Klein said.Rather than a membership roster drawn from a relatively broad swath of the local population, however, Mr. Klein envisioned for the San Vicente Bungalows a more tightly edited group of those representing the ecosystem he knows best: one composed principally of apex predators.“There’s nothing elite about it,” Mr. Klein told this reporter, as though testing for plausibility an assertion that fails to square with the fact that the advisory committee at San Vicente Bungalows is reputed to include some of the most prominent names in the art, fashion and entertainment industries. Annual dues, for that matter, are $4,200 for members over 35. It was a chilly afternoon and Mr. Klein, 48, was seated in the forecourt of his new nine-bungalow complex dressed in a tan Boglioli blazer, a Brunello Cucinelli button-down and a rumpled pair of Acne jeans. The San Vicente club was fresh from a six-year renovation estimated to have cost $50 million — nearly $2 million of it allocated for gardens in which transplanted, century-old California pepper trees now shade lattice walls of espaliered kumquats — and there were glitches.The power was dead in three electrical sockets in the club’s cozy living room, where the screenwriter Robert Harling (“Steel Magnolias”) sat in a corner tapping on an iPad. Vintage glass candy jars of peanut M&Ms were arranged on a console, but not precisely to Mr. Klein’s liking. A waitress attired in an aproned uniform from Mercatores, a Milanese livery shop, had set a lunch table backward, knife to the left and fork on the right. Consulting his phone, Mr. Klein noted that a member who was asked to resign from the club after staging a tipsy dining-room tantrum was bombarding him with text messages: “She’s begging to get back in.”Though by his own admission a “control freak,” Mr. Klein’s public face is one of affability and disarming bonhomie; he is perhaps unique as a businessman in his deployment of “I love you” as an all-purpose term of greeting and farewell. “Growing up, I always had to compensate with personality for this lack of intelligence I thought I had because I was severely dyslexic,” he said. “I was brought up with everyone telling me I was stupid. But I always had confidence in this ability to connect with people and connect them to each other.”The club of his fantasies, Mr. Klein said, was intended less as a new power matrix two miles from the one he already owns than as a democratic town square. What he envisioned at the San Vicente Bungalows, he said, was “an oasis” not unlike the storied Hollywood residential complex called Garden of Allah and made famous by inhabitants like Somerset Maugham, Ginger Rogers and F. Scott Fitzgerald. “I wanted this to be a place where a street artist can sit next to Spielberg.”Glance around, though, and no street artists are to be found. There is, however, Mr. Dimitrov — who followed Mr. Klein here from the Tower Bar, his ostentatious hospitableness intact though his striped suits traded for knit Armani blazers and sneakers from Comme des Garçons — escorting Lorne Michaels to a table in the candlelit dining room.A Bronfman in the BougainvilleaThe dominant mood of the San Vicente Bungalows club is snug and domestic. With its pool room hung with stridently colorful works selected by the Swiss artist Urs Fischer (a member); its oak-paneled living room designed by the English decorator Rita Konig as homage to Bunny Mellon’s Virginia library; its lush garden created over two years by Lisa Zeder, it resembles a Hollywood dream house out of the movies, as one member said. “It’s actually kind of a cross between a glorious English cottage, Bugsy Siegel’s hide-out and Bemelmans bar,” said Mr. Baitz, the screenwriter (and club member).In its design, the club’s interior courtyard allows for clear sightlines on almost every entrance and exit. And here, in fact, much like Tracy Lord skipping down the front steps of her Main Line mansion in “The Philadelphia Story” comes Hannah Bronfman, the D.J. heiress, descending from one of the club’s nine private bedrooms to duck beneath a bower of pink bougainvillea. And there, hunched with a script in a rattan cafe chair, sits Armie Hammer. And here is John Mayer, feet shod in Visvims and propped on a coffee table.While elsewhere in town, van loads of tourists are being carted around to view houses once inhabited by movie stars gone and long forgotten, at San Vicente Bungalows the live ones disport themselves.“I know, there is sort of an eye roll about the exclusivity” aspect of belonging to the club, Tracee Ellis Ross, the actress and comedian, said later by telephone. “It feels privileged and all of that. But at the same time there is this real need in Los Angeles for a place where you can go and be a private person and take off the celebrity part of yourself at the door.”As if to underscore that notion, members and guests at the club sign a code-of-conduct contract upon entry and surrender their phones to desk attendants dressed in piped rowing blazers. The phones are returned to them, of course, but only after the camera lens has been covered with a sticker bearing the logo of the club. “Believe me, there are people at the club far more recognizable than me,” Mr. Hammer said last week by telephone from home, where he was hanging out with his young daughter, Harper Grace. “Even for me, though, it’s great that you don’t have to worry about someone walking up and taking a selfie, or being pestered in any way.”In Mr. Klein’s world, the paparazzi that routinely bribe servers and slip weekly updated price lists to parking valets for celebrity tipoffs may be a necessary evil. Instagram is the enemy. “We live in this connected world where no one is really connected,” he said, adding that if his experience at Sunset Tower alerted him to anything it was a need to create a “safe zone” for those people whose faces beam out at us from the covers of the tabloids.“There actually are not that many celebrities in the world," D.A. Wallach, the musician and tech entrepreneur (and club member), said recently. “Part of what Jeff is good at is creating a community and environment for this rarefied group.”In a dream factory like Hollywood, where the business meeting is the dominant form of social intercourse and transience a defining state, community can sometimes seem like an anomalous concept. “L.A. lacks a coherent, cohesive culture of gathering places,” Mr. Baitz said flatly. “It just does.”What is never in short supply is the hypnotic pull those on the inside exert on the rest of us and the sense that life would far better if you could only join the club. And that is Mr. Klein's fundamental proposition at both the Tower Bar and his San Vicente Bungalows.“What makes L.A. so interesting is that it has always been this city of immigrants with this fantasy about what their own lives could become here," Mr. Wallach said. “There’s a recursive element in the way Jeff exports this idea of the culture of Hollywood even to Hollywood itself. San Vicente Bungalows is a throwback to something. But what?”Mac Wiseman, the bluegrass balladeer and guitar player known as “the Voice With a Heart,” whose hallmark was crossing musical genre lines, died on Sunday in Nashville. He was 93.The cause was kidney failure, his companion and caregiver, Janie Boyd, said.Mr. Wiseman first made his mark in the 1940s playing with bluegrass legends, first as a founding member of Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs’s Foggy Mountain Boys, and then with Bill Monroe’s Blue Grass Boys.As a sometime lead singer with Monroe’s group, Mr. Wiseman was featured on classics like “Can’t You Hear Me Callin’ ” and “Travelin’ This Lonesome Road.” He appeared as a headlining act on the bluegrass circuit in the 1950s and ’60s.But his musical instincts were always too wide-ranging to rest comfortably within the sometimes hermetic confines of bluegrass.“Not to sound too critical, but the ‘bluegrass’ classification was the worst damned thing ever happened to me,” Mr. Wiseman said, talking about his first decade as a solo artist, in an interview with the roots music magazine No Depression in 2006. “Up until then I was getting as much airplay as Marty Robbins or Ray Price.”Mr. Wiseman’s biggest hits as a solo artist were “The Ballad of Davy Crockett” in 1955 and “Jimmy Brown, the Newsboy” in 1959, both of which reached the Top 10 of the country chart. His other early successes included interpretations of songs like “Love Letters in the Sand,” which had been a No. 1 pop hit for Pat Boone, and “I Wonder How the Old Folks Are at Home,” a parlor favorite recorded by the Carter Family.Mr. Wiseman’s signature song, “ ’Tis Sweet to Be Remembered,” was written in 1902, and his version owed as much to vintage pop and swing music as it did to country or bluegrass. “ ’Tis sweet to be remembered, on a bright or a gloomy day / ’Tis sweet to be remembered, by a dear one far away,” he crooned in a limpid tenor in the song’s waltzing chorus.The record, his first release as a solo artist, was typical of the earnest, reverberating delivery that would sustain him in a seven-decade solo career, in which he released more than 60 albums.Not merely a gifted singer, Mr. Wiseman was also a successful music producer and entrepreneur. He was the founding secretary of the board of the Country Music Foundation in 1958. Before that he spent four years as the creative director of the West Coast office of Dot Records. He also managed the WWVA Jamboree, a weekly barn dance and radio broadcast in Wheeling, W.Va., from 1966 to 1970.Despite feeling hemmed in by the bluegrass label, Mr. Wiseman was elected to the International Bluegrass Music Association’s Hall of Fame in 1993 and was for decades regarded as one of the idiom’s elder statesmen.Robert Shelton of The New York Times, reviewing an appearance by Mr. Wiseman at Carnegie Hall in 1962, wrote that he “used the penetrating, driving idiom of the bluegrass vocal leader in a most winning fashion.” Sharing the bill that evening were Mother Maybelle Carter, Johnny Cash and other popular country and bluegrass entertainers.Malcolm Bell Wiseman was born on May 23, 1925, in Crimora, Va., in the foothills of the Shenandoah Mountains. His parents, Howard Bell Wiseman, a miller, and Myra Ruth (Humphreys) Wiseman, oversaw a musical household; Mac first performed in public as an adolescent.Afflicted with polio at a young age, he went on to win a scholarship from the National Foundation for Polio to study piano, music theory and radio broadcasting at a conservatory in Dayton, Va., in the northwest part of the state.In 1946, after a brief stint as a singer and disc jockey in nearby Harrisonburg, Va., the young Mr. Wiseman moved to Knoxville, Tenn., to work as a harmony vocalist and upright bass player for the country singer Molly O’Day. He appeared both on her popular radio show and on the recordings she made for Columbia that year.In 1947 he began performing on WCYB in Bristol, Va., where he met Lester Flatt. A friendship ensued, and Mr. Wiseman joined the first edition of Flatt & Scruggs’s Foggy Mountain Boys in 1948, with Flatt on guitar and Scruggs on banjo. After that apprenticeship and his subsequent time in Bill Monroe’s band, he formed his own group, the Country Boys, who headlined the Old Dominion Barn Dance in Richmond, Va., from 1953 to 1956. He reunited with Flatt to record three albums for RCA Records in the early 1970s.Mr. Wiseman recorded for Capitol, MGM and a number of other labels after leaving Dot in 1963, creating versions of songs as varied as the New Orleans rhythm-and-blues standard “I Hear You Knockin’ ” and Fleetwood Mac’s “Never Going Back Again.” He performed in venues of all stripes, from college campuses and bluegrass band shells to the Hollywood Bowl.Mr. Wiseman hosted an annual bluegrass festival in Renfro Valley, Ky., from 1970 to 1983. He received a National Heritage Fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts in 2008.Survivors include two sons, Scott and Randy; three daughters, Maxine Wiseman, Chris Haynes and Linda Parr; a brother, Kenny; a sister, Virginia Davis; three grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.Mr. Wiseman was a harbinger of a crossover sensibility in bluegrass, as later heard in the repertoires of artists like the Dillards and Alison Krauss. He recorded with everyone from the big-band leader Woody Herman to the folk iconoclast John Prine. Emotional resonance, rather than the constraints of a particular genre, was his guiding principle when selecting collaborators and material.“I liked all kinds of music,” Mr. Wiseman said in 2006, reflecting on his years growing up in the music-steeped Shenandoah Valley. “I liked Bing Crosby and Montana Slim, and the reason that I mention those two is that they both had network radio shows, two 15-minute programs in the morning, back to back out of New York, when I was 8, 9 years old — and it just struck me that I liked one as well as the other.”SAN FRANCISCO — Pinterest is preparing for its debut on Wall Street with a claim that few other “unicorn” start-ups can make: It is not a financial sinkhole.While the company is unprofitable, according to an offering prospectus made public on Friday, its losses are nowhere near as high as those of other well-known start-ups like Uber and Lyft, which are also getting ready to list their shares. That makes Pinterest — which lets people create digital “pin boards” — one of the rarer unicorns, a term applied to start-ups valued at more than $1 billion by private market investors.The deep losses afflicting many high-profile start-ups have cast investor doubts on the herd of companies that are stampeding toward the public market. Lyft recently revealed that it lost $911.3 million last year. Uber previously disclosed that it lost $842 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 alone. PagerDuty, a software start-up valued at $1.3 billion that also filed to go public this week, said in its prospectus that it was losing money. Only Zoom, a video conferencing company last valued at $1 billion, showed that it was making money, in an offering prospectus it filed on Friday.Pinterest’s filing reported that the company had lost $63 million in 2018. But that was much narrower than a year earlier, when it lost $138 million.At the same time, Pinterest is growing quickly. The company’s revenue, which came from advertising, totaled $756 million last year, up 60 percent from a year earlier. It listed a cash stockpile of $628 million.Pinterest also said in the filing that it had 265 million monthly active users in the fourth quarter of 2018, compared with 216 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. Its number of users has grown steadily over the last two years, particularly as people outside the United States have begun to gravitate to its service.In its prospectus, Pinterest called itself “a productivity tool for planning your dreams.” The San Francisco company emphasized the visual, image-driven nature of its product, as well as its ability to capture people’s intent to buy things related to their pins. It said its mission was to “bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love.”The document provides the first detailed look at Pinterest’s balance sheet. The company confidentially filed to go public in February, with Goldman Sachs, J. P. Morgan and Allen & Company underwriting the offering. It plans to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol PINS.The filing did not say how much money Pinterest hopes to raise in the offering and did not specify potential share prices. Private market investors, who have poured around $1.5 billion into the company, last valued it at $12 billion. Its largest shareholders include Bessemer Venture Partners, FirstMark Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, Fidelity Investments and Valiant Capital Management, according to the filing.In a move that has become common among tech firms, Pinterest plans to divide its stock into two classes, giving its founders, top executives, employees and directors 20 votes per share. New investors will get one vote per share.Because Pinterest makes money from online advertising, it is a competitor to Facebook, Instagram, Amazon, Google, Twitter and Snap. In its prospectus, Pinterest listed those companies as competitors, as well as Allrecipes, a recipe website; Houzz, a home-improvement website; and Tastemade, a cooking content company.Some rivals are not increasing their revenue as quickly as Pinterest, said Kathleen Smith, a principal at Renaissance Capital, a manager of exchange-traded funds for I.P.O.s.“Like Snap, Pinterest is in the cross hairs of Facebook, and Facebook has always fought a nasty battle against Snap by copying everything it did,” she said, adding that anyone evaluating Pinterest’s stock should consider that competitive threat.Pinterest was started in Silicon Valley by Ben Silbermann, the company’s chief executive; Evan Sharp; and Paul Sciarra. Mr. Silbermann, 36, previously worked at Google. Pinterest grew out of Cold Brew Labs, a tech incubator founded by the three men in 2008.Although many unicorns made rapid growth their top priority, Mr. Silbermann favored what he calls “quality growth.” That meant he tried to build Pinterest slowly and steadily, even as its growth started to soar in 2011. “Pinners,” as users are known, essentially used Pinterest to create collagelike mood boards that expressed their aspirations.Today, pinners pin activities such as what they wear or what they are making for dinner, as well as ideas for remodeling a home or their wedding, or passions like bookmarking and other craft projects.Mr. Silbermann also deliberately took several years before turning Pinterest into a moneymaking enterprise. In 2014, the company began selling ads. For a spell, its growth appeared to be slowing and it lost executives, until Mr. Silbermann brought in a new chief operating officer, Francoise Brougher, and a new head of sales, Jon Kaplan, both formerly of Google.Unlike many of its social media peers, Pinterest has mostly avoided the proliferation of conspiracy theory and extremist content on its platform, moving quickly to tamp down on such content when it has bubbled up. In February, Pinterest began removing search results for anything related to vaccines in an attempt to stop anti-vaccination memes from spreading across the site.In contrast to many hard-charging and brash tech chief executives, Mr. Silbermann has kept a low profile. He rarely sat for glossy magazine covers or showed up at tech industry conferences. At one point, Pinterest was called an “anti-unicorn” because of how it shied from the spotlight. The timing of the unveiling of its prospectus — late on a Friday afternoon — was also in keeping with Mr. Silbermann’s style.Despite Mr. Silbermann’s low profile, the I.P.O. is expected to generate lots of attention from investors and market observers. “Significant revenue growth and popularity among users is going to be a pretty good recipe for — at a minimum — creating significant buzz around an IPO,” said Barrett Daniels, a partner at Deloitte who focuses on I.P.O. advisory work.Mr. Silbermann also avoided another trapping of tech founders with the prospectus: He did not publish a founder’s letter on Friday to carry on about his company’s mission and history, something that had become de rigueur among other entrepreneurs.Before the catastrophic Camp Fire destroyed Paradise, Calif., the Pacific Gas and Electric Company was worth more than $25 billion. Now its C.E.O. has stepped down and the company, which provides natural gas and electricity to 16 million people in California, has filed for bankruptcy as it confronts billions of dollars in potential liability claims following recent wildfires. It is perhaps not the first bankruptcy in which the changing climate played a role, but it is almost certainly the largest. And no doubt, it won’t be the last.Of course, it’s not easy to attribute any particular event to climate change, and it will take time to sort out all of the causes of the Camp Fire last November, add up the damages and assess liability. Last week, in a small bit of good news for the company, the state concluded that PG&E was not responsible for the 2017 Tubbs Fire in Sonoma County that burned nearly 37,000 acres, destroyed more than 5,600 buildings and left 22 dead. But the company says it still faces “extensive litigation, significant potential liabilities and a deteriorating financial situation” following the “devastating and unprecedented wildfires of 2017 and 2018.”Many fires in recent years have been caused by downed power lines. And even though the company took wildfires seriously and had a broad plan to protect equipment and trim branches — pruning or removing as many as 1.4 million trees a year — it wasn’t enough. The fires pushed the company over the edge.One message of the bankruptcy is that climate change is already creating calamitous conditions. As PG&E put it recently, “California faces an ever-increasing threat from catastrophic wildfires, extreme weather and higher temperatures.” In a statement, the company noted that the state’s most recent climate assessment “found the average area burned statewide would increase 77 percent if greenhouse gas emissions continue to rise” and that “prolonged drought and higher temperatures will triple the frequency of wildfires.”This means that electric utilities, in particular, and other businesses more generally have to rethink how they prepare for dangerous fire conditions and other impacts of climate change. These impacts are only growing. The thousand-year flood is now a regular event. The future will also bring further sea level rise, stronger hurricanes, storm surges, droughts, heat waves and wildfires beyond historical precedent. PG&E has noted that more than half of the company’s vast service area of 70,000 square miles is now considered to be in “extreme or high fire-risk areas.” No doubt much of the considerable cost of girding against these conditions will fall on rate payers.So what should electric utilities threatened by the potential for wildfires do? It may require better protecting grid infrastructure and being more prepared to shut off power when wildfire risk is especially high. Homeowners and businesses must be prepared when the grid is turned off and will require backup sources of electricity for critical needs.But utilities aren’t alone in facing climate threats. For transportation companies, for example, it may require hardening infrastructure like port facilities or rail lines to protect them from floods or fires. Fossil fuel companies may be forced to deal with stranded assets like oil fields and coal seams that have been bought but won’t be developed as society moves away from coal and oil. For others, like insurance companies, it may provide business opportunities. And for many entrepreneurs it may lead to completely new products and services.Risk managers at these companies will need to consider scenarios that have never happened before. Investors will need to assess the climate risks embedded in their portfolios and must demand greater transparency from the managers of the companies that they own.However, for society at large, and the government in particular, the most important and urgent action required is to minimize future warming by creating appropriate global incentives to reduce carbon dioxide emissions from burning fossil fuels. Economists generally agree that rather than regulate behavior, it is more effective to allow individuals to choose their actions, as long as the prices appropriately reflect the costs, including the risks posed by climate change.To date prices of energy have not reflected the risk of future climate damages. This is a stupid mistake and has resulted in too much climate risk. Not pricing climate risk is a bug in the tax code. It can be easily and quickly fixed.Taxes are not popular in general, and with the president and most Republicans opposed to climate action, many political observers are pessimistic that a federal carbon tax can be passed anytime soon. But some ideas, such as the Baker-Shultz carbon dividend plan, which would return all carbon tax revenue to taxpayers, do have some bipartisan support.But time is not on our side. Even if we take immediate action now to appropriately price emissions, it will take decades to reach a net carbon neutral world, and in the meantime the planet will continue warming. So we’ll also need to harden infrastructure, change building codes, protect fragile ecosystems and make farming and lifestyle choices that are compatible with the climate changes that will be occurring around us. We will also need to confront the very unequal impacts on people in this country and around the planet.And while sadly these actions are all costs that will grow over time, the unfortunate reality is that the longer we wait to act, the greater the bill will be.Bob Litterman is a former head of risk management at Goldman Sachs and is on the board of the Climate Leadership Council, the sponsor of the Baker-Shultz carbon dividend plan.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.South Park, one of Seattle’s dwindling blue-collar pockets, is on the rise. Yet the scruffy, geographically isolated enclave has managed to transform itself without losing its soul to gentrification, causing outsiders — including other Seattleites — to take notice.Situated on the western shore of the Duwamish River in a hard-to-reach corner of the city, South Park has turned its relative remoteness and affordability into an advantage, attracting creative entrepreneurs who otherwise might not be able to set up shop in one of the nation’s fastest growing cities. (Rents are cheaper here.)A hip wine shop, a brewery and a handful of new restaurants and bars greet interlopers who cross the neighborhood’s main artery to mainland Seattle, the South Park Bridge.Home to several Boeing operations and a slew of fabricators and machine shops, the heavily industrial neighborhood was considered one of Seattle’s grittier areas for decades — when it was even considered at all. Things began to percolate a bit about a decade ago with the opening of Loretta’s Northwesterner, a tavern known for its burgers, but suffered a setback when the South Park Bridge was closed for a four-year repair.Now, though, with the bridge’s reopening in 2014, South Park has seen a revitalization that has not yet brought on full-bore gentrification. Industry remains prominent in the area, protected by zoning and geographic forces, including being hemmed in by the river and a phalanx of highways.“Perhaps the upside of being located farther afield is that a close-knit community’s been formed that’s flown relatively under the radar — and thus been less susceptible — to gentrifying forces,” said Cynthia Brothers, the founder of Vanishing Seattle, her one-woman organization that documents endangered small businesses and cultural institutions on Instagram and other mediums.Sharing that view is Coté Soerens, a Chilean immigrant, who in 2018 opened Resistencia Coffee with her husband, Tim, in the heart of the neighborhood where they live with their two young sons.“If everything is too polished and finished, it’s super boring,” Ms. Soerens said. South Park also appealed to Dan Slemko, who moved to the neighborhood in 1997. The 60-year-old former Boeing employee owns a waterfront home on the Duwamish River, which sounds sexier than it is. Seattle is a city known for its pristine waterways, but the Duwamish was so polluted that it was declared a Superfund site in 2001. It’s a working river in a working-class neighborhood. It’s slowly getting cleaner, as is South Park.Shortly after Mr. Slemko got his last box unpacked, he drove to the now-defunct County Line, a raucous saloon near the South Park Bridge, and promptly got his headlights smashed out.Many neighborhoods would perhaps enlist law enforcement to deal with such an establishment. But not South Park: According to Loretta’s owner Scott Horrell, a group of residents instead designated a night to drink together at The County Line — to meet the rabble rousers on their own turf rather than calling the authorities.Such is the welcoming spirit of South Park in a city that in recent years has been dynamically changed by population growth, with many newcomers reshaping Seattle.When the bridge closed in 2010, South Park became even more choked off from the rest of the city (there are alternative access points, but they’re few and mostly intricate), which had an effect that surprised and encouraged Mr. Horrell.“The bridge closure was terrifying, but it turned us into an island. It solidified us and our regulars. They were trapped,” said Mr. Horrell, a physically imposing former trucker who became South Park’s foremost beer and burger proprietor — as well as a resident.Since the bridge reopened in 2014 — and especially since new restaurants and watering holes opened near South Park’s main intersection of 14th Ave. S. and S. Cloverdale St.— Seattleites are increasingly seeking South Park out. And because of skyrocketing housing costs in Seattle, younger residents are increasingly buying homes in South Park, a genuinely diverse neighborhood with a lush community garden called Marra Farm.Campbell Scarborough and his wife, Katie Escudero, moved to Seattle from Los Angeles, and bought a modern home in South Park four years ago. South Park reminds Ms. Escudero of Los Angeles’s Echo Park neighborhood, while Mr. Scarborough considered it a “no-brainer” in 2017 to open Left Bank, South Park’s oldest wine shop — because it’s the only one — at the intersection of 14th and Cloverdale.The couple sells modestly priced European wines out of a space so small that “you can’t really come here and have an intimate conversation,” Mr. Scarborough explained. Patrons bring their own vinyl albums to spin on the shop’s stereo on Tuesdays, and the owners keep Rainier beer on tap just so Mr. Slemko, a cheap-beer aficionado known to locals as “River Dan,” feels right at home when he swings by each night.Mr. Slemko is well known for his parties. His Fourth of July bash — replete with fireworks and live music — reportedly rivals the region’s officially sanctioned celebrations.“I’ve been to enough of his parties to be immune to the noise. And if you don’t like it, it’ll be over in a few hours,” said Dave Wilkinson, who owns a house down the street from Mr. Slemko’s.Central to South Park’s transformation has been Mr. Horrell’s business partner, John Bennett, who has developed a knack for scooping up old buildings in hardscrabble neighborhoods like South Park and nearby Georgetown, and subsequently resisting the urge to replace them with shiny new condominiums.One of Mr. Bennett’s tenants at 14th and Cloverdale, Corina Luckenbach, operates a former ballroom and billiards parlor called South Park Hall, which is now a multiuse space that has everything from square-dance potlucks and Jazzercise classes to karaoke brunches.Ms. Luckenbach said Mr. Bennett’s ethos is to “rent to people who are struggling to pay the rent.”Risk-taking and an all-in mentality ensue. “Most of the people I know who open these places use every dime they have,” said Mr. Horrell, who counts himself among that flock.In June 2017, Ms. Soerens and her husband, Tim, nearly died in an automobile accident after getting struck by a drunken driver in Mexico while celebrating their 10th wedding anniversary. One year later, they opened their coffee shop, Resistencia, near the intersection of 14th and Cloverdale, and business has been brisk.The Soerenses live near the community garden, Marra Farm, and positioned a pair of hospital beds in their living room during their recovery from the crash. For three months, Ms. Soerens said neighbors brought meals, cared for the couple’s sons, walked their dog, and otherwise caught up with one another.It was immensely helpful, exhausting and exhilarating — and served to cement the couple’s commitment to their tight-knit community.52 PLACES AND MUCH, MUCH MORE Follow our 52 Places traveler, Sebastian Modak, on Instagram as he travels the world, and discover more Travel coverage by following us on Twitter and Facebook. And sign up for our Travel Dispatch newsletter: Each week you’ll receive tips on traveling smarter, stories on hot destinations and access to photos from all over the world.Every Monday, the chef Daniela Mass shows up at Beth Fisher’s Upper East Side apartment with grocery bags full of ingredients like spaghetti squash, salmon, sweet potatoes and Swiss chard. In the Fishers’ kitchen, she prepares three four-person meals for Ms. Fisher and her husband, along with snacks. The weekly cost for a visit by Eat Well Food by Daniela, Ms. Mass’s service, is $300.Ms. Fisher, 56, who is a marketing executive, also works with Laura Solin-Valdina, the owner of the wardrobe makeover company NYCStylist. For the past year, Ms. Solin-Valdina has organized and curated Ms. Fisher’s outfits at the rate of $350 per hour (with a 20-hour minimum).“She cleaned out my closet, updated my wardrobe and brought 10 department stores to my apartment,” Ms. Fisher said. “It was rack upon rack of clothing. It was transformative.”Ms. Fisher is trading time for money, and she is part of a growing number of people who invite human service providers into their homes to help them with time-consuming, errand-like tasks that require skill and focus. “I don’t want to spend my time shopping online or at the stores,” she said. “I would rather spend time connecting with family, staying fit, or reading. Having someone shop for you whether it’s clothing or food is very efficient and cost effective. And both do a better job than I could.”Many people in the city joke that what makes them real New Yorkers is that they never leave their apartments unless they have to. It’s getting easier to do just that, especially for those with money.Once the province of the ultra rich, employing an array of personal helpers has begun to filter into everyday life for many New Yorkers of means.Grocery and meal delivery services like FreshDirect, Amazon Fresh and Seamless have become all but normalized in much of the city. But bespoke house calls are a different beast altogether, delivering actual people to perform actual services. These can include massages, yoga classes, facials, hair treatments, manicures, blowouts, makeup sessions or even time with a professional cuddler.“At home they’re not fighting with the masses; my clients don’t want to wait to see a size or color, or interface with a sales person who is going to upsell them,” Ms. Solin-Valdina said. “When we do our fittings, we have a tailor on hand, and fit clients in their home, with their lighting, so they don’t see the harsh lighting of the store’s dressing room.”Marie Douat is a shirt designer who often makes house calls before or after typical office hours, between 7 and 9 a.m. or 6 and 10:30 p.m.“My customers work a lot. They want a different experience,” said Ms. Douat, who owns DOU.K, the company behind the custom shirts. Her clients are lawyers, financers and entrepreneurs who spend between $300 and $900 on a single shirt. Last year she had 50 customers. Within the first three months of this year, she has already surpassed that number.“They like that I’m just focusing on them and talking about their life, that there isn’t another customer,” Ms. Douat said. “Then they can go back to work once I leave.”To be sure, these services are still a luxury; they are not exactly mainstream. Many busy urbanites who have bigger budgets than windows of free time are rethinking how they want to use that time, said Dr. Pam Rutledge, director of the Media Psychology Research Center, in Newport Beach, Calif. “The only way to get more time is to be intentional about how we use it, which is what people are doing.”Privacy in the age of transparency is also a factor, said Ellis Monk, assistant professor of sociology at Harvard University. “There’s this idea in the age of social media that privacy has become a rare commodity,” he said. By purchasing at-home services, “they are buying privacy and exclusivity simultaneously.”They are also buying human contact. Carried Away Chefs charges $500 for a cook to prepare three four-person meals in a client’s home. But last year, the company added a stay-and-serve offering, where for a $200 surcharge chefs remain in the home to present the meals. The feature has proved popular; it has increased revenue by 20 percent, said Kate Homes, founder and chief executive of the company.In-home services “dovetail really well with New Yorkers who have to negotiate everything — subways, taxis, people. We all dream of having everything done for us,” said Don Grant, a media psychologist and addiction specialist.And although Dr. Grant may not make house calls, other mental health experts do (at a steep price, of course). House Call Psychiatrists is a network of board-certified and licensed psychiatrists in Manhattan who, for $1,500 an hour ($2,000 on evenings and weekends), will send one of their professionals to your home, office or hotel room. Its clientele is a mixture of high-risk patients and wealthy individuals who prefer to stay put in their homes.But convenience comes not with just a price tag but a social cost, too.“These can absolutely have a negative impact on our sense of connection with others,” Dr. Grant said of constant home visits and services. “There’s a loss of value of community. We are social animals,” he continued, who have become “disengaged and have lost the art of small talk.”Dr. Rutledge shared some concerns as well. “If you have tendencies to be a hermit, you can support all this by cutting back on the interactions that give you discomfort,” she explained, replacing many of them with house call or delivery services.But tell that to a busy, overextended New Yorker with Greta Garbo-esque sensibilities, especially when the results are positive. Ms. Fisher, for example, has a whole new wardrobe to show off the 20 pounds she’s lost, which she attributes to having hired her at-home team.“Having a stylist is like a having a shrink or doctor, but is a lot more fun,” Ms. Fisher said. “It’s a treat and an indulgence, but I’ve still accomplished something that adds value and another dimension to my life.”Meanwhile, in an old-fashioned but nonetheless dramatic turn of events on the Upper East Side, the members of the Bolster family have actually been eating the same meal — at the same time — since hiring the services of Carried Away Chefs.“Most nights we are four people ordering from four different restaurants,” said Brian Bolster, 47, a married father of two teenagers, who works in finance. “The joke used to be: You know it’s dinner time when you hear a knock at the back door.” For the past month, instead of myriad takeout orders, the family has used a personal chef, which has had a unifying effect on them.The togetherness is even happening with leftovers. “My daughter texted last week and said she and her brother just heated up the prepared food and ate it together. I don’t know the last time they did that. I’m still trying to picture what that looks like in my head.”DAVOS, Switzerland — Ever since President Xi Jinping of China unveiled the Belt and Road Initiative in 2013 to link the economies of Asia, Europe and Africa with highways, rail lines and power plants, Beijing has promoted the program as a centerpiece of its foreign policy.But China has turned down the volume on its plan, even though it still appears to be moving forward. Spending on the initiative also fell somewhat last year, as the broader Chinese economy slowed.Various senior Chinese government officials are at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, including Vice President Wang Qishan, who is to speak on Wednesday. None of them, though, participated in a panel during one of the forum’s most prominent time slots Tuesday that was focused on the Belt and Road Initiative and billed as a review of “China’s trillion-dollar vision.”Instead, the vice chairman of a government-linked trade association and the chairman of a state-owned business spoke cautiously about the initiative.Except for a long-scheduled meeting with African leaders in Beijing in September, top Chinese officials have said fairly little about the Belt and Road program since last summer. The initiative has been plagued by allegations of corruption, overspending on vanity projects, excessive debt and other problems in countries like Malaysia, Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Uganda.The panel on Tuesday seemed like an opportunity to recast the initiative’s image to a crowd stacked with government leaders and tycoons from developing countries, many of which have borrowed heavily from Chinese financial institutions to build infrastructure as part of the program.But China took a different tack. Xu Niansha, the chairman of the state-owned China Poly Group, apologized for not having many statistics about the program, a rare occurrence given that Chinese corporate or government officials often lard their speeches and discussions with numbers.Speaking in general terms, Mr. Xu said China’s rapid economic growth in recent decades had put it in a better position than many countries to foster economic development elsewhere. “We do know what people need,” he said. “That is why I think we can do a better job in cooperation.”The most recently available data from China’s commerce ministry shows that the value of newly signed contracts under the Belt and Road Initiative fell 20.4 percent in the first 11 months of last year compared with the same period in 2017. Almost all of these contracts are financed by state-owned Chinese financial institutions.(Frank Ning, the chairman of the Chinese chemical giant Sinochem, said during a different panel that there was a new awareness in China about worries outside the country over how its businesses make overseas investments. “I think the Chinese are quite confused, they thought they would be welcome in other countries,” he said.)The Belt and Road discussion was moderated by Tian Wei, a well-known anchor for the state-run China Global Television Network, making the absence of Chinese government officials, who typically shun panels with foreign moderators known to have criticized China, somewhat surprising.Ms. Tian repeatedly hinted at the resentment felt by some people in China about foreign criticisms of the Belt and Road program, which she said was helping to build roads in developing countries that need them. “Let’s talk about facts, let’s talk about case studies, and let’s talk about the real stories, not just hearsay,” she added.Wang Yongqing, the vice chairman of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, mentioned during the panel that China had helped build an industrial park in Ethiopia that makes leather products. But he and Mr. Xu avoided specifics about the hundreds of Belt and Road infrastructure projects already completed or underway. Critics say Chinese construction companies have moved so quickly partly because they bring in thousands of Chinese workers instead of training locals, and because they arrange special deals with local officials in developing countries that allow them to avoid paying tariffs on machinery that they ship in.Sitting in the audience was Xiao Yaqing, the government minister who oversees state-owned enterprises. Asked to speak by Ms. Tian, he suggested one possible reason for Chinese officials’ caution when he said the Belt and Road push was good for Chinese companies as well as for other countries.There have sometimes been criticisms on Chinese social media, quickly deleted by censors, that Beijing was spending money on overseas development that would be better spent at home, particularly when economic growth is slowing in the country.China has been rethinking two aspects of the initiative: how it decides on overseas spending, and how the initiative is presented to overseas audiences. In September, Mr. Xi promised a further $60 billion for projects in African countries, but he made a point of saying that China would not pay for what he called vanity projects.Nobody thinks Belt and Road is fading away. Mr. Wang, the trade association vice chairman, said China would invite entrepreneurs to events next fall that emphasized business opportunities through the initiative.Among business leaders from countries like India that have been skeptical of the initiative, there are continuing worries that it will keep moving ahead, and leave them behind.“Indian business leaders are concerned that China is building linkages around the world,” Gaurav Dalmia, the chairman of the Indian conglomerate Dalmia Group, said in an interview before the panel talk. “Indian companies may get left out on the resource side.”Abdelaziz Bouteflika, the president of Algeria, on Monday announced in a letter that he would not seek a fifth term as president and called off the presidential elections scheduled on April 18. He explained that a national conference on political and constitutional reform would be held and a new Constitution written and approved by referendum. The stunning development came after mass protests by Algerians since Feb. 22 opposing Mr. Bouteflika’s attempt at re-election. Mr. Bouteflika, who is 82, had a stroke in 2013 and hasn’t addressed his nation in six years. Algerians found his desire to hold on to power absurd and insulting.On Feb. 22 and March 1, I joined the protests in Algiers. I was surrounded by people from every socio-economic background: men and women, seniors in wheelchairs, fathers carrying children on their shoulders. Many carried signs with sharp, subtle and funny catchphrases. Many brought garbage bags to collect the water bottles protesters were carrying; others organized the cleaning of the streets after the demonstrations ended.As we passed by a hospital, the protesters stopped the chanting to avoid disturbing the patients. A little later, they went quiet as we passed a funeral. Each time the procession reached a police barricade, the protesters chanted, “silmiya, silmiya” (peaceful, peaceful) or “cha’b w chorta khawa khawa!” (the police and the people are brothers). I saw police officers bursting into tears and protesters hugging them. It was exhilarating to witness the awakening of the Algerian people.Algeria hasn’t seen such protests since the 1990s; their scale and their peaceful nature surprised many in Algeria and abroad. The protest movement is leaderless and started with ordinary citizens calling upon fellow citizens on social media, especially Facebook. Numerous groups of students, teachers, lawyers, jurists, judges, doctors, public employees and petroleum workers simply came together for the greater common good.Even veterans of Algeria’s war of independence, who have historically been loyal to the regime, joined the protest movement. And several important leaders and parliamentarians, who resigned from the ruling National Liberation Front, marched with the people. Algeria’s opposition parties, which are divided, marginalized or co-opted by the regime and have little credibility, joined the demonstrations but were largely ignored by the protesters.People celebrated joyously in Algiers and other cities after the news came that President Bouteflika would not seek another term in response to the protests, but Algerians are rightly cautious and see it as a first step.The absurdity of Mr. Bouteflika’s candidacy and the cacophony around it stems from the very nature of the state. Beyond the old man, there is a highly complex and opaque power structure composed of overlapping and intricate networks, varied and divergent interests, and fluid and shifting allegiances.The National Liberation Front, the principal nationalist movement, and its military wing, the National Liberation Army, led the war of independence against the French. After independence, the military wing became the country’s army — People’s National Army.The legitimacy derived from the armed struggle against the colonial power gave the army a cardinal position to control power in Algeria. The army identifies itself with the nation and finds it inconceivable to separate itself from the political apparatus. The military leaders see letting elected civilian politicians run the country as endangering the nation.The military rules even if it does not govern. It sits atop a pyramid of power composed by several strata of National Liberation Front apparatchiks, state officials and business tycoons connected by family or regional ties. Since Algeria’s independence in 1962, sadly, nepotism and corruption have remained the core tools of this model of governance.The regime went from being outright authoritarian to a hybrid mix starting in 1995 when it reinstated constitutional processes, but the rulers have maintained their control by tactically using political, economic and constitutional reforms. In 2012, as the Arab Spring shook the region, the government allowed new political parties to register, improved gender representation in the parliament and created a nominally independent electoral commission. The government also introduced greater subsidies, better salaries and easier credit for young people and entrepreneurs. These resources were controlled and selectively distributed.Elections have become routine since 1995, but they are marked by irregularities and are neither entirely fair nor free. A fraction of political participation was permitted after the end of the civil war in 2002. Several opposition groups — nationalists, democrats, independents and even Islamists — were allowed to be part of the political arena, but the state ensured the opposition was marginalized and divided through co-optation. Civil society organizations were also allowed some space for contestation, but the state used repression, co-optation and regulation to ensure they remained fragmented and too weak to challenge the government.The economy was partially liberalized since 1994, and more so under Mr. Bouteflika, but it has largely served the ruling elite and its clients, who were granted generous loans, privileges and custom-made monopolies in return for their loyalty and support.The capacity of the system to react quickly, distribute timely political and economic resources not only helped in boosting its legitimacy but also allowed it to impede mobilization and to defeat any oppositional force.In the past few weeks of protests, the regime struggled to respond. Its lack of responsiveness to the people gave birth to the contestation; its contempt led to a visceral antipathy toward the leadership and a profound crisis of legitimacy.The regime’s old tool of buying social peace by distributing generous handouts using the high oil revenues is no longer available because the country has been facing severe fiscal challenges since the fall in oil prices in 2014. Algeria’s foreign exchanges have shrunk considerably, dropping to $96 billion in 2019 from $194 billion in 2013. Economic growth fell to 2.3 percent in 2018 from 3.8 percent in 2014. Since Mr. Bouteflika is not seeking another term, the regime’s margin to maneuver has increased a bit, but the people seem to believe that the president’s renouncement is a way for his clan to gain time to install a successor close to them.Mr. Bouteflika is abstaining from seeking a fifth term but he is extending the fourth and managing the pseudo-transition that he referred to in his letter. His renouncement is half a victory for Algerians, but the political-military elite and the bureaucracy will continue controlling the state. When another presidential candidate emerges and appeases the demonstrators, he will remain a pure product of a system that has kept Algeria in a state of permanent transition.Dalia Ghanem, an Algerian political analyst, is a resident scholar at the Carnegie Middle East Center in Beirut.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.As Donald Trump was fighting with Congress over the shutdown and funding for a border wall, his administration implemented a new rule that could be a game-changer for health care. Starting this month, hospitals must publicly reveal the contents of their master price lists — called “chargemasters” — online. These are the prices that most patients never notice because their insurers negotiate them down or they appear buried as line items on hospital bills. What has long been shrouded in darkness is now being thrown into the light.For the moment, these lists won’t seem very useful to the average patient — and they have been criticized for that reason. They are often hundreds of pages long, filled with medical codes and abbreviations. Each document is an overwhelming compendium listing a rack rate for every little item a hospital dispenses and every service it performs: A blood test for anemia. The price of lying in the operating suite and recovery room (billed in 15-minute intervals). The scalpel. The drill bit. The bag of IV salt water. The Tylenol pill. No item is too small to be bar coded and charged.But don’t dismiss the lists as useless. Think of them as raw material to be mined for billing transparency and patient rights. For years, these prices have been a tightly guarded industrial secret. When advocates have tried to wrest them free, hospitals have argued that they are proprietary information. And, hospitals claim, these rates are irrelevant, since — after insurers whittle them down — no one actually pays them.Of course, the argument is false, and our wallets know it.First of all, hospitals routinely go after patients without insurance or whose insurer is not in their network. When Wanda Wickizer had a brain hemorrhage in 2013, a Virginia hospital billed her $286,000 after a 20 percent “uninsured” discount on a hospital bill of $357,000 — the list price, according to chargemaster charges. Medicare would have paid less than $100,000 for her treatment.Second, those list prices form the starting point for negotiations, allowing hospitals and insurers to take credit for beneficence, when there is none.I recently received an insurance statement for blood tests that were priced at $788.04; my insurer negotiated a “discount” of $725.35, for an agreed-upon price of $62.69 “to help save you money.” My insurer’s price was around 8 percent of the charge. Since my 10 percent co-payment amounted to $6.27, my insurer happily informed me, “you saved 99 percent.”Not!If a supposedly $1,000 TV is “on sale” for $80, it’s not really a discount. It’s an absurd list price.Just as airlines have been shown to exaggerate flight times so they can boast about on-time arrivals, hospitals set prices crazy high so they can tout their generous discounts (while insurers tout their negotiating prowess).Another rationale for those prices is just plain greed. Dr. Warren Browner, the chief executive of California Pacific Medicine, describes this as the “Saudi Sheikh problem”: “You don’t really want to change your charges if you have a Saudi sheikh come in with a suitcase full of cash who’s going to pay full charges,” he said.But in an era when American patients are expected to be good consumers and are paying more of their bills in the form of co-pays and deductibles, they have a right to the information on list prices. They have a right to make sure they are reasonable.Although making chargemaster pricing public will not, by itself, reform our high-priced medical system, it is an important first step. Maybe, just maybe, a hospital will think twice before charging a $6,000 “operating room fee” for a routine colonoscopy if its competitor down the street is listing its price at $1,000. Making this information public should bring list prices more in line with what is actually paid by an insurer, a far better measure of value.And while the lists are far from user-friendly, researchers and entrepreneurs can now create apps to make it easier for patients to match procedures to their codes and crunch the numbers. With access to list prices on your phone, you could reject the $300 sling in the emergency room and instead order one for one-tenth of the price on Amazon. You could see in advance the $399 rate your hospital charges for each allergen it applies in a skin test and avoid the $48,000 allergy test — with an $8,000 deductible. As a next step, regulators should insist that these prices be easily accessible on hospitals’ home pages — perhaps in the place of “PAY YOUR BILL NOW” — and translated into plain English. Seema Verma, the head of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, has suggested that she may well do so.Patients can help, too: Check out your hospital’s price list. If it’s not detailed or complete enough, demand more. For discrete items, like an M.R.I. of the brain or a vitamin D blood test, take the trouble to scan the chargemaster for the item. Reject an overpriced procedure (even if your insurer is paying the bulk of the bill) and take your business elsewhere.Justice Louis Brandeis famously said, “Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants; electric light the most efficient policeman.” But, in this case, the reform will work only if people take the trouble to look — and to act — now that the lights are turned on.Elisabeth Rosenthal, a former New York Times correspondent, is the editor in chief of Kaiser Health News and the author of “An American Sickness: How Healthcare Became Big Business and How You Can Take It Back.”Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.With a blue marker, Isabella Williams traces an outline of her mother’s hand onto a sheet of construction paper. Their collaborative piece of art could not have been made as effortlessly just a few weeks earlier.Isabella moved in with her mother, Zalika Williams, at the end of November, as part of a trial discharge from the foster care system. Previously, the pair saw each other twice a week during supervised visits.“It’s been a journey,” said Ms. Williams, 29, of Isabella’s return. “It’s been so exciting.”After her birth in early 2016, Isabella was taken from Ms. Williams’s custody by hospital staff because of her mother’s substance abuse. Ms. Williams said she started drinking alcohol and smoking marijuana at 16.“I used to be happier,” Ms. Williams said of her early high school years. “After a while, I wasn’t doing the things that I really wanted to do, that I dreamed I would be doing.”After graduating, she attended Medgar Evers College in Brooklyn for a semester. A certification she received in high school allowed her to find work as a nursing assistant, but she quit after a few years.“I didn’t really think about my future,” Ms. Williams said. “I always thought I would go away to college or something. That was the idea, that things would fall into place, that things would come together. But as I continued into the abuse, it never happened that way.”No matter how much or how often she drank, she never did it alone, which masked the severity of her problem.“I was in with a few different crowds,” Ms. Williams said. “I would spread myself out. If I wasn’t feeling them, I would go to the next crew who would enable me.”Her self-destructive behavior accelerated, and she brushed off the concerns of family members, spending her rent money on partying.“When I would get the urge to go out and drink or use pot, nothing would stop me,” Ms. Williams said.In 2014, a doctor told her she had anxiety and schizophrenia. Ms. Williams met the news with denial, despite experiencing symptoms of each illness: extreme mood swings, panic attacks, even hearing voices. She said she believed alcohol had been the cause. Medication did not help, she believed, so she stopped taking it.But giving birth to and then losing custody of Isabella changed Ms. Williams’s outlook.“I wanted to have a life, I wanted my daughter to have a life,” she said. “I have dreams, I have ambition. It was beginning to dwindle. It was going away.”In late 2016, Ms. Williams admitted herself to Gracie Square Hospital, which offers care for patients with psychiatric disorders. After two months, the hospital connected her to Serendipity II of New York Therapeutic Communities, a residential program for women. Ms. Williams stayed for 22 months.New York Therapeutic Communities is a member agency of F.P.W.A., one of eight organizations supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.At Serendipity, Ms. Williams participated in the Recovery Through Entrepreneurship program, which received a $20,000 grant in Neediest Funds last year. The yearlong program helps those in recovery use entrepreneurial skills to acquire skills in vocational readiness, networking and personal finance.Ms. Williams has been sober for two years, she said.“Just thinking about it makes me emotional, because I don’t ever want to be back there again,” she said. “I don’t want to make excuses to drink or to get high.”In the last couple of years, Ms. Williams returned to college and earned an associate degree in paralegal studies from the Mildred Elley educational organization. She is looking for work and hopes to continue pursuing her education in law. But right now, Ms. Williams has more immediate priorities.“Trying to bond with my daughter is the first thing on my list,” she said.As part of her recovery, she also attends Narcotics Anonymous meetings, and she herself uses the aftercare service at Serendipity. Ms. Williams said she has learned to confront her mental illness head on, diligently taking her medications.“If you don’t get it, it’ll get you,” she said, adding: “The more comfortable I feel about it, the better off I’ll be.”Ms. Williams is candid about her fears of relapsing. There are moments when the lifestyle calls to her, she said. She has tricks to staying the course, like never meeting people at a bar and always having a destination in mind when she leaves home.“You have to have somewhere to go. You have to have a life, a busy life to really do this sobriety thing,” she said.Now that Isabella is home with her in Cypress Hills, Brooklyn, Ms. Williams plans to spend time with her daughter, watching movies, drawing and singing together. “Ring Around the Rosie” is a particular hit. The bonding moments put Ms. Williams’s past in stark contrast.“It’s been a lot of bad days, mostly bad days, just trying to get through those days,” Ms. Williams said. “I saw how bad my life had gotten, and I don’t want to take myself down that road ever again.”Good morning.(Here’s the sign-up, if you don’t already get California Today by email.)My colleague Amy Chozick wrote a blockbuster piece about how the Kardashians have become some of the nation’s savviest C.E.O.s. It was particularly notable because she talked to, well, a lot of Kardashians and Jenners. Here Amy tells us about how the story came together:I have to admit — I had never seen an episode of “Keeping Up With the Kardashians” when Choire Sicha, The Times’s styles editor, asked if I wanted to dive into the topic ahead of the 16th season of the show.As a business reporter, I’ve covered media companies as they struggle to adapt to the digital era and retailers as they angle to survive in the Amazon era. It struck me that the Kardashians had cracked the code of monetizing influence in a way that traditional businesses could only hope to do. All this made me fascinated with looking at the women not as the face of a million pouty mirror selfies, but as entrepreneurs redefining what advertising looks like.I said yes to Choire’s assignment, like, obviously.[Read the full story about keeping up with the Kardashian cash flow.]I had anticipated that the Kardashians would have one of those difficult Hollywood publicists who rejects any interview requests that are not from Ryan Seacrest or the “Ellen” show. The five daughters and Kris Jenner had never done an interview like this before. Instead, I found their press operation was more like covering a business.I was shocked to learn a couple days after that initial call that all five daughters and Kris (plus Seacrest, who hatched the idea for the show) agreed to talk to me.Getting the green light was the easy part. Next came wrangling all of their schedules to fit my deadline, at the end of the week.I always like to be a fly on the wall for the story, but the KarJenners and their kids were on spring break so there were no product debuts or press tours for me to observe. But phone interviews gave me something maybe more valuable: a firsthand glimpse into the family’s insane schedules. I was on Kardashian Call for the next seven days. I would get texts — “Kylie can do now. She’s on way to airport” — and emails: “Can we push to tomorrow for Kendall? Prettiest of pleases!” As for Kris: “It will be around 10:15-10:45 depending on when she jumps in the car (smiley face emoji).”I caught Khloe at home right after a workout while her 11-month-old daughter, True, napped. I caught Kim, also at home, right when her husband, Kanye West, was taking their daughter, North, to school. Kourtney, a master at the Instagram reveal, couldn’t say anything about Poosh, the wellness website she was expected to introduce on April 2. After I pushed her a couple of times, she asked me (politely), “Did you have any other questions?”The flurry of phone interviews ranged from over an hour (Kim) to 15 minutes on the way to a Los Angeles airport (Kylie). A 12-person camera crew (already shooting the 17th season) waited for Kris Jenner to hang up with me and step out of the vehicle. I was literally trying to keep up with the Kardashians.[In a rush? Here are highlights from the story.]Other Stories We’re Following(We often link to sites that limit access for nonsubscribers. We appreciate your reading Times stories, but we’d also encourage you to support local news if you can.)• The college admissions bribery scandal highlighted a class divide on campuses around the country. It’s perhaps nowhere more visible than at U.S.C., where some students jet to Bali for spring break and others work overnight shifts to make money for books. [The New York Times] Did this story resonate with you? Do you remember noticing class or wealth differences on your campus? Email us about your experiences at CAtoday@nytimes.com.• Scores of people working at YouTube and Google, its parent company, have raised concerns about its spreading of false and toxic content. Each time, leaders seemed unwilling to engage in discussions about how to fix the problem. [Bloomberg]• Bad news, California residents: We’ve been in a serious earthquake drought for almost five years, and some scientists say it will eventually end — with destructive results. [The Los Angeles Times]Also in California• Pacific Gas & Electric revealed its new chief executive, Bill Johnson, who gained national attention in 2012 when he became chief of Duke Energy for less than a day before he was fired and given a severance worth an estimated $44 million. [The New York Times]• The trial of two men blamed for the deaths of 36 people in the Oakland Ghost Ship fire started this week. The judge barred the defense from using the words “scapegoat” and “cover-up” during opening statements. [East Bay Times]• Some parents — including the actresses Felicity Huffman and Lori Loughlin — who have been charged in connection with the college admissions scandal made their first appearances in a Boston federal court on Wednesday. [The New York Times]•  Mayor London Breed of San Francisco was shouted down at a meeting over a proposed homeless services center that inspired dueling crowdfunding campaigns for and against the project. [The San Francisco Chronicle]• I-980, which effectively splits West Oakland from Uptown, made it into this year’s “Freeways Without Futures,” a list published by the Congress for New Urbanism, which aims to highlight urban highways that divide communities, are falling apart or are otherwise obsolete. [CityLab]• Team Black Car or Team Silver Car? In case you missed this viral Twitter opus about two cars in an hourslong standoff over the same Koreatown parking spot, here’s the local news interview with its author. It was real — and it was spectacular. [ABC7]And Finally …As demand for truffles has grown — think of all the truffle fries, truffle grilled cheese, shaved truffle on tortellini you’ve seen on restaurant menus — and as Northern California produces more of its own luxury fungi, hunters in the region have tapped a new, furry work force to help harvest them.That’s right: According to The San Francisco Chronicle, there is a place in Placerville where a woman named Alana McGee trains dogs to sniff out truffles.While the dogs don’t have to be the Italian breed Lagotto Romagnolo, on the day that a reporter visited Truffle Dog Co., all of the soon-to-be professionally trained truffle hunters were.They’re an Italian breed known for finding wild and farmed truffles in Southern Europe.California Today goes live at 6:30 a.m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com. Were you forwarded this email? Sign up for California Today here.Jill Cowan grew up in Orange County, went to school at U.C. Berkeley and has reported all over the state, including the Bay Area, Bakersfield and Los Angeles — but she always wants to see more. Follow along here or on Twitter, @jillcowan.California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C. Berkeley.The board of Condé Nast announced a new chief executive Thursday, naming Roger J. Lynch to take charge of the century-old publisher of Vogue, Vanity Fair and The New Yorker as the company looks to stem its financial losses and transform itself into a creator for the digital age.Mr. Lynch is an outsider who comes from the worlds of technology, television and finance. Most recently he served as the head of Pandora, the streaming music service that SiriusXM acquired last year. Mr. Lynch and several other Pandora executives stepped down at the end of January.“Condé Nast has really culturally significant and iconic brands,” Mr. Lynch, 56, said in an interview. “That’s why I got interested. I’m really looking forward to it.”He will replace Robert A. Sauerberg Jr., who announced in November that he would step down once his successor had been found. Mr. Sauerberg, who ran the once-plush Condé Nast for less than four years, struggled to turn around the business, which was slow to adapt to digital platforms. The company’s sales declined, like those in the rest of the magazine industry.[Read more about Mr. Sauerberg’s tenure at Condé Nast and his departure.]Mr. Lynch, who is scheduled to start on April 22, will lead both Condé Nast and Condé Nast International. The sibling companies have historically been operated separately, but are being combined to save on costs and streamline much of the business.Before taking the new job, Mr. Lynch will move from San Francisco to New York, where he lived in the 1990s when he was a banker at Morgan Stanley. He will replace Mr. Sauerberg on the four-person Condé Nast board; members also include Jonathan and Steven O. Newhouse, whose family has run the company since 1959, and Thomas Summer, the chief financial officer of Advance Publications, Condé Nast’s Newhouse-owned parent company.Mr. Lynch has his work cut out for him. In 2017, Condé Nast lost more than $120 million, but it narrowed those losses last year after cutting costs through layoffs and increasing revenue from digital video. The company stopped putting out print editions of some of its magazines, including Glamour, and has been seeking buyers for Brides, Golf Digest and W.Steven O. Newhouse, a nephew of the company’s longtime chairman, S. I. Newhouse Jr., who died in 2017, helped lead the search for the new boss. He said the board had settled on Mr. Lynch after more than half a dozen meetings starting in December.“We felt really comfortable dealing with Roger,” Mr. Newhouse said in a brief interview. “His experience dealing with disruption and uncertainty — which in the media business is now the norm — and his entrepreneurial skills gave him a unique skill set.”Mr. Lynch, a veteran of TV and internet businesses, was well compensated at Pandora, receiving roughly $12.7 million in salary, stock awards and bonuses in 2017. After the Pandora sale was announced last year, he declined SiriusXM’s offer for him to stay on. It was around that time that Condé Nast reached out to him.The unorthodox choice came partly at the suggestion of David Remnick, the editor of The New Yorker, according to Mr. Newhouse. A few weeks after the board announced its search, Mr. Remnick sent Mr. Newhouse a list of six names that included Mr. Lynch.Mr. Remnick has become something of a talent scout at Condé Nast. He also recruited Radhika Jones in 2017 when Vanity Fair was on the search for a new editor following the departure of its longtime leader Graydon Carter.There was no aha moment in choosing Mr. Lynch, according to Jonathan Newhouse, a cousin of the company’s late patriarch who has directed its international operations since 1991 and was recently named the chairman of the board. “And that was good,” he said. “We didn’t want someone who was flashy. This was a rational process, and it took a lot of meetings.”He added, “My role now is to support Roger as he takes on this responsibility, which he’s so superbly qualified to carry out.”Mr. Lynch, a Virginia native who has bounced around the globe running businesses and start-ups, mostly in the tech industry, spent a large portion of his career at Dish, the satellite TV service. There, he ran the streaming service Sling, the first product to replicate a bundle of cable and network channels on a digital platform.His experience in television and streaming could help Condé Nast amplify its digital video business, which has become a major source of revenue for the publisher.“I definitely see that as part of the future,” Mr. Lynch said. “It’s very expensive to produce, but it’s also very lucrative.”The larger challenge, as he sees it, is to find ways for the company to tap into the areas where audiences have flocked.“It’s not fruitful to try to use logic to predict how consumers will behave,” he said. “It’s much more fruitful to see how they behave and adapt your business models to that.”That is likely to mean trying new ventures and exploiting some of the company’s more successful digital efforts. Aside from online video, Vogue China has become a moneymaker for the company, thanks to its robust presence on the Chinese mobile app WeChat, which can be thought of as a combination of Facebook, Twitter, Amazon and Google.Altogether, the company’s international business has become a bright spot, generating $50 million in profit for 2017, largely in Asia. The United States and European arms still incur losses.In addition to his turnaround effort at Pandora, Mr. Lynch helped take Mark Cuban’s internet company Broadcast.com public more than 20 years ago, during his days as a Morgan Stanley banker. The deal eventually made a billionaire out of Mr. Cuban, who is now known as the owner of the Dallas Mavericks basketball franchise and as a panelist on the reality show “Shark Tank.”“He reminds me of that all the time,” Mr. Lynch said. “Internet valuations were hard to understand or rationalize at the time. I think the first day the stock tripled.”Mr. Lynch also has a hobby: He plays lead guitar in a classic-rock cover band, the Merger. Other band members are also chief executives, he said, and the group has played charity events and once opened for Lady Antebellum.His past work as a deal maker may raise eyebrows at 1 World Trade Center, the United States headquarters of Condé Nast, but he said a sale of the business was not on the agenda.“I’m not going into this expecting that to happen,” Mr. Lynch said. “The family has owned it for decades, and I expect it to stay that way. That’s part of the appeal. I wouldn’t have taken this job otherwise.”Good morning.(If you don’t already get California Today by email,  the sign-up.)Listen to Nipsey Hussle talk about why he partnered with Fatburger on special uniforms for its Crenshaw store back in 2014, and you’ll start to get a sense of why the rapper was not only beloved as an artist, but also respected as an entrepreneur in the South Los Angeles community where he grew up.Sure, he’s backing a product, but only because he really loves it.“We had an idea to co-brand the Crenshaw collection for The Marathon Clothing with the Fatburger Logo, and it was just something organic and natural, ” he told MTV in a video at the time. “The Fatburger logo, it’s like the Hollywood sign or it’s like something: You come to L.A. and you think Los Angeles. We didn’t want to get in the way of that.”He gestured to his black T-shirt, the big yellow and red Fatburger logo tagged with, “Crenshaw,” in smaller blue script underneath.Nipsey Hussle, born Ermias Joseph Asghedom, was gunned down Sunday afternoon, in front of the Marathon Clothing store he co-owned near that Fatburger. His death prompted an outpouring of grief. On Tuesday, a suspect was arrested.[Read more about the latest in the case.]Marqueece Harris-Dawson, a Los Angeles city councilman who worked with Nipsey Hussle on the Destination Crenshaw project, told me he first met him in 2013, at a rally against gun violence.“It was 8 in the morning at Crenshaw High School,” Mr. Harris-Dawson said. “And here was this guy who I knew had a show the night before. He was there with his daughter.”Mr. Harris-Dawson said that tireless work ethic would be his legacy.“Energy never dies,” he said. “We might’ve lost the body, we might’ve lost the person, but we don’t lose the energy.”The Fatburger chain was founded by Lovie Yancey in South L.A. in 1952, and has been referenced by rappers over the years — most famously in Ice Cube’s love letter to a perfect 24 hours, “It Was a Good Day.”Mark Webster, who is now the Fatburger food truck franchisee, said he first approached Nipsey Hussle’s brother about working together when he realized the Crenshaw outpost and Marathon Clothing were going to be neighbors. “I thought there’s an opportunity here,” Mr. Webster said. “And I think there was a snowball effect thereafter.”[Read about how the neighborhood mourned Nipsey Hussle.]Karen Civil, the chief marketing officer of the Marathon Agency, was part of Nipsey Hussle’s team at the time. She told me, her voice breaking, that the partnership exemplified the way he hoped to attract business to an area that might be dismissed as unsafe for an afternoon out.“Nipsey’s goal was to make that strip mall feel like you were on Fairfax,” she said. “He wanted people to understand the importance of this urban environment and not feel like, ‘I have to shop somewhere else.’”He threw his full weight behind the branding, although the end result was subtle.“He wanted to keep the elements of what Fatburger was, but added the small element,” Ms. Civil said. “So people still identified it, like, ‘Oh, snap, you got the Crenshaw on there.’”It made the Fatburger and — by extension, Crenshaw — feel like a destination.At the grand opening in May 2014, a line wound around the block, Mr. Webster said. Nipsey Hussle kissed babies and took selfies.“This wasn’t a generic marketing play,” he said. “It was something that was very authentic and hit home.”Mr. Webster said the Fatburger truck will always have Nipsey Hussle’s burger — with Swiss cheese, relish, fresh onions and mustard — on the menu.He calls it the Hussleburger.[Russell Westbrook dedicated his “20-20-20” triple-double to Nipsey Hussle.]Here’s what else we’re following(We often link to sites that limit access for nonsubscribers. We appreciate your reading Times stories, but we’d also encourage you to support local news if you can.)• President Trump has called for closing the border. That, experts say, would paralyze the economy, causing food shortages and skyrocketing prices for goods — and not just avocados. [The New York Times]• Senator Kamala Harris’s campaign raised $12 million in the first couple months of her run for president. That’s expected to send her into the top tier of candidates, financially speaking. [The New York Times]• Sacramento teachers announced that they’ll strike on April 11. The walkout will affect 40,000 students in the Sacramento City Unified School District and comes after educators around the state have protested what they describe as disinvestment in public schools. [The Sacramento Bee]• California women as a group make 89 percent of what men make. Jennifer Siebel Newsom, the state’s first partner, hopes to change that. [The San Francisco Chronicle]• A contractor working on a condo tower in New York’s financial district has sued its developer, claiming that the 58-story building, like the Millennium Tower in San Francisco, is leaning. [Commercial Observer]• The reconstructed Oroville Dam spillway was used on Tuesday for the first time in more than two years. [Chico Enterprise-Record]• Tax collections from Mammoth Lakes’s tourist economy have exceeded $3 million this year, a local record spurred by lots and lots of snow. [KQED]• Cesar Chavez Day was this week. Here’s a look at the labor leader’s complex legacy. [NBC News]Palate cleansers• The Bay Area has no shortage of great views. Here’s a neat interactive to help you find out which vistas are the best — and contribute your own. [The San Francisco Chronicle]• Soon after The Times’s film critic Manohla Dargis met Agnès Varda, she drove her to the Hollywood police station. That was a decade ago, and now Ms. Dargis wrote, it feels impossible that the iconic feminist auteur is dead. [The New York Times]• Wild Rivers, the sprawling water park that played host to so many middle school dates and wedgies, is eyeing a return to Irvine, this time at the Great Park. It closed in 2011 after a 25-year run. [The Orange County Register]California Today goes live at 6:30 a.m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com. Were you forwarded this email? Sign up for California Today here.Jill Cowan grew up in Orange County, went to school at U.C. Berkeley and has reported all over the state, including the Bay Area, Bakersfield and Los Angeles — but she always wants to see more. Follow along here or on Twitter, @jillcowan.California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C. Berkeley.Good morning.(Here’s the sign-up, if you don’t already get it by email.)It’s a grim conundrum plaguing communities throughout the state: Everyone agrees that homelessness is a problem and that shelters and service centers would help get people off the streets. But other residents say they don’t want such facilities to be built anywhere near them.A version of this problem has sprung up in San Francisco — and, because it’s San Francisco, it’s been heightened by the influence of tech money. My colleague Mike Isaac, who covers tech, wrote about the fight:It began as a disagreement between homeowners and the city.By late last week, that disagreement swelled into a full-fledged battle between groups of San Francisco residents over what to do with a center intended to provide shelter and resources for the homeless.The debate is centered around a plan by Mayor London Breed, who has proposed the city should erect a Navigation Center for the homeless on a stretch of vacant land near the city shoreline.The center, which would offer roughly 225 beds and other resources to the homeless, would be situated at Seawall Lot 330, a 2.3 acre parcel currently being used as a parking lot, sitting off the Embarcadero near the Bay Bridge.But a group of homeowners in nearby luxury apartments aren’t having it. Residents in the Rincon Hill and SOMA areas have banded together to oppose the Navigation Center, claiming that it would turn the area into a “dirty, dangerous” neighborhood. Members of the group have flooded into community hearings and meetings to voice concerns.To further the cause, the group started an online crowdfunding page under the name “Safe Embarcadero for All.” The group’s GoFundMe campaign has raised more than $80,000 to hire a lawyer to push back against the city.As news of the GoFundMe hit the internet in a San Francisco Chronicle article last week, other San Francisco residents took umbrage with the group’s goal. William Fitzgerald, a local community activist and supporter of building resource centers for San Francisco’s upward of 7,000 homeless citizens, decided to build his own GoFundMe. Mr. Fitzgerald’s competing campaign, “A Safer Embarcadero for All,” intended to raise funds to support the building of the Navigation Center in the area.Mr. Fitzgerald’s GoFundMe page went up on Thursday. By Friday, the group had raised tens of thousands of dollars, and was steadily gaining more supporters as word of the effort spread virally.Marc Benioff, the tech billionaire and founder of Salesforce, donated $10,000 to Mr. Fitzgerald’s campaign. The co-founders of Twilio matched Mr. Benioff with thousands of their own. Hours later, Jack Dorsey, co-founder of Twitter, donated $25,000 of his own money to the project.The issue is far from settled, as both groups continue to jockey for support both for and against the project. But at least one of them has pulled ahead: By Monday afternoon, the “Safer” campaign had managed to raise $145,000, outraising the opposing campaign by $60,000 in roughly a third of time.Here’s what else we’re following(We often link to sites that limit access for nonsubscribers. We appreciate your reading Times stories, but we’d also encourage you to support local news if you can.)• “His music, he speaks real facts. He talks about how he grew up. He wanted people to see what he went through, to show people they could change. He was a role model.” Fans showed up at Nipsey Hussle’s Marathon Clothing store in South Los Angeles to join an outpouring of grief over the death of the rapper and entrepreneur. [The New York Times]• Later in the day, at least 10 people were injured in a stampede at a vigil for the rapper. It was unclear what caused people to run. [The New York Times]• Newly released body-camera footage shows Vallejo police officers firing into the car where Willie McCoy appeared to have fallen asleep in a Taco Bell drive-through about 10 seconds after he first stirred. A lawyer for the 20-year-old’s family said they’re planning to sue. “Based on the videos, it looks like the officers violated basic safety principles and made no real efforts to preserve human life,” she said. [The New York Times]• And if you missed it, a legislative fight is looming about whether to make it easier to criminally prosecute officers who use deadly force. [The New York Times]• “The ball is rolling.” Paradise issued its first building permit since last year’s deadly Camp Fire nearly wiped the community off the map. [Merced Sun-Star]• Pacific Gas & Electric is trying to rebuild its leadership structure. But it’s been a bumpy road. [The San Francisco Chronicle]• Mark Zuckerberg, in a post on Saturday, called on Congress to regulate Facebook. Here’s why. [The New York Times]• At last, it’s almost worth it for Angelenos to check out the burgeoning food scene in a cramped, dank city on the East Coast once known primarily for the Statue of Liberty and the Mafia, a columnist writes. [The Los Angeles Times]Have some time? Read these• How sovereign citizens in Southern California helped swindle $1 billion from a government they disavow. [The New York Times]• Why special psychiatric emergency rooms, pioneered in Alameda County, may be better for patients in the grips of a psychiatric episode — and more cost-effective. [Kaiser Health News]• What happens when you try to ride an e-scooter as far as its battery will take you? There’s no force field stopping you. [Gizmodo]And Finally ...Although Stanford’s nickname is “the farm,” Silicon Valley isn’t exactly known as an agricultural wonderland — at least, not anymore.But that’s where one man, C. Todd Kennedy, has quietly taken on a kind of fruit rescue mission, according to Atlas Obscura.He’s the co-founder of Arboreum Company, which sells rare and vintage fruit trees, according to an Atlas Obscura piece. Its website lists dozens of varieties of stone fruits, including 18 kinds of Asian plums with evocative names like “Broken Heart” (sold out) and “Flavor Queen.”As one of the state’s “premier fruit experts, collectors and growers,” the piece says, Mr. Kennedy has also donated genetic material from hundreds of varieties to natural repositories — which, experts said, has helped keep those fruits from disappearing forever.California Today goes live at 6:30 a.m. Pacific time weekdays. Tell us what you want to see: CAtoday@nytimes.com. Were you forwarded this email? Sign up for California Today here.Jill Cowan grew up in Orange County, went to school at U.C. Berkeley and has reported all over the state, including the Bay Area, Bakersfield and Los Angeles — but she always wants to see more. Follow along here or on Twitter, @jillcowan.California Today is edited by Julie Bloom, who grew up in Los Angeles and graduated from U.C. Berkeley.WASHINGTON — The number of Americans filing applications for unemployment benefits dropped to a 49-1/2-year low last week, pointing to sustained labor market strength that could assuage fears the economy was rapidly losing momentum.Other data on Thursday showed producer prices increased by the most in five months in March amid a surge in the cost of gasoline. But underlying producer prices remained soft, the latest indication of tame inflation pressures that strengthen the Federal Reserve's decision to suspend further interest rate increases this year despite a tight labor market."The economy's wheels continue to turn and any thought that growth was going to stop has to be reassessed," said Chris Rupkey, chief economist at MUFG in New York. "Fed officials are on the sidelines awaiting confirmation of what to do next."Initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell 8,000 to a seasonally adjusted 196,000 for the week ended April 6, the Labor Department said. That was the lowest level since October 1969, when the size of the labor market was about half of what it is now. Claims have declined for four straight weeks. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast claims rising to 211,000 in the latest week. The four-week moving average of initial claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, fell 7,000 to 207,000 last week, the lowest level since December 1969.The labor market's strength should allay worries of an abrupt slowdown in economic growth, which gained traction after the U.S. Treasury yield curve briefly inverted in late March.The economy lost speed at the turn of the year, reflecting fading stimulus from a $1.5 trillion tax cut package, trade tensions between China and the United States and weak global growth. Data, including retail sales and the trade deficit, have improved, raising the possibility that the anticipated slowdown in growth in the first quarter will not be steep.Goldman Sachs is forecasting gross domestic product rising at a 1.6% annualized rate in the first quarter. The economy grew at a 2.2% pace in the October-December period.Job growth in the first quarter averaged 180,000 per month, well above the roughly 100,000 needed to keep up with growth in the working-age population. At 3.8%, the unemployment rate is near the 3.7% Fed officials project it will be by the end of the year. U.S. Treasury prices fell, while the dollar was little changed against a basket of currencies. Stocks on Wall Street were trading marginally higher.WEAK CORE INFLATIONIn a second report on Thursday, the Labor Department said its producer price index for final demand rose 0.6% in March, the largest increase since last October, after edging up 0.1% in February.In the 12 months through March, the PPI rose 2.2% after advancing 1.9% in the 12 months through February. Economists had forecast the PPI climbing 0.3% in March and increasing 1.9% on a year-on-year basis.A key gauge of underlying producer price pressures that excludes food, energy and trade services was unchanged last month after ticking up 0.1% in February. The so-called core PPI increased 2.0% in the 12 months through March. That was the smallest annual increase since August 2017 and followed a 2.3% rise in February.Data on Wednesday showed consumer prices rose by the most in 14 months in March, driven by more expensive gasoline. But core inflation remained muted amid a plunge in the cost of apparel."The recent consumer and producer price data don't point to any major acceleration or deceleration in inflation," said Joel Naroff, chief economist at Naroff Economic Advisors in Holland, Pennsylvania. "Therefore, the Fed will feel no economic pressure to do anything."Minutes of the Fed's March 19-20 policy meeting published on Wednesday described inflation as "muted," though officials expected it to rise to or near the U.S. central bank's 2% target. The Fed's preferred inflation measure, the core personal consumption expenditures (PCE) price index, is currently at 1.8%.The minutes showed some Fed officials believed the tame price pressures could be the result of low inflation expectations and also an indication that there was still slack in the labor market despite the very low unemployment rate. Last month, gasoline prices shot up 16.0%, the most since August 2009. Gasoline accounted for over 60% of the 1.% rise in goods prices last month. Goods prices increased 0.4% in February. Prices for healthcare services fell 0.2% last month after rising 0.3% in February. The cost of hospital outpatient services fell by the most since July 2014. Those healthcare costs feed into the core PCE price index and suggested weaker inflation readings in February and March."We look for moderation (in the core PCE price index) to 1.70% in February and 1.60% in March," said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York.The Commerce Department will publish February and March PCE price data later this month. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao and Dan Grebler)Stocks came very close to entering a bear market on Christmas Eve, which was a very bad thing. Just about everybody said so.Yet the bear-market label is based on a dangerously unscientific understanding of stock markets. It is dangerous because the designation itself can set off a negative popular narrative that may, in itself, help to fuel a bigger market decline.What happened in December? By Dec. 24, the S&P 500 had fallen 19.8 percent from its peak of September 2018.That was just short of the “traditional” 20 percent slide that many say defines a bear market. It has been strongly up since then, but still remains down substantially from that peak.This tradition doesn’t amount to much, though. I discovered, through digital search, that the practice of using precise definitions for down markets — denoting a “correction” as a 10 percent decline from a peak and a “bear market” as a 20 percent decline — is only a little over 30 years old. It dates back to the mid-1980s.People have spoken loosely of bear markets for more than a hundred years, but they didn’t generally attach a 20 percent definition to them.You might think that the precise identification of a bear market occurred because that 20 percent threshold is intrinsically important — because, for example, there are many times when stock market declines stop at around 20 percent.But, actually, that is not a frequent occurrence. In this century, since 2000, there have been exactly two S&P 500 declines of 20 percent from the market peak — and both of them continued much further, for a net decline of around 50 percent.The first such decline started in 2000. The S&P 500 peaked on March 24 of that year but by March 12, 2001, it had declined 20 percent, and newspapers duly called the situation a bear market.Sometimes the wording suggested that the market was nearing its bottom. Writers didn’t know the decline was over, but evidently felt comfortable joking about it: “Bear Country Good Territory for Stock Hunting,” one headline said.That lighthearted approach was unfortunate because the S&P 500 turned out to be less than halfway through its decline. Ultimately, from its 2000 peak it dropped 49.1 percent through Oct. 9, 2002, before turning up. In real terms, correcting for inflation, that was more than a 50 percent price drop from peak to trough.Then there was the stock market of the Great Recession. The S&P 500 peaked on Oct. 9, 2007. It became a bear market, having declined over 20 percent, on July 11, 2008.There were lots of bear jokes that July, with suggestions that the start of a bear market signaled the end of a process: “Stop Worrying and Learn to Love the Bear,” was the headline of a Wall Street Journal article then. Still, the market kept going down, and bottomed on March 9, 2009, after losing 56.7 percent of its peak value.Those two episodes tell us something important: The start of a bear market doesn’t mean much. From a historical perspective, it is clear that a 20 percent decline does not predict further market movements with any certainty.That may not have been obvious between 1980 and 1990, when the 20 percent definition of a bear market first became established, because there were then two fairly recent 20 percent declines from S&P 500 peaks that did not precede sharper falls.On March 3, 1982, after dropping 21.1 percent from a Nov. 28, 1980, peak and entering what we would now call bear market territory, the S&P 500 fell only 6 percent further. And after a one-day S&P 500 decline of 20.5 percent on Oct. 19, 1987, the index fell only 0.4 percent further to a trough on Dec. 4, 1987.In short, the mere diagnosis of a bear market doesn’t seem to carry much weight for forecasting future price drops.Yet let’s not dismiss the effects of a bear market declaration too soon. Simply by announcing that we have entered a bear market and repeating that claim in the echo chamber of social media, the designation itself might create psychological unease that could make for market volatility.Popular labels carry emotional content. If the declarations of bear markets are charged with negativity, bull markets are fraught with symbolic and patriotic feelings.Consider the “Charging Bull” sculpture, symbolizing the bull market vigor of the financial markets, by Arturo Di Modica. It was first installed in 1989 in the aftermath of the 1987 stock market crash, in Bowling Green in the financial district of New York.The initial installation of the bull statue caught the popular imagination. It was the second time, according to Google Ngrams, that “bull” and “bear” were really widely used (the first time being in the boom of the 1920s and the 1929 crash).The statue may be the second most famous sculpture in New York, after the Statue of Liberty, and tourists flock to take selfies with it. It is a symbol of much more than a market direction. According to the sculptor, the statue also symbolizes  “the strength and power of the American people.” It has become an icon of national identity, patriotism and animal spirits.By the same token, the notion that a bear market may be around the corner can be profoundly disruptive. The near-miss diagnosis of a “bear market” on Christmas Eve 2018 seemed to have struck fear and disorientation in many investors, like an inconclusive lab test for a dread disease, making people vulnerable to more pessimistic feelings.Of course, some people may have interpreted the near miss as a clean bill of health, perhaps even a buying opportunity, depending on circumstances and on the narratives they choose to believe.Narratives matter in the stock market, which is, in many ways, a social-psychological barometer. Whether people are exulting about a bull market or running from a bear, volatile emotions are involved. In the next round in the stock market, we will see who outnumbers whom.Five years ago, the classic car market had just completed a turnaround that left even seasoned observers surprised by its speed. The deep recession that began in 2007 had dealt the same initial blow to vintage car prices that it did to the Dow and to the real estate market.The downturn erased four or five years’ worth of gains for collectible cars, by many estimates. But by 2014, most had fully recouped their pre-recession values, and the market has maintained an even keel.There are some signs, however, that the good times may be coming to an end. A mix of factors is at play, including demographics, changes to tax laws and general uncertainty.For auctions in 2018 and early 2019, the sell-through rate (the percentage of cars meeting reserve and selling) for million-dollar-plus cars has dropped about 20 percent from the previous year, according to Hagerty, a classic-car insurer in Michigan. That’s the lowest rate since Hagerty started tracking the statistic in 2008.The wealthiest and most discriminating collectors may simply be taking a pass on the current offerings, or “it may be a sign that the savviest collectors are sensing a change in the tone of the market,” said Brian Rabold, vice president for valuation at Hagerty.If the recent crop of cars isn’t persuading elite collectors to raise their paddles, the question then becomes why aren’t more owners of blue-chip cars selling them?Cam Ingram, a collector and restorer in North Carolina, pointed to last year’s changes in Section 1031 of the tax code, which had allowed the capital gains tax on a sale to be deferred if the proceeds were used to buy another collectible — artwork, say, or cars.“One factor that few people are acknowledging at the moment is the effect of the loss of 1031 exchanges,” Mr. Ingram said. “Top collectors were able to strategically play with positions in their collections to avoid realizing taxes on gains. Now they have to be far more disciplined. The change in the law is affecting both supply and demand.”With the economy still running strong, he added, few top collectors are in a position where they need to sell to free up cash.Both Mr. Ingram and Michael Sheehan, a dealer-broker of vintage Ferraris in Southern California, acknowledged the perception among top collectors that now might be the time to hold the best of the best. When those cars do sell, they often do so off the radar and at still very robust prices, they said. Private sales have always taken place among elite collectors, but now comparatively few big private sales are the exception to the general rule that the top of the market is cooling off.Demographics, too, are influencing this market.“Every day, I get the same calls: Guy dies, his kids don’t want the cars, and they want me to sell them. Or it’s knee surgery, hip surgery or prostate cancer and the owner simply can’t enjoy the car anymore,” Mr. Sheehan said.What Mr. Sheehan describes is most likely the vanguard of a wave of baby boomers getting out of the market, and nobody seems to have a clear idea of what comes next.When the classic-car market rebounded after the recession, it was still boomer-driven, and the very top end came back first, in 2011, according to Hagerty data.“The stock market was still in a slump, and cars were being talked about as one of the few asset classes where good returns could be had,” Mr. Ingram said. “By the next year, the middle of the market (cars costing between $250,000 and $1 million) returned to health, and the year after that, the entry level got active again.”If there is a shift now, it’s still in its early days, and the market may be mirroring its resurgence from 2011 to 2013. The broad entry level continues to be robust, according to Mr. Ingram and Mr. Rabold, while the top end is sluggish, a possible leading indicator of a general slump.The United States economy is in its longest period of growth on record, and most observers predict a downturn reasonably soon. That would certainly affect the classic-car market. But it’s the demographic shift, combined with the potential for another 2008-like crash, that seems to worry the keenest market-watchers the most.“Several things are in play here,” Mr. Sheehan said. “There’s general uncertainty and concern about things like the world economy and Brexit. The boomers are leaving the market in droves.“Younger people can’t drive a stick shift,” he added, “and they can’t afford the cars at the level that the boomers have driven the prices to — they’re busy paying record money for housing, education debt and health care.”At the moment, the market seems to be in a holding pattern.“Gen-Xers and millennials are still priced out of the market,” Mr. Sheehan said. “The last time that the market corrected, in 2008, it turned around quickly after it became apparent that the recession wouldn’t turn into a depression. Baby boomer money was still in play, and it quickly drove prices back to pre-correction levels.”That may not happen again. “The boomers aren’t going to be around to prop the market back up after the next one,” Mr. Sheehan said.What it all means is debatable. Mr. Ingram and Mr. Sheehan both believe that some form of correction is inevitable as baby boomers complete their exit from the market over the next 10 to 15 years. Their cars aren’t going to disappear, but their ability to spend will.“How Gen-Xers and millennials will value those cars,” Mr. Ingram said, “is the $64,000 question.”Once again, the Federal Reserve has upended markets.Investors had been bracing for the Fed to keep raising interest rates and shrinking its vast portfolio of assets, the equivalent of tapping on the brakes of the United States economy. But this year, the central bank has signaled that it was backing off.Much has been written about the stock market’s joyful reaction to the Fed’s altered approach. But the impact was much broader than that. The central bank’s shift cascaded through markets around the world in ways large and small. Here’s a look at the consequences of the Fed’s new tone.StocksThe Fed’s change of heart helped halt and partly reverse December’s brutal stock sell-off. On Dec. 24, the S&P 500 was down nearly 20 percent from its recent high. After the Fed chairman, Jerome Powell, began on Jan. 4 to espouse the virtues of patience and flexibility, the market turned sharply higher. The S&P 500 is now up about 15 percent from its nadir in December. Stocks of companies that are sensitive to changes in interest rates have climbed at especially speedy clips. Shares of homebuilders, for example, are up more than 17 percent since the market low in December. That suggests the Fed’s shift has been a big reason for the market’s recent pop. “I think the Fed’s turnaround has been vital to the recovery that we’ve seen in equity markets,” said Tony Roth, chief investment officer at the wealth management firm Wilmington Trust. BondsIn December, stress started to build in the market for corporate bonds. Investors balked at putting money in anything other than super-safe government bonds. One sign of this was a widening of “credits spreads” — the difference between the relatively low yields on government bonds and the relatively high yields on corporate bonds. Since Jan. 4, when the Fed’s swivel began, those credit spreads have fallen sharply. That is largely because the yields on corporate bonds have declined, while those on government debt have barely budged. A big reason for the drop in corporate bond yields is that investors have greater confidence in the United States economy and the ability of American companies to remain financially healthy.Currencies One way to think about the short-term interest rates that the Fed sets is that they are the rates at which investors — or even people with savings accounts or certificates of deposits — get paid for holding American dollars. When the Fed raises rates, and other central banks don’t, those higher United States rates attract capital from around the world. The influx of money pushes up the value of the dollar relative to other currencies. Last year, as the Fed raised interest rates four times and appeared ready to continue in 2019, the dollar rose about 10 percent relative to the euro and other major currencies. The rising value of the dollar has big implications. It makes American manufactured goods more expensive, and therefore less competitive, on the world market. It depresses the overseas earnings of American companies when they get converted back into dollars. And it reduces the prices of commodities, many of which are priced in dollars on global markets. (All else being equal, if the dollar’s value rises, you need fewer dollars to buy the same barrel of oil or ton of iron ore.) The rise in the value of the dollar, along with a supply glut in the world’s oil market, helped push crude oil prices down by more than 40 percent from October to the end of December.When the Fed signaled that it was backing off further rate increases, that slowed the upward momentum of the dollar. In fact, it appeared to put a ceiling on the dollar’s rise, at least for now. That, in turn, is likely to help American companies and strengthen commodity prices. Crude oil prices are up 16 percent in 2019.Emerging MarketsA weaker dollar is also a boon to emerging markets, whose economies often rely on exporting commodities and borrowing money from foreign investors. The weak dollar helps on both counts. With higher commodity prices, it becomes easier for commodity-producing countries and companies to pay off loans, which foreign investors often require to be repaid in dollars. This is a reversal of the 2018 trend, in which the strong dollar provoked a run on emerging markets like Turkey and Argentina, causing the value of their currencies to drop. Money now is flooding back to those developing economies, propelling stock markets in Turkey, Russia and Brazil.The FutureThe question is how durable this relief rally will prove. Even with the Fed’s pro-economic-growth stance, there are plenty of remaining risks to the global economy — and therefore to financial markets. Chief among those is the possibility that huge economies in China, Japan and Germany sputter.“The Fed has applied a Band-Aid onto a broken arm,” said Frances Donald, head of macroeconomic strategy at asset manager Manulife in Toronto. “This is enough to give us a moment to alleviate our worst concerns. But it doesn’t solve the underlying problem, which is a sizable growth slowdown.”ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. — Casino profits fell by more than 15% in Atlantic City in 2018, a year in which the downsized market reopened two shuttered gambling halls.The result was a decrease in gross operating profit of 15.4% for the year, to $582 million.Five of Atlantic City's 12 casinos closed between 2014 and 2016, and the market appeared to have stabilized at a smaller level with less competition. But the reopening in June of Revel as the Ocean Resort Casino and the Trump Taj Mahal as the Hard Rock put two new competitors back into the mix.Of the seven casinos that had been operating at the start of last year, five of them saw lower gross operating profits.Only Tropicana and Golden Nugget increased profits last year.A year ago, in the wake of President Trump’s tax cut, euphoric investors pushed the Dow Jones industrial average past 25,000, a record. The Dow had just gained 25 percent in 2017, and the Nasdaq had leapt 28 percent. Volatility was so low that there wasn’t a single day in 2017 when the S&P 500 fluctuated more than 2 percent.Not everyone was celebrating.“If there are any certainties, one will be that this party will eventually come to an end,” James Stack, president of InvesTech Research, told me a year ago. “And when it ends, it will end badly, and with high volatility.”Mr. Stack turned out to be right. He lowered his recommended asset allocation for United States stocks from 82 percent last January to 72 percent in September, when stocks hit new all-time highs. He urged investors to raise cash in October, and at the end of November he recommended an even more defensive posture — including putting money in a fund whose value would rise when stock prices dropped. That brought his recommended net exposure to stocks to just 55 percent, the lowest since the depths of the last bear market in early 2009.Stocks plunged in December, posting their worst monthly loss since the financial crisis and the worst December since 1931 and the Great Depression.Yet most economic indicators are benign. Unemployment is an exceptionally low 3.7 percent. Wages are rising. Inflation remains below the Federal Reserve’s 2 percent target. The Fed raised rates a quarter point in December, citing “a very healthy economy.”Given Mr. Stack’s track record last year, I reached out to him this week for his current views. Even though valuations have come down and macroeconomic indicators “have remained remarkably strong,” he said, he’s still defensive and hasn’t changed his bearish allocation. He believes that the worst isn’t over and that the Dow and S&P 500 will soon be down 20 percent from their peaks, retreating into a bear market. (The Nasdaq Composite and the Wilshire 2000 index of small-cap stocks are already there.)And that was before a revenue warning from Apple sent markets into another steep fall on Thursday.“A lesson from history is that the market leads the economy by a lot longer than investors realize,” Mr. Stack said. If the economy is headed toward recession, as the latest stock market declines suggest it may be, “we won’t see the first economic warning signs until the first three to five months” of 2019. Among the leading indicators he’s watching for signs of weakness are consumer confidence, housing starts and unemployment claims.On Thursday, the Institute for Supply Management manufacturing index, a leading indicator of industrial activity, fell sharply. That suggests that “serious cracks” are starting to appear in the economy, Mr. Stack said.Mr. Stack is right that bear markets typically precede recessions by many months: CNBC calculated in 2016 that bear markets since World War II had begun on average about eight months before a recession. That means that if a bear market did begin after major indexes peaked last fall, a recession might not start until June or even later. Even then, recessions are often over before economic data confirms their existence.That’s when bear markets are, in fact, followed by recessions, which often isn’t the case. As the economist Paul Samuelson famously said, “The stock market has forecast nine of the last five recessions.”Since World War II, there have been 13 bear markets. They were followed within a year by a recession just seven times. As a predictor of recessions with just 54 percent accuracy, bear markets are little better than flipping a coin.Indeed, Mr. Stack’s data show that two or more down years in a row are quite rare: There have been only four instances since 1928, suggesting that stocks may well be in positive territory by the end of 2019, even if a bear market does materialize in the meantime.Which is one reason the Wharton economist Jeremy Siegel told me that he’s bullish on the stock market this year. He predicts it could rise between 5 percent and 15 percent, even if there is an economic slowdown.Stocks are much cheaper now than they were before the December sell-off. The ratio between stock prices and projected earnings for companies in the S&P 500 is about 17, down from over 19 a year ago and the lowest in the past five years.[Stocks rose Friday after the release of a strong December jobs report and comments by the chairman of the Federal Reserve that the central bank would be flexible on raising interest rates this year.]Mr. Stack, however, argued that in the event of an economic downturn — or even a significant slowdown — “those projected earnings will go out the window.”“I would not call today’s market undervalued,” he added.Mr. Siegel bases his forecast of a market rally on the belief that the Fed will stop raising short-term interest rates. “I think the Fed got the message from the markets that it should not have hiked in December,” he said.Mr. Stack, too, said he was surprised the Fed raised rates in December. “I think the Fed will stand down and put future rate increases on hold,” he said, “which could stabilize the market, at least for the time being.”But Mr. Stack’s technical indicators are still pointing toward a bear market. He’s also worried about the shaky housing market, with price drops and slowing sales showing up in major cities.“We’re not trying to time the market, but we’re very comfortable with our defensive allocation,” he said. Although he predicted higher volatility a year ago, he was nonetheless surprised by the extremes reached in December, without even “a single hard warning sign of recession on the horizon.”“Can you imagine,” he asked, “how volatile it will be when we do have those warnings?”LONDON — Following are five big themes likely to dominate thinking of investors and traders in the coming week and the Reuters stories related to them.1/BRACE, BRACEThe focus is on the hotly anticipated U.S. results: First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to fall 2.5 percent on the year in what would be the first quarterly decline since 2016. But revenue is expected to rise 4.8 percent.Those earnings will be crucial to see if the bull market can keep running. Some have argued the Federal Reserve's patience on rate increases this year as well as stock buybacks will add fuel to the S&P's rally. Also boosting the S&P 500 Index are the recent performance of the banks and financials, which had suffered more than the broader market in the fourth quarter, when recession fears scared investors away.First out of the blocks was JPMorgan, which reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit as higher interest income and gains in its advisory and debt underwriting business offset weakness in trading.Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley are all scheduled to release their results in days to come. Large banks have indicated that muted capital market activity at the start of the year caused by sluggish trading volumes will be a drag on overall results. Financials are expected to deliver 1.8 percent earnings growth, according to I/B/E/S Refinitiv.Share performance may boil down to valuation. For the next 12 months, Goldman Sachs appears the cheapest, with investors paying $8.30 for every dollar in expected earnings, compared with $11.80 for Bank of New York Mellon. The former is the worst-performing stock over the last two years among U.S. banks.- JPMorgan profit tops estimates on higher interest income - Wall Street bull run hinges on earnings- PREVIEW-For first time in a decade, U.S. companies could report lower profits on higher revenue- JPMorgan's Dimon urges infrastructure, mortgage reform to spur U.S. growth(Graphic: First-Quarter Earnings , https://tmsnrt.rs/2D73sU4)2/ARE YOU OK?April manufacturing activity data will give a glimpse of the economic health of the United States and the euro zone. Chinese GDP data will provide an update on the health of the world's second-largest economy.Dismal March PMIs for the United States and euro zone sent shivers through markets. They were taken as ominous signs for the global economy as international trade tensions hurt factory output.But robust factory data from Beijing offered hope that efforts to shore up China's economy are kicking in, which injected further fuel to the global equity rally.The IHS Markit flash Purchasing Managers' Index due on April 18 should indicate if that optimism was justified -- and if stocks have further upward momentum. China's first-quarter GDP data is out on April 17.Many investors say low expectations for first-quarter earnings, dovish central bank policies and hopes for Chinese stimulus and a trade truce between Washington and Beijing are largely priced into equity markets. With all that baked in and investors still scrambling for consensus on what happens over the rest of 2019, there's a lot riding on that data. - Euro zone business growth worse than expected in March -PMI- China March factory activity grows for first time in 4 months, but exports weak - In foreboding sign for U.S. economy, factory sector softens (Graphic: PMI services, https://tmsnrt.rs/2X3sX04)(Graphic: PMI manufacturing, https://tmsnrt.rs/2VEEWR9)3/TRY-ING TIMES For all the relief in emerging markets that the Federal Reserve doesn't expect to raise interest rates anytime soon and that commodity prices are hot again, there are still the troublesome twosome: The Turkish lira and Argentine peso.The peso has slumped to fresh lows in the past 10 days, although the International Monetary Fund's unlocking a $10.8 billion tranche of funds helped the battered currency to regain some of its footing.Meanwhile, nine weeks of losses in the last 10 have the lira sliding back towards six to the dollar, the level that set alarm bells ringing last year.Ankara's economic reform plans -- announced on Wednesday -- failed to impress markets and investor meetings with Finance Minister Berat Albayrak at the IMF and World Bank spring meetings did little to change that. Ankara's row with Washington over plans to buy a Russian missile defence system and declines in its FX reserves have only added to the concern of investors still smarting from last month's pre-election move to temporarily freeze the London lira market. - BREAKINGVIEWS-Argentina's Macri may yet survive his own policies- Turkey's Albayrak leaves investors unconvinced in Washington -sources - POLL-Turkey's economy to contract in 2019, longer recession ahead (Graphic: Lira volatility, https://tmsnrt.rs/2X4U1vO)4/POLLS, PINS AND NEEDLESThe world's largest and third-largest democracies are going to the polls. Indonesia holds parliamentary and presidential elections on April 17. India's elections are spread over seven phases and 39 days.Both countries face similar issues around anti-incumbency and flailing economic growth. Betting on continuity, investors have pumped money into their markets, driving up bonds and stocks.Polls in Indonesia suggest President Joko Widodo, or Jokowi, who faces his opponent from 2014 once again, will not only win re-election but will also emerge with a stronger coalition. Indonesian markets have also always scored well in election years.So it's India that investors should be sweating over. Even if the February tensions with neighbour Pakistan have given Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his coalition an edge, the risks are that he will lose his majority and may cobble together a new partnership that could slow down reforms. - FACTBOX-Campaign promises in Indonesia's presidential election- Big turnout for India's giant election, where Modi has an edge- POLL-Rupee bulls dig in as investors grapple with elections across Asia(Graphic: JKSE in election years, https://tmsnrt.rs/2CFzUMY)5/TRUNCATED TRADINGIt's the start truncated trading - the first of four consecutive shortened trading weeks, as a series of public holidays in Europe begins with Easter. Japanese markets will also be closed for a string of holidays in late April.The truncated weeks come just as volatility in financial markets has slumped. In equities, the VIX, known as the "fear index", is close to its lowest levels since October. Foreign exchange price swings have fallen to their lowest for several years, according to the Deutsche Bank Currency Volatility Index.Even the British pound, long the vent for Brexit-related angst, has turned increasingly calm -- and traders are not expecting many big moves for sterling in the months ahead after this week's six-month Brexit delay.Caught between mixed economic data releases of recent weeks, a postponement to figuring out how Britain will extricate itself from the European Union until as late as October and elusive progress in the Sino-U.S. trade war have left markets treading water.But with fewer traders at their desks on fewer days, the rest of April will see heightened risks of a spike in volatility, or even flash crashes, should a surprise hit markets just as calmness descends.- Six-month Brexit delay sends sterling into doldrums- GRAPHIC-Forex traders fret as sleepy markets slow to calmest in years- LIVE MARKETS U.S.-When volatility vanishes (Graphic: Market volatility, https://tmsnrt.rs/2DaIljM) (Reporting by Karin Strohecker, Tommy Wilkes and Marc Jones in London, Jennifer Ablan in New York, Vidya Ranganathan in Singapore; editing by Larry King)AMSTERDAM — More than 40 licenses were issued in 2018 to businesses moving to Amsterdam from London due to Britain's departure from the European Union, the Dutch financial markets regulator said on Thursday.In its 2018 annual report the AFM said it had held discussions with 150 companies and expects 30 to 40 percent of the European stock and bond market to move to the Netherlands in the event of Brexit.European leaders agreed during emergency negotiations in Brussels overnight to give Britain six more months to prepare for its departure from 27-member bloc. Dozens of trading firms were among those to apply for licenses, Reuters has reported, resulting in a permanent shift away from London. The AFM did not name the parties that received licenses."Brexit had a major impact on financial markets in 2018 and the role of the Financial Market Regulator (AFM)," it said in a statement. "The organization and the ICT infrastructure is prepared for up to 14 times more trading volumes." (Reporting by Anthony Deutsch; Editing by David Holmes)JOHANNESBURG/NAIROBI — At the edge of Nairobi's Ngong Forest, thousands of used cars glitter in the hot sun on a dusty field, waiting for buyers. Imported from Japan or the Middle East, they offer an affordable route to vehicle ownership in Kenya and have dominated the market for decades. That is an obstacle big carmakers must overcome if they are to crack Africa, a market promising rapid growth as trade tensions threaten sales elsewhere. African consumers also still need conventional engines just as demand in more traditional markets is curbed by restrictions on carbon emissions.Volkswagen, BMW, Toyota, Nissan and others have joined forces to lobby governments for steps that would reduce the imports that have made sub-Saharan Africa notoriously difficult terrain and allow local production to flourish. "The question on Africa isn't, 'Is it a market of the future?'" Mike Whitfield, Nissan's top executive for Africa, told Reuters. "It's a case of when." Four years after forming the Association of African Automotive Manufacturers (AAAM) their efforts are starting to bear fruit. Carmakers that set up local assembly plants could get tax holidays of up to 10 years and duty exemptions in Nigeria, Kenya and Ghana, according to government plans seen by Reuters. Thomas Schaefer, who heads Volkswagen's Africa business, said there is a potential market in sub-Saharan Africa for 3 to 4 million new cars, up from just 420,000 in 2017. But that will require addressing the well-entrenched interests of second-hand car dealers, smugglers and lowering the price of new cars. "It will largely depend on how successful the African governments are in limiting the amounts of second-hand imports and how price-competitive new vehicles can be with their tariffs," said Craig Parker, Africa research director at Frost & Sullivan, a U.S.-based market research firm. MULTIPLYING EFFECTSAfrica's population and household incomes are rising rapidly. But its 1 billion inhabitants account for only 1 percent of the world's new passenger car sales, industry data shows. South Africans bought over 85 percent of those vehicles. The AAAM identified Kenya, Nigeria and Ghana as potential manufacturing hubs and helped draft legislation setting up standards and incentives.Details of governments' plans provided to Reuters demonstrate that African nations are keen to secure a spot as a beachhead for the industry. Nigeria and Ghana are preparing to offer automakers tax holidays of up to 10 years and duty-free imports of parts and components used in local assembly. Nigeria also plans to double the levy on new, fully-built imported vehicles to 70 percent to boost demand for locally produced cars, though the policy's approval has been delayed. In Kenya, automakers will pay no import or excise duties and get a 50-percent corporate tax break. For African nations facing massive demographic pressures, such concessions make sense if they create jobs, said Jelani Aliyu, of Nigeria's National Automotive Design and Development Council. "The multiplying effects are exponential," said Aliyu, who foresees supporting industries developing around the plants. Legislative and fiscal frameworks are being finalised, but companies are already investing millions of dollars in new plants. VW and Nissan have set up operations in Nigeria, Kenya and Ghana or have pledged to do so. Honda and Peugeot have launched assembly plants in Nigeria, and Peugeot has done the same in Kenya. Carmakers sorely need the business. Their South African divisions, which typically direct operations elsewhere on the continent, face stagnating domestic sales and scant growth prospects in their main export market, Europe. A chaotic Brexit or U.S. tariff hikes could further dampen sales.Toyota South Africa's chief executive Andrew Kirby said the strategy is: "Focus on Africa because Africa is going to grow significantly." A pivot to Africa could also help insulate automakers from the immediate effects of the electric vehicle revolution. The continent is ill-placed to join it at the moment due to the higher prices of EVs and unreliable power grids. Just 66 electric cars were sold last year in South Africa - the continent's most developed economy."Africa will most likely remain as the last bastion of internal combustion engines," Parker said. DISTORTED MARKETNevertheless, industry officials say the biggest hurdle to developing the market for new cars is dumping from countries such as Japan, where strict vehicle inspections force cars out of circulation after just a few years. They say this distorts the market by allowing dealers to buy the cars at scrap prices and export them to Africa.They blame the cheap imports for killing off assembly sectors in a number of African countries including Nigeria, which built around 150,000 cars per year until the 1980s.Political will is needed to change that, and without it there is little point in considering a country for local production, according to VW's Schaefer. "The markets ... are literally not functioning right now due to importation of used vehicles," he said.In Kenya, the government plans to wind down imports of cars more than three years old by 2021. Exceptions will be made for passenger vehicles with 1.5 litre or smaller engines. The policy could see mid-range imported models double in price, according to the 300-member Kenya Auto Bazaar Association (KABA). The lobby group has taken out ads in local newspapers denouncing the policy and is demanding a meeting with Kenya's president. Mark Oburu, KABA's vice-chairman, said the move would hit an industry that delivers 85 percent of Kenyan car purchases."The middle class will not be able to own a vehicle of their choice," he said. In the Nairobi bazaar, Grace was shopping for her eldest son's first car. She said she could not afford to buy a new one. "If they don't rescind that decision, we will be on boda bodas (motor-bikes)."Both Ghana and Nigeria have also pledged to tackle the issue. Nigeria hiked taxes on imported used cars in 2014, but smuggling has undermined that effort to boost demand for local production, according to manufacturers and government officials. Used cars are also among the leading imports in many African countries, and governments will have to wean themselves off the associated tax revenues.There are other stumbling blocks: access to financing is limited, and countries that don't host assembly plants must also be persuaded to limit used imports and reduce tariffs on African-made vehicles. That will be hard to do if the only outcome they see is higher sticker prices."The purpose is not to take the most lucrative slice of the industry," said Ghana's minister of trade and industry, Alan Kyerematen, suggesting that neighbours could produce components for his country's assembly plants. Auto executives acknowledge the challenges but point to a famous precedent. When VW and GM entered China in the 1980s and 90s, vehicle ownership rates were lower than in many African markets. Today, those two companies alone sell over 3.5 million vehicles annually in China. "Everybody was laughing, saying China doesn't need cars, they only need bicycles," Schaefer said.  (Joe Bavier and Emma Rumney reported in Johannesburg and Duncan Miriri in Nairobi; Additional reporting by Clement Uwiringiyimana in Kigali and Chijioke Ohuocha in Lagos; Editing by Alexandra Zavis and Anna Willard)JOHANNESBURG/NAIROBI — At the edge of Nairobi's Ngong Forest, thousands of used cars glitter in the hot sun on a dusty field, waiting for buyers. Imported from Japan or the Middle East, they offer an affordable route to vehicle ownership in Kenya and have dominated the market for decades. That is an obstacle big carmakers must overcome if they are to crack Africa, a market promising rapid growth as trade tensions threaten sales elsewhere. African consumers also still need conventional engines just as demand in more traditional markets is curbed by restrictions on carbon emissions.Volkswagen, BMW, Toyota, Nissan and others have joined forces to lobby governments for steps that would reduce the imports that have made sub-Saharan Africa notoriously difficult terrain and allow local production to flourish. "The question on Africa isn't, 'Is it a market of the future?'" Mike Whitfield, Nissan's top executive for Africa, told Reuters. "It's a case of when." Four years after forming the Association of African Automotive Manufacturers (AAAM) their efforts are starting to bear fruit. Carmakers that set up local assembly plants could get tax holidays of up to 10 years and duty exemptions in Nigeria, Kenya and Ghana, according to government plans seen by Reuters. Thomas Schaefer, who heads Volkswagen's Africa business, said there is a potential market in sub-Saharan Africa for 3 to 4 million new cars, up from just 420,000 in 2017. But that will require addressing the well-entrenched interests of second-hand car dealers, smugglers and lowering the price of new cars. "It will largely depend on how successful the African governments are in limiting the amounts of second-hand imports and how price-competitive new vehicles can be with their tariffs," said Craig Parker, Africa research director at Frost & Sullivan, a U.S.-based market research firm. MULTIPLYING EFFECTSAfrica's population and household incomes are rising rapidly. But its 1 billion inhabitants account for only 1 percent of the world's new passenger car sales, industry data shows. South Africans bought over 85 percent of those vehicles. The AAAM identified Kenya, Nigeria and Ghana as potential manufacturing hubs and helped draft legislation setting up standards and incentives.Details of governments' plans provided to Reuters demonstrate that African nations are keen to secure a spot as a beachhead for the industry. Nigeria and Ghana are preparing to offer automakers tax holidays of up to 10 years and duty-free imports of parts and components used in local assembly. Nigeria also plans to double the levy on new, fully-built imported vehicles to 70 percent to boost demand for locally produced cars, though the policy's approval has been delayed. In Kenya, automakers will pay no import or excise duties and get a 50-percent corporate tax break. For African nations facing massive demographic pressures, such concessions make sense if they create jobs, said Jelani Aliyu, of Nigeria's National Automotive Design and Development Council. "The multiplying effects are exponential," said Aliyu, who foresees supporting industries developing around the plants. Legislative and fiscal frameworks are being finalised, but companies are already investing millions of dollars in new plants. VW and Nissan have set up operations in Nigeria, Kenya and Ghana or have pledged to do so. Honda and Peugeot have launched assembly plants in Nigeria, and Peugeot has done the same in Kenya. Carmakers sorely need the business. Their South African divisions, which typically direct operations elsewhere on the continent, face stagnating domestic sales and scant growth prospects in their main export market, Europe. A chaotic Brexit or U.S. tariff hikes could further dampen sales.Toyota South Africa's chief executive Andrew Kirby said the strategy is: "Focus on Africa because Africa is going to grow significantly." A pivot to Africa could also help insulate automakers from the immediate effects of the electric vehicle revolution. The continent is ill-placed to join it at the moment due to the higher prices of EVs and unreliable power grids. Just 66 electric cars were sold last year in South Africa - the continent's most developed economy."Africa will most likely remain as the last bastion of internal combustion engines," Parker said. DISTORTED MARKETNevertheless, industry officials say the biggest hurdle to developing the market for new cars is dumping from countries such as Japan, where strict vehicle inspections force cars out of circulation after just a few years. They say this distorts the market by allowing dealers to buy the cars at scrap prices and export them to Africa.They blame the cheap imports for killing off assembly sectors in a number of African countries including Nigeria, which built around 150,000 cars per year until the 1980s.Political will is needed to change that, and without it there is little point in considering a country for local production, according to VW's Schaefer. "The markets ... are literally not functioning right now due to importation of used vehicles," he said.In Kenya, the government plans to wind down imports of cars more than three years old by 2021. Exceptions will be made for passenger vehicles with 1.5 litre or smaller engines. The policy could see mid-range imported models double in price, according to the 300-member Kenya Auto Bazaar Association (KABA). The lobby group has taken out ads in local newspapers denouncing the policy and is demanding a meeting with Kenya's president. Mark Oburu, KABA's vice-chairman, said the move would hit an industry that delivers 85 percent of Kenyan car purchases."The middle class will not be able to own a vehicle of their choice," he said. In the Nairobi bazaar, Grace was shopping for her eldest son's first car. She said she could not afford to buy a new one. "If they don't rescind that decision, we will be on boda bodas (motor-bikes)."Both Ghana and Nigeria have also pledged to tackle the issue. Nigeria hiked taxes on imported used cars in 2014, but smuggling has undermined that effort to boost demand for local production, according to manufacturers and government officials. Used cars are also among the leading imports in many African countries, and governments will have to wean themselves off the associated tax revenues.There are other stumbling blocks: access to financing is limited, and countries that don't host assembly plants must also be persuaded to limit used imports and reduce tariffs on African-made vehicles. That will be hard to do if the only outcome they see is higher sticker prices."The purpose is not to take the most lucrative slice of the industry," said Ghana's minister of trade and industry, Alan Kyerematen, suggesting that neighbours could produce components for his country's assembly plants. Auto executives acknowledge the challenges but point to a famous precedent. When VW and GM entered China in the 1980s and 90s, vehicle ownership rates were lower than in many African markets. Today, those two companies alone sell over 3.5 million vehicles annually in China. "Everybody was laughing, saying China doesn't need cars, they only need bicycles," Schaefer said.  (Joe Bavier and Emma Rumney reported in Johannesburg and Duncan Miriri in Nairobi; Additional reporting by Clement Uwiringiyimana in Kigali and Chijioke Ohuocha in Lagos; Editing by Alexandra Zavis and Anna Willard)WASHINGTON — Pursuing so-called 'euroclearability' can help some emerging market economies lower borrowing costs by over $13 billion (9.9 billion pounds) over 10 years while increasing their investor base, a report showed on Thursday.Euroclearability is seen as one of the last stages of capital market development, and would only benefit countries with relatively larger economies and local bond markets, Nick Forrest, who headed the report as director of financial services at PCW UK, told a conference on the sidelines of the spring meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank.The process of becoming 'euroclearable' - establishing a clearing and settlement link with Belgium-based Euroclear - involves high levels of transparency as well as specifics on size and structure of the debt to be issued, among other aspects.India, Brazil, Turkey, Indonesia, Philippines and Colombia could see their borrowing costs fall by an average of 28 basis points, in a range of 14-to-42 basis points, saving them over $13 billion over the next 10 years, according to the study by PWC for Euroclear.The drop in borrowing costs, the report said, is comparable to a one-notch upgrade from a credit ratings agency."This is extremely important to developing local markets" and a key benchmark for countries to reach, said Thordur Jonasson, who advises governments and agencies on domestic debt market development and risk management as deputy division chief at the IMF.But achieving the 'euroclearability' tag is not necessarily an objective of these emerging economies, but an added benefit of focussing on improving fundamentals.Cesar Arias, director of public credit and national treasury at Colombia's finance ministry, told Reuters the tag would be a bonus but his country's improved fundamentals have been the main reason behind a sharp lowering of borrowing costs.He said Colombia increased its foreign investors in local bonds from 4% to over 25% while lowering costs by nearly 300 basis points over the last four years."That was without euroclearability," he said.The study said corporate borrowing costs would also be reduced, though by a smaller amount, as there is typically a correlation between corporate debt and the sovereign's interest rates.The impact to corporate debt would be of 10-to-18 basis points, the report said. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Andrea Ricci)SHANGHAI/TOKYO — Not for the first time, China's markets are marching to their own beat.Just as investors come to terms with a bleak outlook for global growth and earnings, with weak German industrial and trade data just the latest portents of gloom, China's economy may be bottoming out, helped by Beijing's early moves to prop up a stuttering economy.At the same time, Chinese regulators' drive to open up financial markets to foreign involvement is making the country more accessible, and a potentially rich target for foreign investors looking to diversify."The more you see stabilisation of the Chinese growth story - and I think you'll see that coming through in the middle of the year - the more comfortable you'll be with looking at the debt and equity side of things in China," said Kerry Craig, Global Market Strategist at J.P. Morgan Asset Management in Melbourne.To be fair, global markets are having a good year. Index provider MSCI's broadest gauge of global shares is up more than 13 percent since January, erasing last year's losses even against the backdrop of the U.S.-China trade war and Brexit.But dovish shifts by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have in recent weeks sparked market jitters, pushing down bond yields and jolting equity indexes.China's markets have been comparatively unfazed. The blue-chip CSI300 index has risen more than a third so far this year, making it the world's best-performing major index.Yields on benchmark 10-year Chinese government bonds have also jumped in recent days alongside rallying shares as investors' appetite for the safest investments has ebbed.Faced with a slowing economy due in part to a multi-year campaign to reduce risky leverage and to headwinds from the trade war, Beijing began easing policy selectively last year, channelling more money into the real economy to boost growth.Tax cuts, infrastructure spending and pledges to boost lending and lower borrowing costs have helped revive stagnant credit growth, brightening the outlook for corporate earnings."With easing policies starting to have an impact on credit creation, credit growth should continue to pick up this year," Chen Long, China economist at Gavekal Dragonomics in Beijing, said in a note."It's clear that China's economy slowed further in the first quarter of 2019, but there's an increasingly strong consensus that growth will bottom out and improve later in the year."Chinese shares have also been bolstered by rising foreign interest.Net flows into China's stock market through the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Connect programmes topped 125 billion yuan (£14.3 billion) in the first quarter of 2019, nearly triple the same period a year earlier, data from Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Ltd showed.In February, the Institute for International Finance said foreign investors put more than $10 billion into Chinese onshore equities ahead of an announced rise in the weighting of A-shares in MSCI's benchmark indexes.BOND BOOSTGlobal index changes have extended beyond equities.On April 1, index provider Bloomberg Barclays began a 20-month process of including some Chinese government and policy bank bonds in its Global Aggregate index, a move expected to draw billions of foreign dollars into China's $13 trillion bond market.While initial flows tracking the index will be gradual, "at some point in time there will be an inflection point," said Dhiraj Bajaj, fixed income portfolio manager at Lombard Odier in Singapore.For active investors, Chinese bonds provide advantages to a diversified portfolio, including lower average durations and significant yield premiums.Frances Cheung, head of macro strategy for Asia at Westpac, said the yuan's relative stability could burnish the appeal of yuan-denominated assets to some investors."The RMB is less sensitive to risk sentiment than some of its regional peers including the IDR, KRW and MYR. The correlation between USD/CNY and Chinese government bonds is also low. These features render CNY bonds a good avenue for portfolio diversification, especially when initial exposure is low for many investors," she said.Data from Bond Connect, which gives foreign investors access to China's interbank market, shows trading volumes through the scheme jumped 70 percent, and the number of registered Bond Connect investors rose 41 percent, in the first quarter of 2019.Bond Connect says index inclusion has shifted the focus of trading towards government and policy bank bonds, which accounted for 66 percent of turnover in March, up from 37 percent in December.But following a year-long rally that pushed yields on 10-year Chinese government bonds down nearly a full percentage point from highs in late January 2018, some investors may be seeing less room for profit, said Bajaj.A lack of familiarity with Chinese bonds may also deter some foreign investors, while technical issues such as limited hedging tools and patchy trading of newly issued government bonds remain nagging concerns."I imagine a lot of investors in similar positions like myself have just kind of a lack of experience of the market that probably limits its global safe-haven flow," said Ross Hutchison, a global bond fund manager at Aberdeen Standard Investments in Edinburgh. "But that doesn't mean that won't change."Craig at J.P. Morgan said foreign investors should approach Chinese bonds with care. "We do know that the Chinese government has a large amount of debt. We have to think about the quality of what's backing up those bonds," he said.But if investors are comfortable with China's ability to contain debt, those concerns should ease, Craig added."We talk about the U.S. market being a safe haven, but U.S. debt is going to go up if they continue to spend at this rate," he said. (Reporting by Daniel Leussink and Andrew Galbraith; Additional reporting by Vidya Ranganathan in SINGAPORE; Editing by Lincoln Feast)SHANGHAI/TOKYO — Not for the first time, China's markets are marching to their own beat.Just as investors come to terms with a bleak outlook for global growth and earnings, with weak German industrial and trade data just the latest portents of gloom, China's economy may be bottoming out, helped by Beijing's early moves to prop up a stuttering economy.At the same time, Chinese regulators' drive to open up financial markets to foreign involvement is making the country more accessible, and a potentially rich target for foreign investors looking to diversify."The more you see stabilisation of the Chinese growth story - and I think you'll see that coming through in the middle of the year - the more comfortable you'll be with looking at the debt and equity side of things in China," said Kerry Craig, Global Market Strategist at J.P. Morgan Asset Management in Melbourne.To be fair, global markets are having a good year. Index provider MSCI's broadest gauge of global shares is up more than 13 percent since January, erasing last year's losses even against the backdrop of the U.S.-China trade war and Brexit.But dovish shifts by the U.S. Federal Reserve and the European Central Bank have in recent weeks sparked market jitters, pushing down bond yields and jolting equity indexes.China's markets have been comparatively unfazed. The blue-chip CSI300 index has risen more than a third so far this year, making it the world's best-performing major index.Yields on benchmark 10-year Chinese government bonds have also jumped in recent days alongside rallying shares as investors' appetite for the safest investments has ebbed.Faced with a slowing economy due in part to a multi-year campaign to reduce risky leverage and to headwinds from the trade war, Beijing began easing policy selectively last year, channelling more money into the real economy to boost growth.Tax cuts, infrastructure spending and pledges to boost lending and lower borrowing costs have helped revive stagnant credit growth, brightening the outlook for corporate earnings."With easing policies starting to have an impact on credit creation, credit growth should continue to pick up this year," Chen Long, China economist at Gavekal Dragonomics in Beijing, said in a note."It's clear that China's economy slowed further in the first quarter of 2019, but there's an increasingly strong consensus that growth will bottom out and improve later in the year."Chinese shares have also been bolstered by rising foreign interest.Net flows into China's stock market through the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Connect programmes topped 125 billion yuan (£14.3 billion) in the first quarter of 2019, nearly triple the same period a year earlier, data from Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Ltd showed.In February, the Institute for International Finance said foreign investors put more than $10 billion into Chinese onshore equities ahead of an announced rise in the weighting of A-shares in MSCI's benchmark indexes.BOND BOOSTGlobal index changes have extended beyond equities.On April 1, index provider Bloomberg Barclays began a 20-month process of including some Chinese government and policy bank bonds in its Global Aggregate index, a move expected to draw billions of foreign dollars into China's $13 trillion bond market.While initial flows tracking the index will be gradual, "at some point in time there will be an inflection point," said Dhiraj Bajaj, fixed income portfolio manager at Lombard Odier in Singapore.For active investors, Chinese bonds provide advantages to a diversified portfolio, including lower average durations and significant yield premiums.Frances Cheung, head of macro strategy for Asia at Westpac, said the yuan's relative stability could burnish the appeal of yuan-denominated assets to some investors."The RMB is less sensitive to risk sentiment than some of its regional peers including the IDR, KRW and MYR. The correlation between USD/CNY and Chinese government bonds is also low. These features render CNY bonds a good avenue for portfolio diversification, especially when initial exposure is low for many investors," she said.Data from Bond Connect, which gives foreign investors access to China's interbank market, shows trading volumes through the scheme jumped 70 percent, and the number of registered Bond Connect investors rose 41 percent, in the first quarter of 2019.Bond Connect says index inclusion has shifted the focus of trading towards government and policy bank bonds, which accounted for 66 percent of turnover in March, up from 37 percent in December.But following a year-long rally that pushed yields on 10-year Chinese government bonds down nearly a full percentage point from highs in late January 2018, some investors may be seeing less room for profit, said Bajaj.A lack of familiarity with Chinese bonds may also deter some foreign investors, while technical issues such as limited hedging tools and patchy trading of newly issued government bonds remain nagging concerns."I imagine a lot of investors in similar positions like myself have just kind of a lack of experience of the market that probably limits its global safe-haven flow," said Ross Hutchison, a global bond fund manager at Aberdeen Standard Investments in Edinburgh. "But that doesn't mean that won't change."Craig at J.P. Morgan said foreign investors should approach Chinese bonds with care. "We do know that the Chinese government has a large amount of debt. We have to think about the quality of what's backing up those bonds," he said.But if investors are comfortable with China's ability to contain debt, those concerns should ease, Craig added."We talk about the U.S. market being a safe haven, but U.S. debt is going to go up if they continue to spend at this rate," he said. (Reporting by Daniel Leussink and Andrew Galbraith; Additional reporting by Vidya Ranganathan in SINGAPORE; Editing by Lincoln Feast)WASHINGTON — Top finance officials from emerging market economies on Thursday called for a collective global response to resolve ongoing trade tensions within a rules-based trading system.In a communique from finance ministers of the so-called Group of 24, a bloc of emerging and developing market nations, officials said: "International trade has delivered enormous benefits globally and has been an important engine of growth among G24 countries."The group, which issued the communique during the spring meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington, said it stood ready to cooperate in the effort to build "a modern, open, rules-based, non-discriminatory and equitable multilateral trading system."Trade disputes, particularly the one between the United States and China, have been blamed as a key driver behind the recent downshift in global growth.A looming auto tariff war would hit the global economy harder than the U.S.-China spat, according to the IMF's chief economist Gita Gopinath.The G24 called on a global strengthening of support for developing countries' struggle to deal with debt and the challenge that it poses to economic growth.At the same time, it resurfaced a previously sought idea of using the Special Drawing Rights (SDRs), a basket of the dollar, euro, yen, pound, and yuan - and the de-facto currency of the IMF - as a more active reserve currency. The group called for stronger international cooperation to "recover and return stolen assets and repatriate and prosecute fugitive offenders" and also for increased transparency and a tougher stance against corruption. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Paul Simao)ISLAMABAD, Pakistan — At least 16 people were killed when a powerful bomb ripped through a vegetable market in Quetta in southwestern Pakistan early Friday, officials said. At least nine of the dead were Hazaras, a Shiite Muslim minority group that has repeatedly been the target of Sunni extremists.There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack, which also injured at least 30 people, some of them critically. But Lashkar-e-Jhangvi, a banned militant Sunni group, has often carried out attacks against Hazaras in Quetta, the capital of Baluchistan Province.For years, the Hazaras have lived in a state of perpetual fear in Quetta, and promises made by successive governments have failed to ensure their safety.While terrorist attacks have declined significantly in the past year across the country, the attack on Friday was a grim reminder that the Hazaras continue to remain vulnerable to militant violence and that the security provided to them remains inadequate. Quetta has a large presence of security forces and a vast network of intelligence operatives.A senior police official said the bomb went off in a sack of potatoes, and that the victims included shopkeepers and customers at the vegetable market. One paramilitary soldier was also killed, and officials said they feared the death toll would increase.The police said they were investigating whether a remote control or a timed device had set off the bomb. The police initially ruled out an attack carried out by a suicide bomber, but investigators said Friday evening that such a scenario seemed probable as they had found human remains that could not be identified.Abdul Razzaq Cheema, a senior police official, said that people belonging to the Hazara group come daily in a convoy to the vegetable market from Hazara Town, a walled enclave on the outskirts of Quetta, and that they are provided with security. The bomb that went off Friday morning ignited while vegetables were being loaded during the early market rush.Qadir Ali, a provincial lawmaker who is Hazara, said in an interview that apprehension among Hazaras had increased since the bombing.At least 250,000 Hazara people live in Hazara Town, and each day many vehicles made the trip to and from the vegetable market that was attacked, Mr. Ali said.He urged the government to increase security, and said that he thought the attack was intended “to create tensions between different ethnicities living in Quetta.”“In recent months, Hazara people had started feeling safer and started commuting to different parts of the city,” he said. “But the bombing today seems an attempt to force us into isolation.”The attack was widely condemned by government officials and rights groups.“This horrific loss of life is a painful reminder of the threats that Quetta’s Hazara community continues to face,” Amnesty International said in a statement. “Each time, there are promises that more will be done to protect them, and each time those promises have failed to materialize.”One by one, the concerns that have hung over the stock market have faded. Fears that the United States economy would dip into a recession this year have eased. The Federal Reserve seems to be finished raising interest rates for the foreseeable future, and optimism has increased that the United States and China could end their trade war.But if the January snap back (it was the best start to a year for stocks in decades, after the worst December for stocks in an even longer period) is to sustain itself, big technology companies likely will have to lead the way. So far this year, they have not done that. For much of the past decade, the fate of the stock market has been tied to the performance of a handful of the largest tech companies: Amazon, Apple, Alphabet, Facebook, Microsoft and Netflix led the market from one record to the next.By the end of August, their sway over the direction of the S&P 500 exceeded all but two of the index’s 11 sector groupings. As the index pushed to a record high last summer, the rise in those six companies’ shares accounted for half of its gain. They led on the way down too, dragging the broader market lower over the final three months of 2018 and nearly ending the longest bull market on record.So it’s notable, then, that as the S&P 500 rallied nearly 8 percent in January, the big technology stocks accounted for just 17 percent of the benchmark’s rise, according to data from Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst for S&P Dow Jones Indices. What happened? The companies have faced a fundamental question since late last year: Could they continue to pull in new users and generate more sales in a slowing global economy? Sales growth had begun to slow in the second half of 2018 and earnings updates in January haven’t fully resolved investors’ concerns about their trajectory. “This is the first quarter in my memory that technology has on the whole had worse metrics than the S&P 500,” said Sameer Samana, senior global market strategist at Wells Fargo Investment Institute, referring to the earnings and revenue growth rate of big technology companies.After Apple warned of diminishing demand for new iPhones in China earlier this year, its forecast for the current quarter wasn’t as dire as many on Wall Street had feared. The stock has gained 7.7 percent since then. Still, the iPhone maker reported a 15 percent drop in revenue, including a 27 percent decline in China, and its results indicated a difficult road ahead. Its stock remains nearly 30 percent below its peak.Amazon reported record profits and revenue. But its shares were down 5.4 percent Friday in part because revenue from online shopping slowed and the growth of Prime memberships appeared to have plateaued.Microsoft shares have fallen 3.4 percent since it reported on Wednesday. Revenue at the software giant has surged in recent years as its bet on cloud computing has paid off, but there were continued signs that that acceleration could be tapering off.Facebook, whose shares were the most battered among the big tech companies last year, was perhaps the bright spot this earnings season. Despite a string of scandals, the social network generated record revenue and profit last year. Its shares have jumped 10.5 percent since Wednesday.Netflix also said revenue would grow more slowly this quarter. Its stock is down almost 3.8 percent since it reported on Jan. 17.There is a big caveat to all the hand-wringing about slowing growth: All five companies still generate huge revenue. And should Beijing and Washington reach an agreement in the trade war, sales could pick up if the global economy, particularly China’s, begins to gain speed. “There was real concern that tech was the canary in the coal mine of what would be a very dark 2019,” said Daniel Ives, an analyst at Wedbush Securities covering technology companies. “Thus far a lot of those fears are proving overblown. That could set the stage for tech to make new highs this year, depending on what happens with China.”After the wrenching swings of late 2018 and early January, it was difficult to harbor many illusions about the stock market. It became clear that investing in stocks wasn’t easy, predictable or safe, at least in the short run. If you weren’t a risk taker or deeply committed for the long term, it was difficult to look at the market closely and remain calm.In fact, the long bull market had a near-death experience in December. Based on intraday trading, stocks descended just below the 20 percent-loss threshold that customarily denotes the birth of a bear market. Counting only prices at the market close, however, the Dow Jones industrial average didn’t quite fall into that dismal territory. Still, despite a market rise in January, losses have been severe, especially in sectors that had been highfliers, like technology. What’s an investor to do? Our quarterly survey contains some lessons and suggestions. After a Market Swoon, Investors Want SafetyRecession fears have emerged despite strong job growth, making some investors wary of stocks and looking for havens. But many strategists urge caution, saying it isn’t wise to pile on risk until the status of the market and the economy are clearer. Read more » Real Estate Funds Have Been a Balm in a Stinging MarketReal estate funds fared reasonably well through much of the autumn downturn. While headline-grabbing sectors like technology plunged, funds that invested in commercial real estate — office buildings, malls and warehouses — were fairly steady. What are their prospects in a really rocky market?Read more » For a While, Bond Funds Were an Exception to the Indexing RuleBonds are often a source of solace during stock downturns, and active bond funds have done relatively well compared with index funds. Active bond funds were actually beating index funds in 2018 until December, but then they fell behind. The problem is that index funds tend to be cheap and difficult to beat consistently. In the longer term, it’s hard to make a strong case for the human touch.Read more » I’ll Do Evil and I’ll Get Rich. You Can Have a Share.Social media companies have made a big mistake, our columnist John Schwartz says. They have apologized for what they say are errors. But he has a plan: He will proudly do bad things, evil things and, with total transparency, become obscenely rich.Read more » How 3 Funds Sidestepped a Market ThumpingSeveral top-performing funds outpaced their peers. They took different routes, like betting on Latin American companies, real estate investment trusts and dividend-paying stocks.Read more » Some Funds Win When Others Lose. But When the Others Win …So-called inverse funds that move against the market offer a way to hedge that can be splendid when most stocks fall. But these funds drop rapidly when the overall market rises, and they can quickly cause major damage to a portfolio.Read more » E.T.F.s Try to Lure Investors Into Ever Narrower NichesBy carving the stock market into specialized slices, these funds take investors into interesting places. Yet they may tempt shareholders to take imprudent risks in the quest for the next big thing.Read more » Health Care May Not Cure What Ails Portfolios This TimeDespite a history of performing well in down markets, investments in the health care industry have looked vulnerable amid uncertainty about American health insurance.Read more » A Book Says You Can Retire Early. But It Doesn’t Really Say How.The author of a new book argues that you probably can retire far sooner than you think, but she leaves out a lot of details.Read more » In This Market, It May Be Time to Play DefenseAfter a long stretch of market woes, investors have many choices for protecting their portfolios, from complicated maneuvers to a classic response: doing nothing.Read more » Follow Jeff Sommer on Twitter: @jeffsommerLONDON — Venezuela's oil output sank to a new long-term low last month due to U.S. sanctions and blackouts, the country told OPEC, deepening the impact of a global production curb and further tightening supplies.Supply cuts by OPEC and partners led by Russia, plus involuntary reductions in Venezuela and Iran, have helped drive a 32 percent rally in crude prices this year, prompting pressure from U.S. President Donald Trump for the group to ease its market-supporting efforts.In a monthly report released on Wednesday, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries said Venezuela told the group that it pumped 960,000 barrels per day (bpd) in March, a drop of almost 500,000 bpd from February. The figures could add to a debate within the so-called OPEC+ group of producers on whether to maintain oil supply cuts beyond June. A Russian official indicated this week Moscow wanted to pump more, although OPEC has been saying the curbs must remain.OPEC, Russia and other non-member producers are reducing output by 1.2 million bpd from Jan. 1 for six months. The producers are due to meet on June 25-26 to decide whether to extend the pact. One of the key Russian officials to foster the pact with OPEC, Kirill Dmitriev, signaled on Monday that Russia wanted to raise output when it meets OPEC in June because of improving market conditions and falling stockpiles.OPEC+ returned to supply cuts in 2019 out of concern that slowing economic growth and demand would lead to a new supply glut. OPEC's report said the economic backdrop was weakening and lowered its estimate of global growth in demand by 30,000 bpd to 1.21 million bpd."Newly available data has confirmed the recently observed downward trend in global economic activities," the report said.In a development that will ease OPEC concern about a new glut, the report also said inventories in developed economies fell in February, after rising in January.Stocks in February exceeded the five-year average - a yardstick OPEC watches closely - by 7.5 million barrels, less than in January.The report suggests that if OPEC kept pumping at March's rate it would slightly undersupply the world market in 2019, even with the lower demand outlook.For a graphic on World oil market balance 2019, see - https://tmsnrt.rs/2VBfVGG VENEZUELA OUTPUT SLIDESVenezuela's production figure brings its numbers closer to outside estimates, which have been saying the country's economic collapse has taken a bigger toll on its oil industry. Output in Venezuela, once a top-three OPEC producer, has been declining for years due to economic collapse. In March, supply dropped due to U.S. sanctions on state oil company PDVSA designed to oust President Nicolas Maduro, and power blackouts.Venezuela, plus Iran and Libya, were exempted from making voluntary curbs under the OPEC+ deal, on the basis that their output would probably fall anyway.OPEC's share of the cut is 800,000 bpd from in most cases October 2018 levels, and other figures in the report showed producers were removing far more than agreed.The group uses two sets of figures to monitor its output — figures provided by each country and by secondary sources that include industry media. This is a legacy of old disputes over how much countries were really pumping.Overall OPEC output fell by a further 534,000 bpd to 30.022 million bpd, according to the secondary-source figures. This was led not by Venezuela but by Saudi Arabia, which has voluntarily cut supply by more than it agreed to support the market.As a result, the 11 OPEC members required to cut output achieved 155 percent compliance in March with pledged curbs, according to a Reuters calculation, up from February.OPEC estimates that it needs to provide an average of 30.30 million bpd in 2019 to balance the market, a figure lowered by 160,000 bpd month-on-month partly due to weaker demand. Even so, the report indicates there will be a small 2019 deficit if OPEC keeps pumping at March's rate of just over 30 million bpd and other things remain equal. Last month's report had indicated a small surplus. (Editing by Dale Hudson and Frances Kerry)STUTTGART — German auto supplier Robert Bosch sees a further downturn in China this year after the country's car market posted its first decline in almost two decades last year, the head of its core auto parts unit said. "The skid marks in the Chinese car market will be seen again this year," Stefan Hartung on Monday said, adding that China's auto market saw a double-digit decline in the first quarter of 2019.Hartung said he was optimistic about sales in the company's biggest foreign market in the medium and long term due to China's still low saturation level of private vehicles, adding that a stabilisation was possible.He said mobility services such as car-sharing and shuttle-services would grow faster in China than in the U.S. or Europe.Bosch's sales in China in 2018 rose by just one percent, after a 25-percent rise the year before.  (Reporting by Ilona Wissenbach; writing by Riham Alkousaa; Editing by Tassilo Hummel and Kirsten Donovan)Millions of investors will receive year-end statements from their brokerages and retirement plan managers in the coming weeks, and the great majority of them will have unpleasant news: losses.The S&P 500 finished the year down 6.2 percent, with the steepest declines recorded in the fourth quarter. With Apple’s announcement of disappointing sales in China on Wednesday, the bad times for stocks continued in the first week of the new year. While most economic data has remained strong, there are some rumblings that 2019 may be quite a bit rougher than 2018. Corporate executives are becoming more pessimistic, according to surveys, and Americans are conducting Google searches for the word “recession” at the highest rate since the last one just ended in 2009.If it all makes you want to flee — or at least shift your 401(k) into cash — that’s understandable. It’s also a bad idea.The sensible response to this unnerving series of developments is to do pretty much anything else. Read a book. Go for a walk. Take up knitting. Or just do nothing at all, like take a nap. If you are a long-term investor (and any money you have tied up in the stock market should be intended for the long term to begin with), tumult like that of the last few months isn’t something that should cause panic. Rather, it’s the price you pay for enjoying returns that, over long time horizons, are likely to be substantially higher than those for cash or bonds.That’s true if this episode turns out to be a false alarm for the overall economy, as is a distinct possibility. But it’s also true even if this does turn out to be the start of a prolonged period of economic and market distress — especially if you are still in the phase of your life of contributing to a retirement plan or otherwise accumulating savings.ImageNapping at a brokerage office in Beijing in October.CreditJason Lee/ReutersThe recent pessimistic tone in markets is getting way ahead of the evidence. Nothing so far in either the economic data or the market indicators that most reliably predict economic swings suggests there will be anything worse than a modest slowdown in economic growth in 2019.Businesses are still expanding and adding jobs. The yield on two-year Treasury bonds has fallen in the last three months, but it would have fallen a lot more if the bond market — which tends to be closely tied to the direction of the overall economy — had been predicting an imminent recession.Moreover, an investor who moved money into cash now would be doing so just as the valuation of stocks was becoming more favorable — buying high and selling low, not the way great fortunes are made. That’s especially true when you factor in the drop in longer-term interest rates, which makes shares particularly appealing relative to bonds.In early November, investing $100 in stocks would buy you about $4.64 worth of corporate earnings, versus the $3.21 in interest you would could receive by investing in 10-year Treasury bonds. Now, stocks offer $5.25, while bonds offer only $2.61.But most important, even if the economic road ahead really is as bumpy as some in markets seem to fear, you’re probably not going to be successful at timing those swings just right.Of course, if you had a perfect ability to predict how far the market would fall and when it would bottom out, it would make sense to move money in and out. You do not.There is a wide range of evidence that people are pitiful at timing the market. Even supposed investment experts lack that prescience. Even if you turned out to be right about a continuing tumble in 2019, the great risk would be that whenever the rebound began, you would be caught out of position, unable to take advantage.Suppose you were clever enough to recognize at the start of December 2007 that a major recession was about to take place, and you moved your money out of stocks.Yes, you would have saved yourself from steep losses in 2008 and early 2009. But you have to ask yourself: Would I have also had the courage to put money back in while the economy was still in horrendous shape in 2009, with double-digit unemployment and a banking system in tatters?If not then, when would you have moved money back in? People who simply left their savings fully invested in the stock market in December 2007 have now made a 134 percent return on that money. Would you have done better than that, or would you have missed out on a big chunk of those gains out of the same caution that led you to pull money out of stocks to begin with?People who did not panic in the fall of 2008 — the most panic-worthy time in most of our lifetimes — and kept putting their retirement funds into stocks did indeed incur steep losses over the ensuing months. But their newly invested funds were being put into stocks at the most favorable valuations in a generation, and thus enjoyed the full benefit of the rebound when it eventually came. A truism of economic and financial cycles is that by the time it feels like the coast is clear and putting money into riskier investments is completely safe, the real money has already been made. People who looked at the economic chaos of early 2009 and stuck to their guns have ended up far better off than those who, convinced that a double-dip downturn was imminent, waited for years to get in.This equation changes, of course, if we’re talking about money needed imminently as opposed to longer-term savings, such as for retirement. The economy looks stable now, but that could change — it’s still possible that markets and C.E.O.s know something about the future that isn’t clear in the data yet.But that’s more of a fundamental argument about how your assets should be allocated. If an 18 percent drop in stocks is enough to cause you to change your entire investment strategy, that money shouldn’t have been in stocks to begin with.The entire point of investing in stocks is that you get greater long-term expected returns in exchange for tolerating bigger ups and downs. Episodes like those of the last few weeks are, in effect, the price you pay for returns that are substantially higher than bonds or cash over longer periods. Just as there are no free lunches, there are no excess returns without some volatility and risk.As individual investors, we cannot control volatility. What we can control is our own mind-set and reaction, and the more level your head, the better your long-term results are likely to be.ZURICH — Swiss eyecare company Alcon made its debut on the SIX Swiss Exchange on Tuesday with a market capitalisation of more than $25 billion after a shareholder spin-off from drugmaker Novartis, the Alpine nation's biggest stock deal in a decade.Alcon shares traded at 57.80 Swiss francs at 0800 GMT after opening at 55 Swiss francs per share, reaching a market cap of some 28 billion Swiss francs (21.46 billion pounds). Novartis shares, which closed on Tuesday at 95 francs, fell to 85.50 francs. Investors got one Alcon share for each five Novartis shares they held. Alcon, a $7.1 billion-per-year group which began as a Fort Worth, Texas, pharmacy in 1945, suffered flagging sales and profit before Novartis swapped out management in 2016 to help arrest the decline. Geneva-based Alcon now aims to strengthen its rank as the biggest ophthalmic surgery device maker and No. 2 maker of contact lenses and solutions behind Johnson & Johnson. "We are poised to achieve sustainable growth and create long-term shareholder value as a standalone company," Alcon Chief Executive David Endicott said. Giving Alcon to shareholders helps cap Novartis's years-long retreat from being a broad healthcare company, as Chief Executive Vas Narasimhan focuses on prescription drugs and specialised, costly treatments like gene therapy. "We continue to reimagine ourselves as a leading medicines company powered by breakthrough medicines, data science and advanced therapy platforms," Narasimhan said in a statement.  (Reporting by John Miller, editing by John Revill and Michael Shields)You may not have appreciated it at the time — golden eras have a habit of coming and going like that — but a five-year stretch that started in 2013 was a pretty great time to buy a washing machine. Inflation for home laundry equipment, as measured by the Labor Department, fell steadily during that time, which meant you could buy the same washer your neighbor bought last year for less money. Or you could buy a better one at the same price. Great news for your clothes, though maybe bad news for your friendship, if your neighbor was the covetous type. That stretch of laundry deflation ended last year, shortly after President Trump imposed tariffs, starting at 20 percent, on imported washers. The move was a response to a complaint filed by Whirlpool, a Michigan-based manufacturer. The company has long dominated the washing machine business — many Americans have had Whirlpools in their laundry rooms for decades — but has recently faced stiffer competition from foreign manufacturers. Whirlpool claimed that foreign competitors like LG and Samsung were flooding the appliance market with washing machines from South Korea and Mexico at prices so low that they were hurting American makers. As an effort to help domestic producers, the tariffs worked — very briefly. Whirlpool added 200 jobs at its factory in Clyde, Ohio. Its stock price jumped $20 per share in the first few days after the tariffs took effect. Then things went bad.A year after Mr. Trump announced the tariffs, washing machine prices were up, as many analysts had expected. But that has not been a boon to the makers of washers because fewer Americans are investing in new laundry equipment, exposing how protectionist trade policies can backfire on the very companies they are meant to safeguard. Tariffs of two varieties have pushed prices upThe washer-specific tariffs raised costs for importers like LG and Samsung. But another tariff issued by Mr. Trump, on imported steel, raised costs for some domestic manufacturers like Whirlpool, which took those companies by surprise. Many manufacturers passed those higher costs on to consumers. Once stores worked their way through models that had been imported before tariffs hit, deflation gave way to sharp price increases. After years of steady growth, sales reversed in 2018A basic rule of economics is that when the price of something goes up, people buy less of it. That’s just what happened to washing machines.Data from the Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers shows that shipments of washing machines increased by an average of 5 percent a year from 2015 to 2017. Last year, shipments fell 3 percent.Retailers saw that reaction in real time. “We have seen, as you mentioned, tariffs’ impact in laundry,” Craig Menear, the chairman and chief executive of the Home Depot, told analysts on an earnings call in November.Retailers were hurt, but manufacturers were hurt more Washing machines make up a small slice of Home Depot’s business. They’re more important for Whirlpool, Samsung and other manufacturers — and the stocks of those businesses have been hammered this year. Laundry appliances made up nearly 30 percent of Whirlpool’s sales in 2017. The company’s shares gave up their initial gains after the tariffs were announced, and then fell some more.Through the third quarter, Whirlpool’s unit sales were down 2.5 percent in North America, compared with the same period in its previous fiscal year. The company’s executives said in an October earnings call that they expected to be hit by an additional $300 million in cost increases, largely driven by the steel tariff, in the year to come. A Whirlpool spokesman declined to comment, citing a company policy not to talk about continuing trade issues. But the company confirmed it did, in fact, add 200 employees in Ohio.Things should get better in 2019Mr. Trump’s tariff rate on washing machines will drop two percentage points, to 18 percent, this year, which should mildly ease the pressure on companies and consumers. Retailers say they have seen signs that suggest the worst is over: Ted Decker, executive vice president for merchandising at Home Depot, told analysts in November that after several difficult months with washing machines, “our laundry sales and unit productivity is on par, if not slightly better, than the average of our overall appliance business.”The three-month average for laundry equipment inflation peaked in July, at 20 percent. In December, that increase was just 1.6 percent. This makes sense, economically: Tariffs jolted prices upward, but the overall trend in the appliance industry remains downward. If your neighbor bought a new washer last June and you buy the same one this June, there’s a decent chance it will be cheaper.You might not even need to wait that long. Retail websites suggest that if you run out to your local appliance store this weekend, you’re likely to find a bunch of washing machines, American made and imported, on sale. The momentum behind the American economy is strong. In 2018, unemployment hit its lowest rate in 49 years, 3.7 percent. Real wages were (finally) increasing and inflation remained muted. In 2019, growth is projected to slow but still remain above 2 percent.Yet risks abound. The trade war and the escalating drama over the government shutdown threaten growth. Meanwhile, the Federal Reserve’s inaugural Financial Stability Report, an early warning system for the financial markets, recently highlighted the vulnerabilities created by investors who show a “high tolerance for risk-taking” in the market for corporate debt. The economy’s continued health will hinge on whether big Wall Street banks can withstand shocks caused by these or other threats and continue lending.On this front, it is far from certain that banks and their regulators are prepared.Years of low interest rates have brought about excessive business debt and elevated prices for corporate bonds. The corporate bond market has swelled to nearly $7 trillion. The debt owed by businesses as a percentage of gross domestic product is at a record high. But the credit quality of investment-grade bonds has deteriorated. Underwriting standards on “leveraged loans” to risky companies have eroded. And until recently, yields on junk debt remained low, a sign that investors are too willing to take on the risk of bonds held by companies with less-than-stellar credit.These vulnerabilities can amplify shocks and create systemic disruptions. In a market downturn, widespread downgrades of corporate bonds could induce a sell-off, precipitating sharp declines in the price of bonds and feeding a cycle of further downgrades, margin calls and sell-offs. Highly leveraged corporations may have difficulty refinancing or getting more credit, increasing the risk of corporate defaults and bankruptcies.Cracks are already forming. In December, borrowing in the high-yield bond market came to a standstill. Deals in the leveraged loan market are also delayed from a lack of interest from mutual funds and collateralized loan obligation managers, the largest buyers of leveraged loans. These events signal trouble ahead for highly indebted companies seeking more financing.This instability raises a basic question: Are the big banks strong enough to handle it? The Fed seems to think they are. The banks are better capitalized than before the 2008 financial crisis, and stress tests show they can withstand steep declines in prices of assets that they hold. But the Fed may be overly optimistic.Wall Street banks have significant exposure to corporate debt. They underwrite and make markets in corporate bonds, make leveraged loans, invest in collateralized loan obligations, extend credit to businesses, including highly leveraged hedge funds, and buy and sell protection on corporate debt in the credit default swap market.In a crisis, these exposures could serve as a channel for contagion in a highly interconnected financial system dominated by large banks.Yet bank stress tests don’t adequately capture this dynamic. Stress tests don’t consider how a firm’s response to a shock can reverberate. They also understate the effect of financial-sector distress on the economy. This helps explain why the tests have allowed bank capital to decline slightly despite elevated asset prices and increasingly stringent scenarios.Stress tests also rely primarily on risk-based capital ratios, which vary based on the perceived riskiness of a bank’s assets. These ratios are routinely gamed and, as we learned in 2008, are a poor indicator of a firm’s financial health. A more credible yardstick is the supplementary leverage ratio, which is a simple cap on the percentage of a bank’s funding from debt. But based on recent remarks by senior Fed officials, its role in stress testing may be eliminated altogether.To be sure, reforms put in place after the 2008 financial crisis have enhanced bank resilience. The eight global systemically important banks in the United States now abide by additional capital and liquidity requirements, including a surcharge intended to ensure they absorb the effects of their own failure without disrupting the broader economy. But here, too, there are deficiencies. In calculating the surcharge, the Fed relies on incomplete historical data that ignore losses that taxpayer bailouts averted in the last crisis. These deficiencies don’t inspire confidence.Recessions that emerge from distress in the financial sector tend to run deeper and last longer than other recessions. As the former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker recently warned, the danger comes from “standing by while bubbles and excesses threaten financial markets.”So far, regulators appear to be doing exactly that — or worse.In recent months, regulators have proposed to reduce liquidity buffers of banks with as much as $700 billion in assets, dilute the strength and frequency of stress tests, water down the Volcker Rule prohibition on risky trading and cut leverage capital requirements for corporate derivatives exposures. Pressed by lobbyists and others, regulators are now contemplating a further weakening of the surcharge on the eight systemically important banks.To prevent a repeat of 2008, regulators must look beyond the concerns of bank lobbyists. Instead of cutting capital to increase shareholder returns or making it easier to bail out giant financial institutions the next time around, regulators must address threats to the economy. This means requiring thicker capital cushions for the big banks and tighter leveraged loan underwriting standards. These steps would help secure a safer financial system and possibly avoid another crisis.Sheila C. Bair was chairwoman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation from 2006 to 2011 and is a founding director of the Volcker Alliance and the Systemic Risk Council. Gaurav Vasisht is the director of financial regulation at the Volcker Alliance.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Get the DealBook newsletter to make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them.__________The trade war didn’t seem to discourage Chinese companies from listing their shares on American exchanges last year. In fact, it might have brought more Chinese companies to Wall Street.Tencent Music’s trading debut on the New York Stock Exchange in December capped a wave of Chinese companies going public in the United States. In total, 33 Chinese firms raised $9.2 billion through initial public offerings on American exchanges — up 140 percent from 2017 and the highest level since 2014, according to Dealogic.Of course, 2014 comes with an asterisk of sorts. Alibaba went public in September that year, raising $25 billion. Subtract the value of Alibaba’s offering and Chinese firms raised just $3 billion that year.Last year, however, offerings from Chinese firms dominated the United States market for initial public offerings. The three largest I.P.O.s by market value were Chinese companies. And Chinese firms accounted for four of the 10 largest such offerings in 2018 ranked by amount raised on American exchanges, the most of any country, including the United States, according to Dealogic.Why list in America?American exchanges offer prestige and a broader investor base that Chinese entrepreneurs can find attractive. The United States also offers a quicker route to the public markets. While Chinese regulators have taken steps to reduce the long wait, it still takes 18 months or longer for shares to begin trading from the time a company files to go public. That compares with just 42 days to list in the United States, according to Dealogic.But the trade war may also have been a factor.A slowing Chinese economy and escalating trade tensions dragged down markets in Hong Kong and China before stocks in the United States turned seriously wobbly. At their lows in late October, the Hang Seng stock index and the benchmark stock indexes in Shenzhen and Shanghai were down 15 percent to 35 percent for the year. By comparison, the S & P 500 was still up 2.5 percent at that point, making it far more attractive for offerings.The economic uncertainty that roiled the stock market at the end of 2018 hurt Citigroup’s trading business, the bank said on Monday, as a busy week of quarterly earnings reports by the country’s largest banks got off to a shaky start.Citi said it had almost a half-billion dollars less in revenue in the year’s fourth quarter than analysts had expected. The cause of the drop, the bank said, was an unexpectedly sharp decline in revenue from trading in government bonds, foreign currencies and other fixed income products as falling stock prices spooked investors.Investors have fretted for the past several months over the Federal Reserve’s next moves and President Trump’s unpredictable trade tariff announcements. Those concerns are not likely to dissipate, and Citi’s chief executive, Michael Corbat, said they could eventually be more of a drag on the economy than actual policy changes.“Right now, we see the biggest risk in the global economy as one of talking ourselves into a recession,” Mr. Corbat said in a conference call with analysts.Still, Citi warned that monetary and trade policies could affect its performance in the future.The bank’s chief financial officer, John Gerspach, said in a call with reporters that continuing uncertainty about how various countries’ central banks will carry out plans to drain excess cash from the global financial system and about the Trump administration’s protracted trade war with China risked hurting the American economy in the second half of this year or early in 2020.Citi recorded $17.1 billion in revenue for the quarter, compared with the $17.6 billion expected by analysts. The deficit did not indicate major problems for the bank, but it showed that, however vague, investors’ worries about the future can have a measurable impact on a big corporation’s results.[Read more about the key factors affecting stocks and the economy.]Furious activity in the financial markets can sometimes help companies that are close to Wall Street by generating more business for them, but Citi’s clients opted to hold tight as stocks began to drop in September, Mr. Gerspach said.“Clients — investors and corporate clients — waited on the sidelines,” he said.Citi customers, Mr. Gerspach said, did not ask the bank to make many trades on their behalf because they were “waiting for clearer market conditions” that never came.“In December, they got worse,” he said.As a result, Citi’s fixed income trading revenue for the fourth quarter was down 21 percent from the same period a year earlier and 39 percent below the results for the third quarter of 2018.The bank’s performance in other areas was solid. Loans and deposits ticked up again, and Citi said the administration’s corporate tax cuts had been slightly better for its balance sheet than originally estimated. Citi shares were up nearly 4 percent in trading Monday.Citigroup was the first of the country’s major banks to report fourth-quarter results. JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo will issue their reports on Tuesday, with Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley set to do so on Wednesday.Good Thursday morning. Want this by email? Sign up here.Apple cuts its forecast, blaming a slowdown in ChinaEvidence continues to mount that China’s economy is slowing faster than expected.The latest data point comes courtesy of Apple. A significant slowdown in iPhone sales in China forced the company to reduce revenue expectations for its most recent quarter. The company said yesterday that it expected revenue of about $84 billion in the quarter that ended Dec. 29, down from a previous estimate of $89 billion to $93 billion.It was the first time Apple had lowered its quarterly forecast in 16 years. The NYT’s Jack Nicas and Keith Bradsher write:“Apple’s surprise announcement added to concerns about the ability of American tech giants to navigate an increasingly uncertain economy and a continuing trade war between the United States and China. China has become Apple’s third-largest market in recent years, driven mostly by iPhone sales.”Apple’s announcement is the latest warning from corporate America about the impact of the trade war, which may be harder to defend now that the collateral damage includes one of the country’s most recognizable brands. Companies like FedEx and Starbucks are already struggling in China. And other American businesses, especially tech players and Detroit automakers, could suffer as well.More: The optimistic narrative about Apple’s iPhone business is falling apart, writes Bloomberg Opinion’s Shira Ovide.____________________________Today’s DealBook Briefing was written by Andrew Ross Sorkin and Stephen Grocer in New York, and Tiffany Hsu and Gregory Schmidt in Paris.____________________________Markets prepare for a drop as the bears re-emergeApple’s announcement added to investors’ concerns about slowing global growth and reawakened the stock market’s bears. The Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq futures tumbled more than 1 percent overnight.Shares of Apple dropped more than 9 percent in after-hours trading, a loss that was reflected in a wider range of companies. Chip makers like Advanced Micro Devices, Nvidia, Skyworks and Qorvo were among the hardest hit, down more than 3 percent. The electronics retailer Best Buy slipped 2 percent, and companies with big business in China such as Boeing and Caterpillar fell 2 percent.Markets across Asia fell today, as investors shed technology stocks. European markets opened lower as well.Tesla has a record quarter, but price cuts prompt a sell-offApple wasn’t the only company to spook investors yesterday, as Tesla broke records in its fourth quarter but failed to impress the market.Good numbers, but not good enough: The automaker said it delivered 90,700 vehicles in the period, surpassing its earlier high. Of those, 63,150 were Model 3 sedans, a 13 percent improvement on the prior three-month span, but nonetheless below Wall Street’s expectations. The growth rate for the Model 3, Tesla’s first mass-market offering, fell short compared with the third quarter, when sales more than doubled amid a rush of initial orders.Demand concerns: Investors were especially perturbed by Tesla’s announcement that it was cutting prices of all models in the U.S. by $2,000 per car. The automaker said it was adjusting to a Jan. 1 reduction of a federal electric-vehicle tax credit for Tesla buyers to $3,750 from $7,500. But what the market saw was a warning that, after a surge of early interest in the Model 3, buyers may be waiting for a more affordable option, writes Bloomberg Opinion’s Liam Denning:“This suggests that the vast majority of reservation holders are either waiting overseas, where Tesla says deliveries should start next month, or (and this is probably the bigger group) are waiting for cheaper variants such as the long-promised $35,000 version. That latter group poses a potential threat to Tesla’s profit margins in the quarters ahead, especially as Model 3 production remains below previous targets.”Tesla shares ended trading nearly 7 percent lower.Censorship in China becomes a growing businessThousands of low-wage workers in China are trawling the internet in search of forbidden content in a lucrative new industry: censorship factories.Playing it safe: For Chinese companies, staying on the safe side of government censors is a matter of life and death. Adding to the burden, the authorities demand that companies censor themselves, spurring them to hire thousands of people to police content. “It helps cleanse the online environment,” one worker said.Little tolerance: China has built the world’s most extensive and sophisticated online censorship system. It grew even stronger under President Xi Jinping, who wants the internet to play a greater role in strengthening the Communist Party’s hold on society. More content is considered sensitive. Punishments are getting more severe.Rising influence: China’s vision of a government-supervised internet reverberates in other countries. Even in Western Europe and the United States, traditional bastions of free expression, companies are examining their digital limits. Platforms like Facebook and YouTube have said that they would hire thousands more workers to better monitor their content.China’s ‘new chapter’ in lunar explorationChina may have missed the starting gun in the international space race, but said today that it was the first to land a lunar probe on the far side of the moon.The Chang’e-4 vehicle, named after the lunar goddess in Chinese mythology, landed in the moon’s oldest and deepest crater and sent back the first close-up images of a region that perpetually faces away from earth.The China National Space Administration, which hopes to put astronauts in a lunar base by the end of the next decade, called the feat “a new chapter in humanity’s exploration of the moon.” The mission could help advance understanding of the moon’s origins and evolution, and better position China to tap minerals and other resources discovered there.China landed a rover on the moon in 2013, decades after a Soviet Union spacecraft reached the surface in 1959 and the United States successfully sent its Apollo 11 team in 1969. China’s future plans in space involve sending astronauts to Mars and a probe to Jupiter, according to the WSJ.The evolution of human welfare“The world got better last year, and it is going to get even better this year,” Greg Ip writes in the WSJ. Problems like illiteracy, poverty and violent deaths have been dropping worldwide, Ip writes, but the news has received little attention because the decline has been slow and steady.The gradual progress is coming about through basic rules of growth:“Invest more in your human and physical capital, open yourself to markets and trade — that’s right, globalization is good — and incomes will rise.”This has lead to momentous change: Half the world is now middle class.Revolving doorHalliburton named Jeff Miller its chairman after David Lesar retired on Monday following a 25-year career with the company. Mr. Miller became chief executive of the oil field services giant in 2017, taking over from Mr. Lesar, who had succeeded Dick Cheney in 2000. (Bloomberg)The speed readDeals• China Tobacco International, a subsidiary of the state-owned company that sells 98 percent of all tobacco products in China, has filed for an initial public offering in Hong Kong. (Reuters)• Apollo Global Management is said to be in talks to buy the industrial parts maker Arconic, which sold combustible material used at the site of the deadly Grenfell Tower fire in Britain in 2017, for about $22 a share. A deal could be reached by the middle of this month. (Bloomberg)• Qatar Airways made its first major investment in mainland China, buying 5 percent of China Southern Airlines, the country’s largest carrier. (CNN)• Loosened regulations led to 162 U.S. television stations changing hands last year, up from 104 the prior year. The $8.4 billion in deals stemmed from local stations’ advertising woes and pressure from increasingly powerful broadcast networks. (FT)Politics and policy• The partial government shutdown continues after President Trump rejected Democrats’ proposals to restart operations during negotiations and pushed for a border wall during a contentious White House meeting. (NYT)• Representative Nancy Pelosi, Democrat of California, is poised to become House speaker again, solidifying her status as the highest-ranking and most powerful elected woman in U.S. history. (NYT)• Complaints of sexual harassment and pay disparity by former staff members for Bernie Sanders’s 2016 presidential campaign have circulated in recent weeks, and the Vermont senator’s perceived failure to address this issue could potentially hinder a second run at the White House. (NYT)• Senator-elect Mitt Romney, Republican of Utah, declined to endorse President Trump’s re-election, saying that the president “has not risen to the mantle of the office.” His comments touched off a series of counterattacks from Mr. Trump’s allies. (NYT)• FedEx said it would abandon its plan to begin cargo flights to Cuba, ending more than two years of effort to start the service after relations between the island nation and the U.S. chilled under the Trump administration. (Bloomberg)Tech• Roku will allow users to buy pay-TV subscriptions through its streaming service starting late this month, much like Amazon and its Prime Video platform. The feature will include channels such as Showtime, Starz and Epix. (WSJ)• After steep declines in the price of bitcoin and other digital assets, fund managers focused on cryptocurrencies are asking skittish investors to stay the course. (FT)• Robot workers replacing humans? Not quite, says the World Bank, which reports that the rise of automation has barely affected global employment so far. (Bloomberg)• The Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba and the Belgian government formed a partnership to create a trade hub to help small and medium-size companies in the country sell products abroad. (CNBC)Best of the rest • Amid a glut of luxury properties and concerns about the economy, the median price of an apartment in Manhattan fell 5.8 percent at the end of 2018 to $999,000 — the first time in three years it was below $1 million. (FT)• Temporary administrators appointed by the European Central Bank will oversee the Italian lender Banca Carige after most of its board members resigned following a fraud scandal and disagreement over a turnaround plan. (FT)• Blake W. Nordstrom, co-president of his family’s namesake retailer who helped lead the company through one of the industry’s most tumultuous periods, died yesterday in Seattle at age 58. (Seattle Times)• In a “flash crash,” the Australian dollar and other major currencies collapsed against the safe-haven yen in a matter of seconds. (Reuters)• Investors expect interest rates will end 2019 no higher than where they started. (WSJ)• Current worldwide debt: nearly $250 trillion, or three times the amount two decades ago. The U.S., China, the eurozone and Japan are the biggest borrowers. (WSJ)• A data analysis of about 16,000 shale wells operated by 29 of the biggest producers in Texas and North Dakota reveals that many are yielding less than their owners projected to investors. Such projections can create an “illusory picture.” (WSJ)• Uncertainty over Britain’s exit from the European Union and rising cost pressure have the British economy in a “weak holding pattern,” the British Chambers of Commerce said. (FT)• An economic and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela, exacerbated by financial sanctions, pushed the country’s oil exports to a 28-year low. (Bloomberg)• The popularity of meat alternatives has caught the attention of McDonald’s, the leading fast food company, and an increasing number of food and agricultural companies have been investing in alternative protein start-ups. (FT)• As consumers swap meat for leafy greens, Nestle is preparing for its biggest push yet into the booming vegan market, hoping to turn the trend in plant-based eating into a billion-dollar business. (Bloomberg)• As global economic growth wanes and investors shift toward the view that further increases of interest rates by the Fed would be a mistake, there is little on the horizon to reverse the slide in Treasury yields. (Bloomberg)• Morgan Stanley is the world’s top stock underwriter again. Its secret: Dealmakers who helped start-ups tap a spigot of private money. (Bloomberg)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you tomorrow.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com.SAN FRANCISCO — Slack, a workplace messaging company, said Monday that it had confidentially filed paperwork for an initial public offering, joining the growing number of technology start-ups heading to the stock market.Slack, which is based in San Francisco, gave no details about the offering’s timing and said it was awaiting a standard review of its paperwork by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The move was expected given that Slack’s chief executive, Stewart Butterfield, had long indicated that he planned to take the company public. Slack recently hired Goldman Sachs to lead the offering.Slack’s confidential filing comes amid a rush by privately held companies to go public this year. Many of these start-ups, which have been highly valued by private investors, are part of a generation of technology companies known as unicorns. Public share sales by the companies are expected to create a bonanza of riches in Silicon Valley for entrepreneurs and venture capital investors.In December, the ride-hailing companies Uber and Lyft filed confidential paperwork for their own public offerings. Their efforts stalled temporarily last month when a government shutdown hampered the S.E.C.’s ability to review the companies’ registration documents. Other tech companies expected to go public this year include the online scrapbooking firm Pinterest.Slack declined to comment beyond its statement about the confidential filing.There is likely to be a strong demand for Slack stock. The company was valued at $7.1 billion by private investors last year, but in recent weeks investment firms have offered to buy its shares at a price that values Slack at $13 billion, according to a person with knowledge of the details who was not authorized to speak publicly.Slack also plans an unusual form of public offering called a direct listing, the person added. Unlike most I.P.O.s, in which firms sell stock to public market investors in advance, direct listings let a company begin trading its shares on an exchange without raising new funds. Spotify, a provider of streaming music, went public in 2018 in a direct listing, paving the way for other high-profile start-ups to follow.With a direct listing, shareholders can also sell their stock immediately after the public offering, instead of waiting for what is known as a lockup period to expire.Slack has little need for cash. It raised $427 million in new financing in August, a year after raising $250 million. The company has collected a total of more than $1 billion from investors that include the SoftBank Vision Fund, General Atlantic, Dragoneer Investment Group and T. Rowe Price Associates.Mr. Butterfield began Slack out of a gaming start-up, Tiny Speck. While the company’s game products failed to take off, its internal communication tool showed promise. In 2014, the company began selling that communication tool, called Slack.Start-ups quickly adopted Slack, and larger companies followed suit. The company offers free and paid versions of Slack and counts more than 85,000 paying customers, including 65 Fortune 100 companies. Last month, Slack said 10 million people now used its product every day. The company generated more than $350 million in revenue last year, said the person with knowledge of the details.Some companies that have filed to go public have never reached that finish line. Over the last year, a number of high-profile business software companies that took steps to go public were snapped up by a tech giant at the last minute. In November, for example, Qualtrics, an analytics start-up, sold to SAP for $8 billion just days before it was set to ring the opening bell at Nasdaq.Google, Microsoft and Amazon have previously expressed interest in acquiring Slack, but the company has demurred. Now some of them have increasingly begun to compete with the start-up. When Microsoft introduced its own workplace messaging company, Microsoft Teams, in 2016, Slack took out a newspaper ad directed at its new competitor.“We’re genuinely excited to have some competition,” it read.In January, Microsoft announced that 420,000 organizations used its Teams product, including 89 of the Fortune 100.After rising for nine years in a so-so economy in the belief that prosperity was just around the corner, stocks swooned, even as growth picked up.That left many investors wondering whether the economy is turning another corner into a place where danger, maybe even a recession and a prolonged bear market, lurk.The S&P 500 dropped 13.5 percent during the fourth quarter, including dividends, giving the index a 4.4 percent loss for the year by that measure. It was the worst performance since 2008, despite strong corporate earnings and the best readings in several decades in unemployment and consumer confidence.As 2019 unfolds and the economic picture becomes clearer, it is possible that stocks will have a sustained, orderly recovery, investment advisers say. But achieving that clarity will take time, so they encourage investors to demand a lot of evidence that a recession will be avoided before they commit money to stocks or other risky assets.“A lot of the derating that happened in the second half of 2018 started off being driven by political risk, but in the last few weeks, it has been driven by concerns about growth and stability,” said Kate Moore, chief equity strategist at BlackRock, referring to the decline in stocks. “I think that’s going to go on in the first few weeks of 2019. Everyone’s focused on economic data.”Ms. Moore highlighted surveys showing weaker-than-expected business conditions and added: “It’s going to take time for that to work itself through the market. I would expect more volatility as we take in new data points.”Just how weak those data points are likely to be is hard to predict.“The underlying fundamentals of the economy certainly have deteriorated,” said Edward Yardeni, president of Yardeni Research. He noted that the five monthly regional business surveys conducted by Federal Reserve districts “were all extremely weak in December.”But the latest employment report was not. It showed 312,000 net jobs created last month.“We have a very mixed economic picture right now,” Mr. Yardeni said. “It all adds up to an economy that’s slowing but probably still growing.” If that’s true, then 2019 may not be so bad for the market.“Stocks are very cheap, with one important qualification,” he said: “You have to believe the economy is not going to wind up in recession.”He then offered another qualification, about forthcoming corporate earnings reports: “We still have to curb our enthusiasm because we can’t get too excited about the earnings outlook.”The tax cuts that took effect in 2018 sent earnings up so much for the year — the latest estimate for the S&P 500 was 20.2 percent, according to FactSet Research — that a 5 percent rise in earnings in 2019, aided by corporate buybacks, is about as much as Wall Street can expect, Mr. Yardeni said. FactSet’s latest forecast is for a 7.3 percent increase.Despite some good days for the market in January that may have been prompted by signs of flexibility from the Federal Reserve, the way stocks tumbled late in the year hardly inspires confidence. With anything like a repeat performance, investors will have to hope that other assets provide better protection than in 2018, when there were few places to hide.“Cash was the only major asset class that posted positive returns in ’18,” according to a Bank of America report. Even the reed-thin 1.9 percent return on cash in money market funds was less than the 2.2 percent consumer inflation rate, the report said, but at least it was a positive number. Long-term government bonds, corporate bonds and gold all lost ground, although they beat the return of the S&P 500. Oil and foreign stocks were among the investments that did worse.The average domestic stock fund lost 14.2 percent in the fourth quarter, with specialists in natural resources, technology and financial services leading the way down. These funds dropped 6.8 percent during the year, according to Morningstar. International stock funds outperformed during the quarter, losing 10.9 percent, but trailed badly for the full year, down 13.2 percent.Bond funds lost 0.9 percent in the quarter and 1 percent for all of 2018. High-yield portfolios were particularly weak, off 4.6 percent for the quarter and 2.8 percent for the year.Such across-the-board weakness is rare “because what tends to be bad for one asset tends to be good for some other asset somewhere,” said Ben Inker, head of asset allocation for the investment firm GMO. “The basic exception is when there is a combination of rising rates and slowing growth. Risky assets don’t like slowing growth, and fixed income doesn’t like rising rates.”Mr. Inker, like many, is worried that the Fed could push a fragile economy into recession. That would be “fairly ugly for valuations” of American stocks, he said, and he would avoid them even if he were confident that a recession could be skirted. He prefers stocks and bonds in emerging markets, which are much cheaper than their counterparts in mature economies.“We’re reasonably bullish on our ability to make money in 2019, just not in the assets most people have most of their money in,” he said.One reason for the poor returns on stocks, especially in December, is that the Fed initially had not seemed to share the fear felt on Wall Street. When the Fed raised its target for short-term interest rates last month, the move was almost universally anticipated, but the statement about economic conditions and monetary policy made after the increase “was not as dovish as the market was hoping for,” said Steve Kane, a bond fund manager at TCW.Recent data “signals an economic slowdown,” and not just in the United States, Mr. Kane said. Surveys “confirm a significant drop in manufacturing activity. There are also signals that growth in China is slowing dramatically and significantly,” he said.The flattening yield curve, with short-term interest rates approaching long-term rates, is consistent with an economy that is running out of steam, and a source of concern in itself. But recent remarks by Jerome H. Powell, the Federal Reserve chairman, that the central bank will have “patience” in deciding whether to raise rates, appeared to cheer the markets.If rates are priced for a slowdown, some corporate bonds are not, Mr. Kane said. At least not yet. Spreads in yields between corporate and government debt have widened, taking bond prices down. Medium-term investment-grade corporate issues yielded 1.76 percentage points more than equivalent Treasury paper, as of Tuesday, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, and an index of high-yield debt yielded 4.65 points more. A two-point cushion is roughly where investment-grade spreads tend to peak during a slowdown, but high-yield spreads typically soar to 10 points.“One should look at the fixed-income market as being more attractive to invest in 2019 than 2018, but one must still invest with some degree of caution, especially in the high-yield market,” he said. “There will be better opportunities later in the year” in high yield, while “there is not too much downside to investment-grade credit at this point.” He called it “a fairly good asset class if we’re in the midst of a bear market in equities.”Stocks that Ms. Moore at BlackRock thinks would do comparatively well against such a backdrop are of companies that are financially strong and able to grow, even when economic growth is modest at best. Health care is her top sector because it has those defensive qualities, as well as pockets of innovation, such as in medical technology, that support high profit margins.She said she is “not throwing in the towel on tech” in general, despite plunging share prices in big names like Apple and Facebook, and she said she particularly likes Asian tech companies. Ms. Moore also is “modestly encouraged” about emerging markets in Latin America and Asia, most notably Brazil and India.Brian Singer, head of dynamic allocation strategies at William Blair & Company, has been investing “with a greater emphasis on risk management,” he said. He finds American stocks “fundamentally less attractive” than others, such as emerging markets, including the two that Ms. Moore mentioned.Among mature economies, Mr. Singer likes Britain, although he would rather wait until the question of its departure from the European Union, Brexit, is settled before stepping in, and Spain. Markets he is shunning, aside from the United States, are Japan, Canada, Mexico and South Africa. As for bonds, he is avoiding the high-yield market, and he talked up the virtues of another asset class that is often overlooked.“In this environment, cash will be a relatively good alternative,” he said. “It won’t be a great return generator, but being cautious and holding cash is not a bad idea. It really is a time to remain defensive and have dry powder on hand.”With so much up in the air, Mr. Yardeni recommends not getting carried away. Investors should be selective about stocks and avoid index-tracking exchange-traded funds.“This is probably a year for stock pickers,” he said. “It’s not a year for E.T.F.s.”He would emphasize domestic stocks and limit exposure to emerging markets, which may suffer from soft commodity prices, and to Europe, which is dealing with thorny issues like Brexit and Italy’s recalcitrance in reining in government spending. The aging population bodes ill for long-term growth in Europe, too, Mr. Yardeni said, something that also applies in China.He favors industries like technology, communications and media, which he expects to benefit over the long haul from the impending introduction of 5G, the fifth generation of mobile communications technology. Big banks and health care companies should do well, too, he said.With investors focused on what’s going wrong, Mr. Kane recommends that they also keep in mind what’s going right, in particular the strong job market, although he noted that employment is often the last indicator to deteriorate as the economic cycle turns.“If that part of the economy holds up, then this may not be a recession,” he said. “You could get a very nice return for stocks if that turns out to be the environment.” But he acknowledged that it’s a big if.A crucial question for him is whether the decline will be fairly mild by the time it’s over, or something more severe, as in the 2008 financial crisis. For all the talk of recession, the losses so far have appeared calm and orderly, suggesting to him that too few investors have been asking the same question.“Whether it’s a garden-variety or end-of-days bear market,” he said, “there’s going to be panic, and we haven’t gotten quite there yet.”On most afternoons, people arrive from across New York City with backpacks and plastic bags filled with boxes of small plastic strips, forming a line on the sidewalk outside a Harlem storefront.Hanging from the awning, a banner reads: “Get cash with your extra diabetic test strips.”Each strip is a laminate of plastic and chemicals little bigger than a fingernail, a single-use diagnostic test for measuring blood sugar. More than 30 million Americans have Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes, and most use several test strips daily to monitor their condition.But at this store on W. 116th Street, each strip is also a lucrative commodity, part of an informal economy in unused strips nationwide. Often the sellers are insured and paid little out of pocket for the strips; the buyers may be underinsured or uninsured, and unable to pay retail prices, which can run well over $100 for a box of 100 strips.Some clinicians are surprised to learn of this vast resale market, but it has existed for decades, an unusual example of the vagaries of American health care. Unlike the resale of prescription drugs, which is prohibited by law, it is generally legal to resell unused test strips. And this store is far from the only place buying. Mobile phones light up with robo-texts: “We buy diabetic test strips!” Online, scores of companies thrive with names like TestStripSearch.com and QuickCash4TestStrips.com.“I’m taking advantage, as are my peers, of a loophole,” said the owner of one popular site, who asked that his name not be used. “We’re allowed to do that. I don’t even think we should be, frankly.”Test strips were first developed in 1965 to provide an immediate reading of blood sugar, or glucose, levels. The user pricks a finger, places a drop of blood on the strip, and inserts it into a meter that provides a reading.The test strips were created for use in doctors’ offices, but by 1980 medical-device manufacturers had designed meters for home use. They became the standard of care for many people with diabetes, who test their blood as often as ten times a day.Test strips are a multi-billion-dollar industry. A 2012 study found that among insulin-dependent patients who monitor their blood sugar, strips accounted for nearly one-quarter of pharmacy costs. Today, four manufacturers account for half of global sales.In a retail pharmacy, name-brand strips command high prices. But like most goods and services in American health care, that number doesn’t reflect what most people pay.The sticker price is the result of behind-the-scenes negotiations between the strips’ manufacturer and insurers. Manufacturers set a high list price and then negotiate to become an insurer’s preferred supplier by offering a hefty rebate. These transactions are invisible to the insured consumer, who might cover a copay, at most. But the arrangement leaves the uninsured — those least able to pay — paying sky-high sticker prices out of pocket. Also left out are the underinsured, who may need to first satisfy a high deductible. For a patient testing their blood many times a day, paying for strips out-of-pocket could add up to thousands of dollars a year. Small wonder, then, that a gray market thrives. The middlemen buy extras from people who obtained strips through insurance, at little cost to themselves, and then resell to the less fortunate.That was the opportunity that caught Chad Langley’s eye. He and his twin brother launched the website Teststripz.com to solicit test strips from the public for resale. Today they buy strips from roughly 8,000 people; their third-floor office in Reading, Mass., receives around 100 deliveries a day.The amount the Langleys pay depends on the brand, expiration date and condition, but the profit margins are reliably high. For example, the brothers will pay $35 plus shipping for a 100-count box of the popular brand Freestyle Lite in mint condition.The Langleys sell the box for $60. CVS, by contrast, retails the strips for $164.The Langleys are mainly buying up excess strips from insured patients who have been flooded with them, sometimes even when not medically necessary. Although patients who manage their diabetes with non-insulin medications or with diet and exercise needn’t test their blood sugar daily, a recent analysis of insurance claims found that nearly one in seven patients still used test strips regularly.‘It’s a tiny little piece of plastic that’s super cheap to manufacture, and they’ve managed to make a cash cow out of it.’Gretchen ObristThe market glut is also a consequence of a strategy adopted by manufacturers to sell patients proprietary meters designed to read only their brand of strips. If a patient’s insurer shifts her to a new brand, she must get a new meter, often leaving behind a supply of useless strips.While some resellers use websites like Amazon or eBay to market strips directly to consumers, the biggest profits are in returning them to retail pharmacies, which sell them as new and bill the customer’s insurance the full price.The insurer reimburses the pharmacy the retail price and then demands a partial rebate from the manufacturer — but it’s a rebate the manufacturer has paid already for this box of strips.Glenn Johnson, general manager for market access at Abbott Diabetes Care, which makes about one in five strips purchased in the United States, said manufacturers lose more than $100 million in profits a year this way, much of it in New York, California and Florida.The company supported a new California law that prohibits pharmacies from acquiring test strips from any but an authorized list of distributors. Mr. Johnson said he has spoken with lawmakers about similar efforts in Florida, New Jersey, New York and Ohio.Such measures leave intact the inflated retail prices that make the gray market possible and which critics say benefit manufacturers and their retail intermediaries, pharmacy benefit managers.In a lawsuit against P.B.M.’s and the dominant test strip manufacturers filed in New Jersey, consumer advocates presented data showing that the average wholesale price for test strips has risen as much as 70 percent over the last decade.They alleged that this has allowed the defendants to pocket an unfair portion of the rebates. The price of a strip would be much lower if it wasn’t fattened by profiteering, said Gretchen Obrist, one of the lawyers who brought the case.“It’s a tiny little piece of plastic that’s super cheap to manufacture, and they’ve managed to make a cash cow out of it,” she said.To justify the rising price of strips, manufacturers point to advances in engineering that have made the strips smaller and more convenient to use. But there is little evidence those features have improved health outcomes for people with diabetes — and with increasingly unaffordable prices, the newfangled test strips may be even less accessible.The markups on strips look particularly stark when compared to the cost of producing them.“Test strips are basically printed, like in a printing press,” said David Kliff, who publishes a newsletter on diabetes. “It’s not brain surgery.”He estimated the typical test strip costs less than a dime to make. The median rents for one-bedroom apartments in the 10 most populous metropolitan markets in the United States were relatively unchanged from December 2018 to January 2019. But over the past year, the differences were more dramatic.Zumper.com’s monthly rent report, which also tracks year-over-year changes, examined a million active listings in the 100 most populated metropolitan areas in the country and found that renters in New York had reason to rejoice, at least a little.Of the 10 most expensive housing markets, New York City was one of only two where rents went down. In the last year, the median one-bedroom rent in the city decreased by about 3 percent, to $2,780.Renters in Washington, D.C., can also celebrate, as the median one-bedroom rent dropped by about 7 percent, to $2,130.In the rest of the 10 costliest markets, median rents were up. But if you live in one of the other 90 major metropolitan areas in the United States, you’re in luck: Overall, median one-bedroom rents were down, by about 2.5 percent.For weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here. Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.Good Friday morning. Want this by email? Sign up here.A thaw in trade talks with China? The market sure hopes soA report from the WSJ on Thursday said that Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin had suggested ending some or all tariffs against China, lifting global stocks even after his agency stressed that trade talks were far from complete.Mr. Mnuchin said that easing the penalties would encourage China to make longer-term concessions while calming jittery markets, according to the report, which cited anonymous sources.The Treasury Department later said that officials had made no recommendations on tariffs.China’s trade czar, Liu He, is scheduled to participate in negotiations in Washington on Jan. 30. After March 1, tariffs on $200 billion in Chinese goods are set to grow to 25 percent from 10 percent.In other China news:• China’s ambassador to Canada warned of “repercussions” if the Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei were blocked from Canada’s 5G network. Huawei’s chief financial officer, Meng Wanzhou, was arrested last month in Vancouver, British Columbia, and the company has also faced resistance and suspicion from Germany, the U.S. and other Western countries.• Foreign investors such as Blackstone Group spent a record $9 billion on commercial real estate in China last year.• Chinese tech companies, stressed by trade tensions, stricter policing of online content and a slowing domestic economy, cut hiring ads 20 percent in the last quarter of 2018.____________________________Today’s DealBook Briefing was written by Andrew Ross Sorkin and Stephen Grocer in New York, and Tiffany Hsu and Gregory Schmidt in Paris.____________________________Paramount, lurching toward irrelevancy, hopes for a turnaroundAfter decades of mismanagement, Paramount Pictures, the once-vaunted studio behind classic films like “The Godfather” and “Chinatown,” is fighting for its existence, write Amy Chozick and Brooks Barnes.The challenge: The studio racked up nearly $900 million in losses in the last two years. It has placed last at the domestic box office for seven years running. It shed its lucrative TV business years ago. And the Paramount lot is long overdue for improvements.The competition: The old-line film business is going to become tougher as streaming services proliferate. Netflix will pump out about 90 movies this year. Apple intends to roll out its multibillion-dollar TV and movie offering, and Facebook has become serious about its Watch video-on-demand platform.The solution: Paramount restarted television production in 2013 and now has nine series running, including “Jack Ryan” on Amazon Prime. It hired one of Hollywood’s top producers, Wyck Godfrey, as president of the film division. And it hopes to make 17 movies in 2020, with a focus on big budgets and global audiences.Playground brawls on Capitol HillOn the 28th day of the government shutdown, Washington feels like “an unruly sandbox,” where “septuagenarian politicians are squabbling like 7-year-olds,” writes Mark Landler.Speaker Nancy Pelosi, who had pressed President Trump to postpone his State of the Union address, received his sarcasm-laced response on Thursday.Without mentioning the speech, the president said he was canceling a secret trip for Ms. Pelosi and other members of Congress to meet with NATO officials in Brussels and visit American troops in Afghanistan. She was expected to depart Thursday on a military aircraft; Mr. Trump said she could fly commercial, “obviously.”Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, was not amused. He said in a statement:“One sophomoric response does not deserve another.”President Trump also canceled a U.S. delegation set to attend the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. But Melania Trump, the first lady, kept her plans to fly on a military jet to the family’s Mar-a-Lago compound in Florida.The stalemate over Homeland Security spending has grown increasingly bitter. Democrats suggested they would introduce their own proposals for protecting the country’s borders.Meanwhile, tens of thousands of federal employees have sought unemployment benefits, with more filing claims every week.PG&E bankruptcy could hurt its solar-power suppliersPacific Gas and Electric promised that its customers’ lights would stay on if it followed through on plans to file for bankruptcy this month. But a filing could be wrenching for power producers, especially those in renewable resources, write Ivan Penn and Peter Eavis.PG&E said that it would use bankruptcy protection to resolve huge liabilities arising from deadly wildfires in California. Such a move would allow it to walk away from older contracts with suppliers, particularly those with developers of renewable energy that were negotiated when solar panel prices were higher.Credit Suisse analysts estimate that PG&E could save $2.2 billion a year by renegotiating renewable power contracts down to current market prices.More news: The prospective bankruptcy has exposed the risks of green-power investments: If the utility can renegotiate high-cost contracts, other companies will do the same. Fitch Ratings said the planned bankruptcy would not damage California’s credit rating.Rihanna: pop star, actress, entrepreneur … luxury fashion brand?She was named fashion icon of the year by the Council of Fashion Designers of America in 2014. She became Dior’s first black brand ambassador in 2015. Her Fenty Beauty cosmetics line is intensely popular; her Fenty x Savage lingerie collection debuted to great acclaim at New York Fashion Week.It looks like LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, the parent company of Dior, Givenchy and Fendi, could do worse than partnering with Robyn Rihanna Fenty.The luxury conglomerate is working on a deal that would make Rihanna its first female designer of color. The partnership would build a brand from scratch in a way the company hasn’t tried since starting the Christian Lacroix label in 1987, according to anonymous sources.The deal would be “a turning point in both fashion and fame,” writes Vanessa Friedman, who calls it:“The clearest expression yet of how celebrity, social media and influencers have redefined the power balance between culture and consumption, changing the way brands of all kinds relate to their audience.”Wall Street is nervous about luxury spending, however, as stock market declines in recent months could compel consumers to scale back purchases, according to an analysis from Goldman Sachs.Revolving doorNews Corporation said that Jesse Angelo was stepping down as publisher and chief executive at The New York Post. He is to be replaced by Sean Giancola, The Post’s chief revenue officer. (NYT)Justin Dearborn, the chief executive of Tribune Publishing, will be succeeded by the newspaper company’s president, Tim Knight. (Bloomberg)Adrian Croxson, head of European equities for the hedge fund Och-Ziff, is leaving the firm after a difficult period of performance. (FT)The speed readDeals • Sears’s creditors oppose the retailer’s proposed sale to Edward Lampert, and are seeking to sue him for the “excruciating, slow-motion destruction” of the company. (WSJ)• Alstom warned that European regulators could block its planned merger with Siemens. (Bloomberg)• Maoyan Entertainment, the biggest online movie ticketing platform in China, is seeking to raise as much as $345 million in an initial public offering. (Bloomberg)Tech • Tesla said it would cut its work force about 7 percent, citing difficulties in making affordable electric cars for the mass market. (NYT)• Netflix said its first-quarter revenue would miss Wall Street estimates, sending its shares down in after-hours trading. (Reuters)• Google is spending $40 million to acquire smartwatch technology from Fossil. (CNBC)• Facebook removed nearly 500 pages and accounts targeted at Eastern Europe and Central Asia, saying they were disinformation campaigns originating from Russia. (NYT)Politics and policy • Michael Cohen hired a small tech firm try to rig online polls in Donald Trump’s favor before the presidential campaign, and then allegedly stiffed the owner. (WSJ)• The law firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom will pay the government $4.6 million to settle an investigation into its work in Ukraine with Paul Manafort, President Trump’s former campaign chairman. (NYT)• Senator Elizabeth Warren, Democrat of Massachusetts, wants Wells Fargo kicked off college campuses, saying the bank charged “struggling college students exorbitant fees.” (Bloomberg)Best of the rest • Leslie Moonves plans to fight for the $120 million severance payment that CBS denied him. T (NYT)• “Humility,” “ethics” and “simplicity” are not words usually associated with investment titans, but they surfaced constantly in descriptions of Vanguard’s John Bogle. (NYT)• A tower rises at Hudson Yards amid an epic test of wills between Stephen Ross, a powerful developer, and New York’s mightiest construction union. (FT)• The Rhine, a crucial commercial artery in Europe for moving coal, food and thousands of other goods, is running dry because of climate change. (Bloomberg)• A vestige of corporate culture in Asia, where men openly drink with colleagues or clients alongside paid female escorts, persists in the #MeToo movement. (Bloomberg)• Americans, especially millennials, are scaling back their alcohol intake. (WSJ)• Popular definitions for “bear markets” aren’t scientifically based, the economist Robert Shiller says, yet they can contribute to downward spirals. (NYT)• Fine wine is targeted by fake wine-buying companies in a familiar investment fraud. (FT)• As part of the U.S. government’s investigation into Volkswagen’s diesel emissions cheating scandal, a grand jury in Detroit indicted four managers at the company’s luxury Audi unit. (Reuters)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you on Tuesday.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to bizday@nytimes.com.BANGKOK — Next to a row of luxury hotels in a bustling business district here in Bangkok, the art gallery Nova Contemporary occupies a former storage area at the base of a high-rise apartment building.“There’s no gallery area per se in Bangkok, so this is fairly normal,” said Nova’s cheery owner, Sutima Sucharitakul, of the location of her sleek space. “Everything is fairly spread out.”On view at Nova through Sunday is a conceptual exhibition called “The Uncertain,” featuring works by the Thai artist Jedsada Tangtrakulwong.By design, the show changes depending on the weather: On sunny days, some of the works are not available to be seen, remaining hidden in various ways, and the response to that offbeat approach has been mixed. Some visitors have been angered and have shared their feelings emphatically with Ms. Sucharitakul and her staff.“This is pretty advanced for Bangkok,” she said with a shrug.Her hunt for an appreciative new audience for her artists is precisely why she will show her wares for the first time at Art Basel Hong Kong, alongside about 240 other dealers, from Friday through Sunday at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Center.Nova reflects the stronger Southeast Asian presence at the fair, now in its seventh edition, demonstrating the event’s status as a market hub in a vast and diverse region.There is no shortage of collectors with money or artists with ideas; they simply need a place to find each other.“The presence of the Southeast Asian dealers is quite remarkable this year, and quite varied,” said Adeline Ooi, the Asia director for Art Basel.“It’s wonderful — but I’m biased since I’m from Malaysia,” she said, laughing.In addition to galleries from mainland China, Hong Kong, South Korea, and Japan — already known as market forces — the fair this year includes Richard Koh Fine Art, with spaces in Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore; Artinformal and Silverlens, both from Manila; and Nadi Gallery and ROH Projects from Jakarta, Indonesia.“People think the Asian market equals the Chinese market, and that’s not true,” Ms. Ooi said. “Asia is a puzzle. But every year at the fair, we peel back a new layer and it gets deeper.”Part of the issue is vast geography. The fair features six galleries that have exhibition spaces in India, which is more than 2,000 miles from Hong Kong.“Asia is so massive,” Ms. Ooi said. “People think we know each other, and we don’t. We’re all still learning about each other.”She added, “It’s one of the things that makes me hopeful — the show can be a platform for movements that don’t always catch the attention of the art world.”Marc Spiegler, the global director of Art Basel, said he was in awe of the “unparalleled diversity” on hand.“It’s been a voyage of discovery to do a fair in Asia and dig into the real complexity,” Mr. Spiegler said. “You have countries that are Buddhist or Christian or secular, colonizers and the colonized, and dozens of languages.”By contrast, Europe — where Art Basel started and where it stages a fair in Basel, Switzerland, in June — “is so small that cultures bleed together,” he added. (There’s also a Miami Beach fair in December.)Like Ms. Ooi, Mr. Spiegler said that he thought the contingents from Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia and other neighboring countries were significant.“The Southeast Asian element is often underestimated by the market in terms of the collectors, galleries and the artists,” he said.That was certainly the opinion of Jun Tirtadji when he founded ROH Projects in Jakarta six years ago. “We felt there was a need in Indonesia,” Mr. Tirtadji said. “There’s so much talent here.”ROH has been participating in Art Basel Hong Kong for five years, and the fair has helped shape the business beyond just the few days of the event.“We have learned so much from Adeline and Marc,” Mr. Tirtadji said. “I attribute a lot of our success to them. They took it upon themselves to provide a guiding framework for how a gallery should be run.”ROH specializes in emerging Asian contemporary talents, and this year it features eight artists including Arin Dwihartanto Sunaryo, an abstract painter based in Bandung, Indonesia, who works with pigmented resin and ash, forming paintings with his hands instead of a brush.Mr. Tirtadji said that the scene in Jakarta, in all its contradictions, had to be viewed through a different lens from that of New York or Hong Kong.“The art world in Indonesia is quite cosmopolitan,” he said. He added, “But many of our collectors are buying their first piece of art with us.”Isa Lorenzo, the founder of Silverlens, has been showing at the fair since it was called Art HK, before it was bought by Art Basel’s parent company.“There’s definitely a north-south division,” she said of the Asian market. “The north is much bigger economically, but fewer items are bought and sold. In the south, it’s more chaotic, but a lot more is bought and sold, at lower price points.”At Silverlens, Ms. Lorenzo changes exhibitions regularly, “and every opening is packed,” she said. “It’s a vibrant arts scene and very community-oriented in the Philippines. We have zero government funding for the arts. We have to all hold hands and make it happen ourselves.”In the fair’s Kabinett sector, Silverlens will present the work of Pacita Abad (1946-2004), a Philippine artist who lived all over the world, including the United States. The booth will display pieces from her “Masks and Spirits” series.“She did a combination of quilting, painting and sewing objects onto canvas,” Ms. Lorenzo said. “It’s an alchemy that combines all these traditions.”Despite her presence in collections around the world, to Ms. Lorenzo’s mind the artists is “still somewhat under the radar, and needs to be represented everywhere as a major artist.”Hong Kong’s reputation has also been attracting Western galleries.Ms. Ooi said organizers were excited about the “heavyweights” taking part for the first time this year, including the New York dealers Paula Cooper and Matthew Marks.The dealer Almine Rech, who has galleries in Paris, London, Brussels and New York — and will soon open one in Shanghai — has had a booth at Art Basel Hong Kong since the first edition.“For us, the Asian market is ever more important — especially in the last two or three years,” Ms. Rech said.As a dealer accustomed to far-flung transactions, Ms. Rech said that the Asian market was still “a very different world.”“Collectors often want to have an adviser on hand, and they want to have a dialogue about an artwork right in front of a piece,” she said. “They take time, they have a long discussion and then they make a decision.”By contrast, Ms. Rech said, “Americans feel they know a lot already.”Her selection at the fair will include works by Picasso, Peter Halley and Tom Wesselmann.For her part, Ms. Sucharitakul’s Nova Contemporary booth will show sculptures and videos by the artist Moe Satt, who lives and works in Myanmar, in the fair’s Discoveries sector.The centerpiece of the booth is “Dove With Revolution Hand,” a sculpture by Mr. Satt that addresses the 1988 civil uprising in Myanmar.As Ms. Sucharitakul has learned, the reaction of collectors to a given work is anyone’s guess. But shortly before the fair, she was hopeful not only for sales, but also for the biggest Thai collectors back home to know that she was a part of Art Basel Hong Kong.“It will get me a lot of respect,” she said. “People know what this fair is, and that it means something.”Anyone paying attention to financial markets in recent months knew that the Federal Reserve’s management of the economy was perhaps the single most important question on the minds of investors.The Fed, of course, has been raising interest rates, including four increases last year, which unnerved many investors. These days, though, the focus has shifted to what the central bank will do with another tool it previously used to stoke economic growth.As part of its campaign to rescue the economy after the 2008 financial crisis, the Fed bought enormous quantities of bonds issued or guaranteed by the federal government. Now the question is how quickly, and by how much, it will shrink that pile. On Wednesday, the Fed left rates unchanged and signaled that it could slow its bond sales if economic and financial conditions change. Investors cheered, with the S&P 500 rising about 1.5 percent. The index is up nearly 7 percent this year.Once an area of interest for only the most intrepid of Fed watchers, the bond portfolio has started to overshadow more fundamental economic concerns, like China’s slowing economy and the government shutdown. Since last year, the Fed has been reducing its bond stockpile by up to $50 billion a month. Investors increasingly point to the trend to explain the ugly performances of virtually every kind of investment in 2018. Even President Trump weighed in, tweeting in December that the Fed should “Stop with the 50 B’s.”Players in the markets have bestowed the Fed’s bond-shedding policy with its very own nickname: quantitative tightening, or Q.T.So what is quantitative tightening? How is it supposed to work? And how much of an impact is it having on markets? Read on.Before there was Q.T., there was Q.E.The first thing to know is that quantitative tightening is basically the slow unwinding of a series of policies put in place to counter the financial crisis. A decade ago, that crisis nearly pushed the United States into a second Great Depression. Financial markets crashed. Unemployment surged. Economic growth collapsed. By law, the Fed is supposed to fight unemployment. So, when recession rears its head, the central bank steps in, typically by cutting the short-term interest rates it controls. By the end of 2008, it had slashed them essentially to zero. During normal times, short-term interest rates have a strong influence on how much it costs consumers and companies to borrow money. But during the financial crisis, the Fed’s rate cuts barely budged longer-term borrowing rates, which stayed stubbornly high. Investors were so spooked that they refused to put their money into anything other than super-safe, short-term government bonds. The Fed needed to push longer-term interest rates down. With short-term rates at their lowest possible levels, the central bank went looking for new tools. And that is how quantitative easing was born. In early 2009, the Fed started buying immense quantities of bonds — trying to drive their prices up and their rates down. By 2014, the Fed was the proud owner of roughly $2.5 trillion worth of Treasury bonds and more than $1.5 trillion of government-backed mortgage bonds. Did it work?Yes. The Fed’s bond-buying didn’t immediately cure every economic ill brought on by the recession. The United States would limp through nearly a decade of sluggish growth, even as the Fed continued to devour bonds. But the consensus among investors and policymakers is that all of the bond purchases helped push key borrowing rates — such as those for 30-year fixed-rate mortgages and for corporate bonds — to their lowest levels in a generation. That made loans at least a little more affordable and offered some support to the fragile economy. In the stock and bond markets, the power of the Fed’s campaign was even more pronounced. By pumping trillions of dollars into the financial system, quantitative easing propped up the value of stocks, bonds and all sorts of other assets. Few in the markets think it a coincidence that the beginning of Q.E. was also the beginning of the longest bull market in history.Now comes Q.T.A decade later, the economy is in much better shape. Unemployment is at its lowest level in decades. Early data indicates that the economy last year grew at its fastest clip since 2005. Wages are even starting to rise. To the central bank, those rosy economic signs meant it was time to start removing some of the scaffolding it had erected to support the crumbling economy. The Fed started raising interest rates in December 2015. And it has also started to shrink its hoard of bonds. Last year, the Fed’s portfolio declined by more than $350 billion — the sharpest reduction since the crisis. You may have also noticed that the financial markets were battered last year. Almost every type of investment seemed to suffer the same lackluster returns. The S&P 500 was down 6.2 percent. High-quality corporate bonds sank 6.4 percent. United States Treasury bonds generated a paltry 0.9 percent return. A collapse in crude oil prices sent commodities down more than 15 percent. In fact, it was the first time in decades that virtually all major classes of investments suffered in sync, with none posting returns in excess of 5 percent. The concern over Q.T. flared in December. As stock markets swung wildly, Jerome H. Powell, the Fed chairman, played down the chance that the central bank would change its approach to its steady bond reductions, which he described as being on “automatic pilot.” The stock market sank about 6 percent in the days after that statement. The Fed’s shrinking bond portfolio isn’t entirely to blame for the carnage of 2018. Plenty of other things had investors worrying: a slowdown in global growth, weakening corporate profits, the trade war with China and the Fed’s rate increases.Economists inside and outside the Fed say the impact last year should have been relatively small. After all, the gradual, recurring bond reductions were set in motion years ago, and should have been incorporated into prices in financial markets.Nevertheless, investors welcomed the Fed’s message on Wednesday that it could change its plans to reduce its bond holdings. The central bank said in a news release that it was “prepared to adjust any of the details for completing balance sheet normalization in light of economic and financial developments.” In a news conference, Mr. Powell also suggested that the decline of the Fed’s bond holdings could stop sooner and leave the Fed with a larger supply of bonds than previously thought. “Any conversation about the balance sheet that does not use the word autopilot is good,” said Scott Wren, senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute.  NEW YORK — The latest on developments in financial markets (all times local):4 p.m.Stocks are closing broadly higher on Wall Street, giving the S&P 500 index its third weekly gain in a row and putting it within reach of the record high it hit last September.Banks led the gains Friday after JPMorgan Chase reported a strong quarter, helped by higher interest rates. The country's largest bank by assets rose 4.7%. Other banks also rose.Disney soared 11.5% after unveiling a new video streaming service to go up against Netflix, the industry leader. Netflix fell 4.5%.The S&P 500 rose 19 points, or 0.7%, to 2,907.The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 269 points, or 1%, to 26,412. The Nasdaq rose 36 points, or 0.5%, to 7,984.Bond prices fell. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury rose to 2.56%.___11:45 a.m.Stocks are rising broadly in midday trading on Wall Street, putting the S&P 500 index on track to post its third straight weekly gain.Banks are leading the way higher Friday. JPMorgan Chase jumped 4.5% after reporting a solid increase in earnings. Other banks also rose.Disney soared 10.3% after unveiling a new video streaming service to go up against Netflix. Netflix was off 3.9%.Chevron sank 4.6% after announcing a deal to buy Anadarko Petroleum for $33 billion. Anadarko skyrocketed 33.7% higher.The S&P 500 rose 13 points, or 0.5%, to 2,901.The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 209 points, or 0.8%, to 26,350. The Nasdaq rose 18 points, or 0.2%, to 7,966.Bond prices fell. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury rose to 2.55%.___9:35 a.m.Stocks are broadly higher on Wall Street in early trading as banks and media companies move higher.JPMorgan Chase jumped 3.5% early Friday after reporting a solid increase in earnings, and Disney soared 10.5% after unveiling a new video streaming service to go up against Netflix. Netflix was off 3.1%.Chevron sank 4.6% after announcing a deal to buy Anadarko Petroleum for $33 billion. Anadarko skyrocketed 32.5% higher.The S&P 500 index rose 18 points, or 0.6%, to 2,906.The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 256 points, or 1%, to 26,410. The Nasdaq rose 38 points, or 0.5%, to 7,985.Bond prices fell sharply, sending yields higher. The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury rose to 2.55% from 2.50% late Thursday.Good Monday morning. Want this by email? Sign up here.A ‘chip dip’ threatens Big Tech’s cloutFrom Apple to Nvidia, tech companies say that business is slowing. What’s happening?Big tech companies are reporting lackluster results. Weak Chinese consumer demand blew a $9 billion hole in Apple’s latest quarterly sales. Nvidia warned last month that its revenue would come in 20 percent below expectations. Intel’s January financials didn’t meet forecasts. And Samsung’s sales plunged 10 percent in the fourth quarter.Behind the trend: semiconductors. “China, smartphones, Bitcoin and cloud computing have been among the major drivers of the long tech boom, which in turn has powered the global economy for the last decade. The ingredient common to all of these sectors is computer chips, which form the brains of devices and whose ubiquity means they provide early signals about changes in supply and demand,” write David Streitfeld and Don Clark of the NYT. With chip manufacturers predicting slumping sales for 2019, tech more generally could be in line for a slowdown.Sound familiar? “The notion that a chip dip could lead to a general downturn evokes memories of 2000, when one day tech had an unlimited future and the next it was crashing in what became known as the dot-com bust,” write Mr. Streitfeld and Mr. Clark.And the industry no longer carries the stock market. For years, stock market performance have been tied to the fortunes of the largest tech companies: Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft and Netflix. As the S&P 500 pushed to a record high last summer, rises in those six companies’ share prices accounted for half of its gain. But when the index rallied nearly 8 percent in January, Stephen Grocer writes, their stocks accounted for just 17 percent of the rise.Lloyd Blankfein may pay for Goldman’s links to 1MDBThe former Goldman Sachs C.E.O. — as well as his successor, David Solomon, and other top executives — may have to give back some compensation from 2018, depending on the findings of an investigation into the firm’s work with the scandal-ridden Malaysian investment fund 1MDB.The announcement, made in a regulatory filing on Friday, shows how seriously Goldman is treating any role it may have had in fraud committed at 1MDB. Prosecutors in the U.S. and Malaysia are leading criminal investigations into 1MDB, and a former top deal maker at the firm has pleaded guilty to bribery, conspiracy and money laundering charges. Goldman says it’s cooperating with authorities.The WSJ calculates that Mr. Blankfein, who stepped down as chief executive of Goldman last year, might lose millions. And though Mr. Solomon wasn’t a top-ranking Goldman executive at the time, he could see some of his $23 million pay for last year clawed back as well. (Gary Cohn, who was Goldman’s No. 2 during the 1MDB work and received a lump payout when he left the firm in 2017, wouldn’t be affected.)In lighter Goldman news: Mr. Solomon, whose side hustle is DJing as DJ D-Sol, has released his second single, “Feel Alive.”Deutsche Bank refused Trump a loan in 2016For two decades, Deutsche Bank was the only major lender to give Donald Trump money, helping him finance his real estate operations. But when he sought a loan in early 2016 to help pay for a Scottish golf course — all while running for president — the German lender said no.More from David Enrich, Jesse Drucker and Ben Protess of the NYT:Senior officials at the bank, including its future chief executive, believed that Mr. Trump’s divisive candidacy made such a loan too risky, the people said. Among their concerns was that if Mr. Trump won the election and then defaulted, Deutsche Bank would have to choose between not collecting on the debt or seizing the assets of the president of the United States.What’s next: Expect House Democrats to include this in their investigation of Mr. Trump’s finances.More Deutsche Bank news: The lender reportedly scrambled to rid itself of a $600 million loan made to VTB, a Russian state-owned bank, in late 2016 as the German bank sought to reduce its exposure to Russian entities.How an S.U.V. became a Brexit warning signThe automaker Nissan confirmed yesterday that it had abandoned plans to build its new X-Trail sport utility vehicle in Britain and said that the car would be produced solely in Japan. It’s a blow for the British economy, and a clear signal that uncertainty over Britain’s withdrawal from the E.U. is weighing on corporate minds.A clear culprit. “The continued uncertainty around the U.K.’s future relationship with the E.U. is not helping companies like ours to plan for the future,” Nissan’s Europe chairman, Gianluca de Ficchy, said in a statement. Greg Clark, Britain’s business secretary, told the FT that it was “a warning sign” about how much damage could be caused by a no-deal Brexit.Nissan is not alone. British C.F.O.s say that Brexit is currently the largest threat to their businesses. Some 78 percent of those surveyed said that the business environment in the nation would deteriorate if Britain left the E.U.What now? Prime Minister Theresa May is set to return to Brussels in the coming days in an attempt to redraft her Brexit deal. In the meantime, Bloomberg reports that she “will launch a new government working group intended to unite the feuding pro- and anti-Brexit factions” in her party.The oil field that made American oil greatThe U.S. is now the top oil producer in the world, able to sway petroleum prices and breezily sanction Iran and Venezuela. The reason, as Cliff Krauss of the NYT notes: the Permian Basin, the heart of America’s shale industry.How big is it? It covers the same area as South Dakota, and produces four million barrels of oil a day — making it a bigger generator of oil than any member of OPEC other than Iraq and Saudi Arabia.What makes it special? It’s huge and rich in oil rather than in less-valuable natural gas. And it’s close to refineries on the Gulf of Mexico.What could go wrong? Oil companies there might pump too much, drawing ire from OPEC. As Scott Sheffield, the chairman of Pioneer Natural Resources, told the NYT: “You could have another price war.” And U.S. sanctions on Venezuelan crude could hurt American refineries, which can’t rely solely on the Permian.Hungry for ‘executive time’ in your calendar? Study Trump’s schedule and weepAxios has published almost three months of President Trump’s schedules after they were leaked, reportedly by somebody in the White House. Some highlights:• “Trump has spent around 60 percent of his scheduled time over the past three months in unstructured ‘Executive Time.’ ”• “He spends his mornings in the residence, watching TV, reading the papers, and responding to what he sees and reads by phoning aides, members of Congress, friends, administration officials and informal advisers,” six people with direct knowledge of his schedule told Axios.• “Trump’s first meeting of the day — usually around 11 or 11:30 a.m. — is often an intelligence briefing or a 30-minute meeting with the chief of staff.”• “The president sometimes has meetings during Executive Time that he doesn’t want most West Wing staff to know about for fear of leaks. And his mornings sometimes include calls with heads of state, political meetings and meetings with counsel in the residence, which aren’t captured on these schedules.”Bonus: Axios also compared the schedules with those of Mr. Trump’s predecessors. He appears to share most in common with Bill Clinton’s early days in office.2019’s Super Bowl ads: nostalgia, wokeness and depressing techO.K., so the game itself may have been a slog to watch, and the halftime show was forgettable. But for those of you who came for the ads, here are the themes that dominated — to the tune of $5.2 million per 30 seconds of airtime.The ’90s: Stella Artois featured Carrie Bradshaw from “Sex and the City” and the Dude from “The Big Lebowski.” Doritos put the Backstreet Boys front and center.Social consciousness: The dating app Bumble hired Serena Williams to urge women to “make the first move” in all parts of their lives. And Budweiser touted renewable energy in an ad featuring a cute dog.The downsides of tech: Olay’s spot showed the actress Sarah Michelle Gellar struggling to save herself from a home intruder when her phone’s facial-recognition software fails. An ad for Pringles featured a smart speaker bemoaning its existence. And TurboTax built an ad around a robot boy craving a late-night snack.Revolving doorApple reportedly removed Bill Stasior as the head of its Siri virtual assistant unit, though he remains at the company.Gianni Infantino is poised to win a second term as president of FIFA, soccer’s global governing body.SoftBank of Japan hired Sarah Lubman, most recently a partner at the Brunswick Group, as a partner in corporate communications.The speed readDeals• Spotify is said to be in talks to buy the podcasting company Gimlet Media. (NYT)• The drug companies Bristol-Myers Squibb and Celgene will pay about $304 million in fees to their investment banks for arranging their $74 billion union. (FT)• KKR is said to be weighing a sale of the chip-making equipment unit of Hitachi Kokusai. (FT)• SoftBank’s Vision Fund is in talks to invest up to $1.5 billion in Guazi.com, a Chinese used-car sales platform. (Reuters)• Maoyan Entertainment, a Chinese movie-ticket giant, fell 2.7 percent in its Hong Kong stock debut on Monday, the latest flubbed I.P.O. by a Chinese tech company. (Reuters)Politics and policy• The senators Chuck Schumer and Bernie Sanders have proposed limiting corporate stock buybacks. (NYT Op-Ed)• Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota, reintroduced legislation aimed at strengthening enforcement of antitrust laws. (Reuters)• Michael Bloomberg is said to be reconsidering running for president as Democratic primary voters appear to be favoring more liberal contenders. (Axios)• President Trump declined to commit to making public any final report by the special prosecutor Robert Mueller. (NYT)Trade• Chinese state-owned firms bought a million tons of American soybeans on Friday, a day after talks on a trade deal between Beijing and Washington yielded progress. (NYT)• Despite a possible U.S.-China agreement, global trade continues to suffer. (WSJ)• European investment funds are worried about their ability to trade dual-listed stocks like those of Unilever and Shell if Britain leaves the E.U. without a deal. (FT)Tech• Venture capitalists are telling start-ups to stockpile cash ahead of a potential economic slowdown. (FT)• Meet the man behind the egg picture that became Instagram’s most-liked image. Surprise: He works in advertising. (NYT)• Cisco wants a U.S. version of Europe’s strict new data privacy rules. (FT)• How lawmakers plan to update tech in Congress — including its 2000-era internet connections. (WSJ)• Foxconn said it was still committed to building a factory in Wisconsin. (NYT)• It’s not just you: Captchas — which you complete to prove you’re not a robot — have gotten far harder. (Verge)Best of the rest• Vice Media plans to lay off 250 workers. Here’s what went wrong for the company and for other digital news organizations like BuzzFeed. (FT, NYT)• McKinsey advised the maker of OxyContin on how to “turbocharge” opioid sales, a lawsuit alleges. (NYT)• Why taxing the wealthy is so hard. (NYT)• Gains from President Trump’s corporate tax cuts aren’t as impressive as they first appeared. (WSJ)• How China got MSCI to add its market to one of the world’s best-known global benchmarks. (WSJ)• Ikea plans to test furniture leasing. (FT)• Hershey blames manufacturing processes for missing tips on its Kisses. (NYT)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you tomorrow.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com.After months of stock market declines, investment strategists are divided on appropriate responses.There is a range of possible approaches, none as simple as the kind of straightforward investing that can lead to immediate rewards when the market is consistently rising.Chris Brightman, chief investment officer at the investment advisory service Research Affiliates, for example, is currently unimpressed with most stocks.“We do advise our investors to hold lower allocations to global equities — particularly U.S. equities — than normal,” Mr. Brightman said. He urged broad diversification into such vehicles as Treasury Inflation Protected Securities, commodities and real estate investment trusts, as well as a tax-sheltered structure known as a master limited partnership. But he concedes that with “the exception of M.L.P.s,” all are expensively priced.Holding cash, in the form of a money-market fund, is another answer, but it is far from perfect, he said. “The problem with cash is you don’t make any money,” Mr. Brightman said. “It’s the safest place to keep your money, but you get zero real return.”Nick Kalivas, senior equity product strategist at Invesco, said it was worth at least “thinking about” tweaking a portfolio to fortify it against risk.He suggests funds that focus on stocks specifically selected because their fluctuations are low: They are known as low-volatility stocks, and they have outperformed the S&P 500 in 14 of the last 15 market downturns since 2011, according to Invesco.Four times a year, Invesco compiles a list of the lowest-volatility stocks in the S&P 500. These are the companies whose shares are least affected by market turbulence. The current list features Coca-Cola as the least-volatile equity, followed by two utilities, the WEC Energy Group and Duke Energy, according to Mr. Kalivas.Low-volatility stocks outperformed the market for most of 2018, according to Mo Haghbin, head of product research and development for Oppenheimer funds. Through December, portfolios of low-volatility stocks in the Oppenheimer Russell 1000 Dynamic Multifactor Exchange-Traded Fund lost 2.43 percent as opposed to the fund’s benchmark, the Russell 1000, which lost 4.78 percent, Mr. Haghbin said. High-quality companies — defined by superior grades on such metrics as return on assets, profits, margins and leverage — also outperformed, losing 2.68 percent.But investors who shift toward low-volatility portfolios should remember that such portfolios have historically lagged once the market turns up.Two low-volatility E.T.F.s that outperformed the S&P 500 in 2018 were: Hartford Multifactor Low Volatility US Equity E.T.F., which was basically flat, and Invesco S&P 500 Low Volatility E.T.F., which lost just over 2 percent. The S&P 500 was down 6.2 percent last year.Investors may also be wondering what to do about tech stocks, especially the Faangs (Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Netflix and Google), which have been losing altitude rapidly after a seemingly endless ascent.Through December, Facebook and Netflix were both down over 35 percent from their highs of last year. Apple and Amazon were each off more than 25 percent from their 2018 highs.Although Kevin Landis is portfolio manager of the tech-focused Firsthand Technology Opportunities fund, he said he is wary of the big tech stocks. “When companies get bigger, they start looking more and more like government agencies,” he said. “Even the biggest opportunities are at the saturation point. There’s only so many iPhones you can sell.”With evidence of rising public concern about consumer privacy, Mr. Landis said, he expects to see greater regulation. “I spent the last 15 to 20 years being appalled at how readily people surrendered their own privacy,” he said. “I welcome the idea that they’ve become more aware.”Mr. Landis said there were still good values in smaller tech companies. One major holding is Roku, which hopes to lure consumers who subscribe to cable. He contrasted its market cap of under $4 billion with Netflix’s $111 billion market cap and said Roku was a better value.But many advisers say investors should simply hold tight. Brian McMahon, manager of the Thornburg Investment Income Builder mutual fund, said that in many ways, the recent downturn “is pretty normal. This is not something to panic about.” He said his largest investment, the CME Group, benefits from an active market. It makes good profits when people trade on options and futures contracts made on its platforms, he said. “CME Group benefits from volatility,” he said.In a similar vein, Kate Moore, chief equity strategist at BlackRock, said, “This is not a time to derisk and become completely defensive.” There are still “pockets of quality” in the volatile markets, she added, citing the Chinese tech sector as one example.But she said there were at least two major threats in the longer term. “We are increasingly concerned about long-term deficits and their impact on the bond market,” she said. Bonds, already pressured in the near term by Federal Reserve rate increases, could also face long-term rate pressure from the ballooning Treasury financing required by mounting budget deficits.Ms. Moore also said tech stocks could eventually lose value if new regulations were imposed to protect consumer privacy. “We don’t expect any major regulatory changes in 2019,” she said. “We certainly expect the government will impose regulations over the medium term.”Mr. Haghbin of Oppenheimer emphasized that portfolio decisions should reflect an investor’s view of the larger economy. “If an investor feels that growth will continue to slow and risk appetite continue to decline, historically he would emphasize high-quality and low-volatility companies.”But, as Mr. Haghbin warned, investors may need to be nimble. “Things can change very quickly,” he said.The Bull Market Began 10 Years Ago. Why Aren’t More People Celebrating?Americans are still scarred by the financial crisis, and the fruits of this decade’s record-breaking rally fell mostly to the rich.By Matt PhillipsMarch 9, 2019The financial system had nearly collapsed. The deepest recession in decades was devouring over 700,000 jobs a month. Roughly $13 trillion in stock market wealth, slowly rebuilt since the dot-com bust, had again been incinerated. It was March 2009. And it was one of the best times in a generation to buy stocks.A decade later, the bull market that began back then ranks among the great rallies in stock-market history. The 305 percent surge in the S&P 500 is the index’s second-best run ever.The rise has generated more than $30 trillion in wealth. Adjusted for inflation, that is the most created during any bull run on record, edging out the $25 trillion in gains during the epic streak from December 1987 to March 2000, which ended with the bursting of the dot-com bubble, according to Federal Reserve data.But compared with Americans’ attitudes during that earlier climb, reactions to the latest rally are downright subdued. There has been no frenzy for stock trading. Nobody is quitting an accounting, advertising, or waitressing job to concentrate on day trading.Why so somber? The psychological and financial damage inflicted by the 2008 financial crisis and the ensuing Great Recession continue to weigh heavily. Fewer people are invested in stocks than before that meltdown, and many of them are wary of taking their gains for granted. That caution could last for decades.“This was probably the most disliked or most suspected rally that we’ve ever had in the stock market,” said Charles Geisst, a professor at Manhattan College who has studied the history of financial markets. Birth of the BullOn March 9, 2009, the day the bull market was born, the stock market, like the economy, was in deep, seemingly existential distress. The S&P 500 was down 57 percent from its 2007 peak. Compounding the pain was the nationwide collapse in home prices, which landed a direct hit on most households’ greatest source of wealth. The one-two punch destroyed the finances of millions of families. Between 2007 and 2010, the median wealth of a household in the United States dropped 44 percent, knocked below 1969 levels.Every crash has a bottom, though, and in March 2009, the Federal Reserve announced that it would spend $1 trillion in newly created dollars on government and mortgage bonds to push interest rates lower. It was the dawn of “quantitative easing” — and, it would turn out, a new bull market. The S&P 500 rose 8.5 percent that month, its best monthly performance in more than six years.“That should have been the signal to everyone that you can go out there and buy stocks with impunity,” said Byron Wien, vice chairman of the private wealth group at Blackstone, the private equity firm.But to buy stocks, you need money. After watching their fortunes — and retirement funds — shrivel, few Americans were in a position to take a fresh flier on beaten-down stocks.Those who could were already well-off. In 2007, the wealthiest 10 percent of American families owned 81 percent of the nation’s household stock market wealth, according Ed Wolff, a professor of economics at New York University who studies the distribution of wealth in the United States. By 2016, they owned 84 percent, he said.The recovery in the stock market made those families even richer, increasing their net worth by double-digit percentages. Median American family wealth, meanwhile, dropped 34 percent.In the past, such episodes of wealth destruction cast long shadows. For much of the 20th century, the financial habits of the American public were heavily influenced by memories of the Great Depression.Even in the 1960s, survey data showed that people who were young during the Great Depression were much less likely to invest in stocks, according to research by two economists, Ulrike Malmendier of the University of California, Berkeley, and Stefan Nagel of the University of Chicago. The 2008 crisis was nowhere near as severe, but a similar dynamic may be affecting people who started their working lives around that time.Gallup survey data shows that in the last decade, an average of 38 percent of Americans under the age of 35 have money invested in the stock market. That compares with 52 percent before the crisis. Playing It SafeEven those who are invested are behaving differently, both in how they invest and what they’re doing with the proceeds. In the decade since the bull market began, the share of Americans investing via index funds, which aim to mimic the performance of benchmarks like the S&P 500, has increased significantly. In 2017, 43 percent of all the money in American stock market funds was in index funds. Back in 2007, only 19 percent of stock market assets were in these passive strategies, a style of investing that acknowledges that, for most people, trying to beat the market through savvy trading is a mug’s game.Americans also appear to be less willing than in previous booms to let the rise in stock market wealth on paper lead to a surge in spending. Family savings rates have stayed stubbornly high by historical standards.“Households continue to kind of treat their capital gains, realized or unrealized, more cautiously than they did in the 1990s or the 2000s,” said Michael Feroli, chief United States economist at J.P. Morgan.In part, this is because many stock owners are baby boomers, who might have enjoyed spending their stock market gains 20 years ago but are now more worried about preserving wealth as they retire. Fred Wallace, a 64-year-old retired HBO executive in Los Angeles is one of them. When the stock market took a dive in December, he cut his holdings of stock and moved money into cash and bonds.“That allows you to sleep at night because you know that if stocks tank it doesn’t really matter,” Mr. Wallace said. But even among Americans who are just starting their careers, this risk-aversion could linger. Research from Ms. Malmendier and Mr. Nagel, the economists, suggests that enduring financial traumas at a relatively young age can shape people’s behavior for decades. Younger Americans, Ms. Malmendier said, are unlikely to be eager to take big risks in the stock market any time soon.“We don’t see that happening,” she said. “People were scarred from that experience.”The buoyant jobs market that has helped sustain American households for the better part of a decade did not go anywhere.After an unexpectedly weak February — just 20,000 new jobs were initially reported — concerns arose that the remarkable wave of hiring might be ebbing. But employment surged again last month, beating the expectations of most economists with 196,000 new jobs, the Labor Department said Friday.Even lowly February looked better: The department revised its report upward to 33,000 jobs. And unemployment remained at 3.8 percent in March, while wage growth kept its momentum, ensuring that pay is growing faster than inflation.“We think the labor market is the strongest thing in the U.S. economy right now,” said Luke Tilley, chief economist at Wilmington Trust. “We’re encouraged by the wage gains.”The economy has now produced more than 21 million new jobs since the labor market bottomed out in 2010, and the unemployment rate has plunged from a peak of 10 percent in October 2009.But in recent months, economists have seen reasons to doubt the strength of the economy. The invigorating effects of the tax cuts enacted at the end of 2017 are expected to fade. Large overseas economies have slowed, in part a reaction to continuing trade tensions. And while the stock market has rallied since a rout at the end of last year, other important financial indicators — such as government bond yields — suggest that investors expect growth to moderate.President Trump contends that the Federal Reserve slowed the economy last year by pushing interest rates too high, and has said he intends to nominate the conservative economist Stephen Moore and the former pizza chain executive Herman Cain to the central bank’s board. “I personally think the Fed should drop rates,” Mr. Trump said on Friday.Mr. Trump won’t necessarily get his way on interest rates. The Fed has already taken a softer stance: As recently as December, the central bank said it could raise rates in 2019, but it has since signaled that it probably wouldn’t do so. Economists said the latest jobs report showed that the Fed’s willingness to hold interest rates at current levels was probably the right response for the economy. “It doesn’t tell the Fed that it’s doing the wrong thing by remaining patient,” said Ellen Zentner, chief United States economist at Morgan Stanley. The March jobs gain probably won’t be enough to dispel all the pessimism, though. The report contained evidence of a slowdown in manufacturing, a sector that has performed well over the past two years. Manufacturers shed 6,000 jobs in March, driven mostly by the auto sector, and added just 1,000 in February. Last year, the sector on average added 22,000 jobs a month. Some manufacturers have been hit by tariffs imposed by other countries in response to those put in place by Mr. Trump. Rob Parmentier, chief executive of Marquis Yachts in Green Bay, Wis., said sales to some of the company’s biggest export markets had stalled as a result of the tariffs. “There’s a chance we’d have to lay people off if we don’t get these tariffs fixed,” Mr. Parmentier said. “I understand what the president’s doing, but he’s got to do it faster, or get a better perspective on what he’s doing to American companies.”While the March jobs number exceeded expectations — economists surveyed by FactSet predicted, on average, around 170,000 new jobs — job growth has slowed. In the first three months of the year, the economy added 180,000 jobs on average, down from a monthly average of 223,000 for all of 2018.But some economists did not see slower hiring as a cause for concern. “The number from last year was not sustainable,” said Martha Gimbel, research director at the job-search site Indeed. “What’s more surprising is that we’re still adding an average of 180,000 jobs at this point in a recovery.”Hiring was strong in some sectors: Professional and business services, which cover a broad swath of white-collar positions, added 37,000 jobs in March. Health care services added 61,000, bringing the total over the past 12 months to about half a million new jobs.But it was the wage growth revealed in the jobs report that provided perhaps the strongest reason for optimism. For years, even as the economy added jobs and unemployment kept falling, wage increases were lackluster. But employees now appear to be getting solid raises. Hourly wages in March were 3.2 percent higher than a year earlier, slightly lower than the 3.4 percent growth in February but still roughly double the annual inflation rate. And some economists said the slight decline in growth was no cause for concern. “It’s a volatile number; it tends to bounce up and down,” Ms. Gimbel said. “What’s more important is that we’ve had six straight months above 3 percent.”Steady wage growth may be the catalyst that helps keep the economic expansion going: Higher wages encourage more spending, and companies that wish to meet that consumer demand have to hire more people. Firms in the leisure and hospitality sector have particularly benefited from people having more money to spend: Those businesses added 33,000 jobs in March. Sean Moloney, owner of My Bartender, a company in Portland, Ore., that provides bartenders and drinks at events, said he expected to hire 40 to 50 people during this year’s busy season, compared with around 15 people five years ago. And his customers are also spending more on the drinks served.“People are willing to spend the extra money to get something other than the bargain brand,” he said.ISTANBUL — Turkey’s banking regulator has announced that it will begin an inquiry into JPMorgan Chase for providing “misleading and manipulative” investment advice that, it said, prompted a run on the Turkish lira last week.The Banking Regulation and Supervision Board issued a statement saying it had received a large number of complaints about a JPMorgan research report to clients on Friday that “caused volatility in the financial markets and loss of reputation and value especially for the banks of our country.”The lira, which has been slipping in value over the last year, slumped more than 5 percent on Friday, dropping in value to 5.7 to the United States dollar from 5.4, while Turkey’s main stock exchange fell 3.45 percent.The board said its investigation would also look into activities of other banks, but it did not name them.President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has frequently accused foreign powers of orchestrating the currency crisis, and at a huge campaign rally in Istanbul on Sunday, he accused unnamed actors in the financial sector of trying to provoke a run on the lira.“We all know who you are, we all know what you are all doing,” he said. “You should know that after the elections, we will make you to pay a heavy price. You would not be able to exploit this nation. You would not be able to cheat this nation.”Economists, though, say a loss of confidence in the management of the economy and rule of law in Turkey is behind the weakening of the lira.It is unclear how the inquiry will progress or what penalties could be imposed, but the board said it would undertake “necessary administrative and legal proceedings.” In a related announcement, the Capital Markets Board of Turkey said it was conducting its own investigation into JPMorgan over the same report.JPMorgan analysts warned in the report that the Turkish lira might depreciate soon after local elections scheduled for Sunday. A spokesman for JPMorgan declined to comment.In a sign of its concern at the renewed volatility in financial markets, Turkey’s Central Bank announced on Friday that it would suspend one-week repo auctions — closing the spigot on one source of cash for banks — for a period of time, which analysts called an unusual move.Turkey has experienced severe economic pressures over the last year, and government figures released this month showed that the country had entered a recession, defined as two consecutive quarters of negative economic growth. The lira lost 28 percent of its value last year as foreign investment stalled amid soaring private sector debt.Mr. Erdogan, who has assumed increased powers since winning re-election last summer, announced that he would take on greater responsibility for the economy and even decisions at the Central Bank. He appointed Berat Albayrak, his son-in-law, minister of finance and Treasury.Mr. Albayrak said in a television interview on Friday that Turkey had already resolved its most pressing vulnerabilities: inflation and budget discipline. “A healthy environment that would provide security for international markets has settled in Turkey,” he said, promising a period of reform over the rest of Mr. Erdogan’s five-year term. “Our way is open. We are very comfortable.”Even as inflation and unemployment figures have risen sharply, Mr. Erdogan has been undeterred, personally leading two or three rallies around the country a day for his Justice and Development Party. The election campaign has been especially nasty, with mudslinging and lawsuits leveled at candidates as polls show a close race in some of the most important cities, including the capital, Ankara.At the campaign rally on Sunday, Mr. Erdogan vowed to fight outside influences trying to weaken the economy.“Beware, folks, do not take their words for it,” he said. “We will protect our money. Our money is the Turkish lira. We will protect it. We will not rise to the bait. And we will make them pay the price.”For mutual-fund investors, the fourth quarter of 2018 was a hailstorm — a stinging deluge in which nearly every sort of investment seemed to get plunked.Yet several top-performing funds managed to find refuge in far-flung corners of the market, like Latin American companies, real estate investment trusts and dividend-paying stocks.T. Rowe Price Latin America Verena E. Wachnitz, portfolio manager of the T. Rowe Price Latin America Fund, was spared the fourth quarter’s party of pain because of where she invests: Latin America was one of the few major markets that rose late last year.Brazil accounted for much of that gain. It endured a severe recession in 2015 and 2016 and anemic growth in 2017. But a stronger recovery began last year, and the Brazilian Bovespa stock index gained 15 percent in 2018.Brazil is Latin America’s biggest economy, and its stocks account for more than 60 percent of the MSCI Emerging Markets Latin America index, so Ms. Wachnitz keeps a big chunk of her shareholders’ money there.“Brazil has a lot of high-quality companies,” she said. “Whatever happens there is key for the region.” Seven of her fund’s top 10 holdings are Brazilian, including two banks, Itaú Unibanco and Banco Bradesco, and an apparel retailer, Lojas Renner.The banks, two of Brazil’s heftiest, are profiting as consumers start to borrow and spend more with the recovery, Ms. Wachnitz said.Lojas Renner likewise stands to gain from a surge in consumer spending. “They’re really going into the digital age, and the consumer experience improves every year,” she said. “Now you can check out directly with employees who have hand-held devices.”Ms. Wachnitz has also benefited from where she chose not to invest: She shied from Mexico, because of concerns about how the policies of its new government might affect the profitability of its companies. Mexican shares make up only 14.6 percent of her fund, compared with 21.6 percent of the index. The S&P BMV IPC, a leading Mexico stock index, lost 15.27 percent last quarter.“I’m not that worried about trade and Trump,” she said. “The new trade agreement is moving forward. But policymaking is deteriorating in Mexico, with a more populist, left-wing type of government.”Ms. Wachnitz’s fund, with a net expense ratio of 1.29 percent, returned 6.01 percent in the fourth quarter, compared with a loss of 13.52 percent, including dividends, for the S&P 500. The quarter’s punishments weren’t limited to the S&P 500 and Mexico: Nearly every stock-market sector tracked by Morningstar recorded a loss.MFS Diversified IncomeMFS Diversified Income didn’t manage a gain in the fourth quarter: It lost 3.79 percent. But it still outpaced all but a few competitors by spreading its bets around on income-producing securities. The fund, with an expense ratio of 0.99 percent, aims to “out-yield the equity market but outgrow the bond market and hopefully do so with less volatility,” said Robert M. Almeida, its lead portfolio manager. To do this, it owns both stocks and bonds.On the stock side, Mr. Almeida divides his shareholders’ money among real estate investment trusts and dividend payers and, on the bond side, investment-grade, high-yield and emerging-market debt.His starting point is an allocation of 20 percent of the fund’s assets to each of these asset classes — R.E.I.T.s, dividend payers and investment-grade bonds — as well as 25 percent to high-yield bonds and 15 percent to emerging-markets bonds. He then tweaks the precise weight of each by consulting with MFS’s other portfolio managers and its analysts. “In the fourth quarter, we were overweight emerging-market debt and R.E.I.T.s and underweight high-yield debt and global dividend-paying stocks,” he said.Those emerging-markets bonds represent a wager that the finances of some of the developing world’s governments are safer than the markets may appreciate. Mr. Almeida said many investors fixate on the economic trouble spots in the emerging world, like recently Venezuela and Turkey.“What doesn’t get talked about is Chile and Peru, which are fundamentally strong countries. I don’t think of them as high risk. High-yield debt is risk. There, you’re lending to the lower-quality end of the U.S. corporate market, which is going to have to refinance a lot of debt at higher rates over the next two to three years.”Mr. Almeida said his R.E.I.T. bet stemmed partly from a presentation made by Richard R. Gable, portfolio manager of the MFS Global Real Estate Fund. “Rick was saying the R.E.I.T. sector was the cheapest it’d been, relative to financials and the rest of the equity market, in years,” he said.Among R.E.I.T.s, Mr. Almeida said, MFS prefers those “with properties that are really hard to replicate.” His fund’s top real estate holdings include the Simon Property Group, the United States’ largest shopping-mall owner, and AvalonBay Communities, an apartment owner that is strong in coastal urban markets.American Funds College 2024 and College 2027 The American Funds College 2024 Fund and College 2027 Fund also buy both stocks and bonds. The two target-date college funds don’t invest directly in those securities but do so through other funds in the American family, which is managed by the Capital Group. Both college funds, for example, hold shares of the American Mutual Fund and the Bond Fund of America, which have been part of the American lineup for decades.The college funds are investment options in CollegeAmerica, a 529 college-savings plan sponsored by the state of Virginia. (That “529” refers to a provision of the United States Internal Revenue Code, and anyone can invest in the funds, not just Virginians, though the tax benefits may differ for people in other states.) The 2024 fund lost 1.27 percent in the fourth quarter, while the 2027 fund lost 3.26 percent. The 2024 fund has an expense ratio of 0.73 percent, while the 2027 has one of 0.8 percent.Wesley K.-S. Phoa, principal investment officer for American Funds’ target-date college funds series, said the funds’ bond investments didn’t carry excessive credit risk or unexpected correlations with the stock market, while the stock investments emphasized sturdiness, not sizzle. “We’ve picked stock funds that focus on solid blue-chip dividend payers, and that has delivered the resilience we hoped it would,” he said.Mr. Phoa said college funds present an unusual asset-allocation challenge in that investors — often parents — are seeking the savings growth that stocks can bring but they typically have only about 15 years to achieve that. That gives them less time to ride out down markets, like the fourth quarter’s thumping.“Most parents make steady modest contributions, and a lot start when their kids are 6 or 7,” he said. “When you’re putting in modest amounts, you want to get as much growth as you can. So we’re pretty growth oriented for a young beneficiary. But once you get within a couple of years in college enrollment, that’s the last thing you want. So at this stage, we’re invested very conservatively.”For the 2024 fund, whose intended beneficiaries are now 13 to 15 years old, that translates to about 68 percent bonds, 26 percent stocks and 6 percent cash. For the 2027 fund, whose intended beneficiaries are now 10 to 12, that translates to 54 percent bonds, 41 percent stocks and 5 percent cash.Mr. Phoa said he has recently gained a new appreciation of the stresses his clients face, because his own daughter is 16 and thinking about college. “Once you get within a couple of years in college enrollment, the last thing you want to discuss is what’s happening in the 529 account.”The Sacklers had a new plan.It was 2014, and the company the family had controlled for two generations, Purdue Pharma, had been hit with years of investigations and lawsuits over its marketing of the highly addictive opioid painkiller OxyContin, at one point pleading guilty to a federal felony and paying more than $600 million in criminal and civil penalties.But as the country’s addiction crisis worsened, the Sacklers spied another business opportunity. They could increase their profits by selling treatments for the very problem their company had helped to create: addiction to opioids.Details of the effort, named Project Tango, have come to light in lawsuits filed by the attorneys general of Massachusetts and New York. Together, the cases lay out the extensive involvement of a family that has largely escaped personal legal consequences for Purdue Pharma’s role in an epidemic that has led to hundreds of thousands of overdose deaths in the past two decades.ImageRichard SacklerThe filings cite numerous records, emails and other documents showing that members of the family continued to push aggressively to expand the market for OxyContin and other opioids for years after the company admitted in a 2007 plea deal that it had misrepresented the drug’s addictive qualities and potential for abuse.[Like the Science Times page on Facebook. | Sign up for the Science Times newsletter.]The business potential of adding addiction treatment to the mix was illustrated in internal company charts and diagrams.“Pain treatment and addiction are naturally linked,” one Project Tango document, included in the New York complaint, said. It depicted a big blue funnel. The fat end was labeled “pain treatment”; the narrow end was labeled “opioid addiction treatment.”The company, the document said, could make money at both ends of the funnel as an “end-to-end pain provider.” Dr. Kathe Sackler, one of the eight family members sitting on Purdue’s board, instructed employees to devote “immediate attention” to the effort, according to an email included in the Massachusetts filing.The two lawsuits are part of a burst of recent litigation that has taken aim at the Sacklers, a far-flung billionaire family that has a network of trusts and companies in the United States and abroad. Their philanthropic gifts have built namesake wings housing the Temple of Dendur at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York and oriental antiquities at the Louvre in Paris, as well as a library at the University of Oxford and a scientific institute at Columbia University.In addition to New York and Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island and Utah have filed suit against members of the family. Last month, a coalition of more than 500 counties, cities and Native American tribes named the Sacklers in a case in the Southern District of New York, bringing the family into a bundle of 1,600 opioids cases being overseen by a federal court judge in Cleveland.(The various legal claims also identify many other manufacturers, distributors and pharmacy chains as bearing responsibility for the epidemic.)The suits are not only an effort to get at the Sacklers’ personal fortunes — estimated by Forbes to be $13 billion — but to expose the extent to which the Sacklers themselves have been calling the shots.“If these allegations against the Sacklers are proven to be correct, that could dramatically change the potential reach of where the litigation goes to collect funds on behalf of the cities and states that are so desperately trying to get money to deal with the opioid crisis,” said Adam Zimmerman, an expert on complex litigation at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles.In a joint statement to The New York Times, representatives of the eight Sackler family members named as defendants in the New York and Massachusetts cases said the lawsuits were “filled with claims that are demonstrably false and unsupportable by the actual facts.” The statement also contended that the claims would be refuted by the family’s response this week to the Massachusetts lawsuit.The statement said the lawsuits “ignore the fact that the Sackler family has long been committed to initiatives that prevent abuse and addiction,” citing what it characterized as a philanthropic donation from the family to an addiction research and treatment center in Tulsa, Okla. In fact, the $75 million contribution, to be made over five years, was a condition of the court-approved settlement of an opioid lawsuit brought by the Oklahoma attorney general against Purdue.Regarding Project Tango, a separate statement from some of the Sacklers named in the suits said that “no board member proposed Tango, or authored any documents in support of it.”Purdue, for its part, said in a court filing in Massachusetts this year that it “neither created nor caused the opioid epidemic” there and in a statement last week said the company and its former directors “vigorously deny” the New York claims.Prescription opioids are Food and Drug Administration-approved medications that have legitimate uses for certain patients with advanced cancer or short-term severely acute pain, and are still prescribed, despite limited evidence, for some patients with chronic pain.A central concern of the investigations and legal cases against Purdue Pharma over the years, including the 2007 federal investigation, has been whether the company, its executives and owners were aware in the late 1990s that OxyContin was being abused. The new lawsuits are notable for the detail they provide about the family’s own continued push to sell opioids in more recent years, as the opioid epidemic became a full-blown national crisis.In 2009, two years after the federal guilty plea, Mortimer D.A. Sackler, a board member, demanded to know why the company wasn’t selling more opioids, email traffic cited by Massachusetts prosecutors showed.ImageTheresa SacklerCreditDavid M. Benett/Getty ImagesIn 2011, as states looked for ways to curb opioid prescriptions, family members peppered the sales staff with questions about how to expand the market for the drugs. Mortimer asked if they could sell a generic version of OxyContin in order to “capture more cost sensitive patients,” according to one email. Kathe, his half sister, suggested studying patients who had switched to OxyContin to see if they could find patterns that could help them win new customers, according to court filings in Massachusetts.The family’s statement said they were just acting as responsible board members, raising questions about “business issues that were highly relevant to doctors and patients.”In July 2011, Mortimer and Kathe’s cousin Dr. Richard Sackler, who had stepped down as Purdue’s president several years earlier but remained an influential board member, went into the field with a sales representative to promote opioids to doctors, though some in the company were concerned that his involvement could run afoul of regulators, according to documents in the Massachusetts case.When he returned, he argued in an email to Purdue’s vice president for sales that a legally required warning about opioids wasn’t needed, and that it “implies a danger of untoward reactions and hazards that simply aren’t there.”(The family’s statement disputed that, saying that Richard supported accurate labeling, and merely questioned where on the label the warning should appear. The statement also said he had not been out in the field with sales representatives since well before the launch of OxyContin, in 1996.)In 2014, Raymond Sackler, now deceased, sent three other family members a confidential memo about Purdue’s strategy for placing patients on high doses of opioids for extended periods of time. The memo noted that doctors had argued against the practice, but that Purdue had beaten back efforts to impose caps on doses, according to the Massachusetts complaint.The next year, Jonathan Sackler, then a board member, sought information about how public health campaigns to curb opioid addiction would affect OxyContin sales. In 2017, he pushed to develop a new opioid, and asked the staff to present a plan at the next Purdue board meeting.From laxatives to painkillersIt was Arthur Sackler, a psychiatrist and pharmaceutical marketing guru who helped pioneer the infomercial, who started the family business dynasty. In 1952, he and his two younger brothers, Mortimer and Raymond (who were also psychiatrists and who have since died), bought a small company called Purdue Frederick. Their first products included laxatives and a prescription earwax remover, as recounted in the book “Pain Killer” by Barry Meier, a former New York Times reporter.ImageJonathan SacklerCreditSylvain Gaboury/PatrickMcmullan.comThe sprawling family today is hardly monolithic. Arthur’s branch has not been involved in Purdue for many years, and one of his children, Elizabeth A. Sackler, has called Purdue Pharma’s role in the opioid crisis “morally abhorrent.” But reporting published last year by ProPublica and The Atlantic suggested that Arthur’s side of the family may have reaped some financial benefit from Purdue after OxyContin hit the market.The lawsuits brought by the attorneys general of New York and Massachusetts, Letitia James and Maura Healey, named eight Sackler family members: Kathe, Mortimer, Richard, Jonathan and Ilene Sackler Lefcourt — children of either Mortimer or Raymond Sackler — along with Theresa Sackler, the elder Mortimer’s widow; Beverly Sackler, Raymond’s widow; and David Sackler, a grandson of Raymond.Purdue’s business was fundamentally changed after the F.D.A. approved OxyContin in 1995. The company marketed the drug as a long-acting painkiller that was less addictive than shorter-acting rivals like Percocet and Vicodin, a strategy aimed at reducing the stigma attached to opioids among doctors.The court filings detailed a multipronged approach used by the pharmaceutical industry at that time to reshape public perceptions about pain and chip away at physicians’ reluctance to prescribe opioids, long known to be addictive, by describing an “epidemic” of untreated pain affecting 100 million Americans.Manufacturers funded “front groups” that were “disguised as ‘unbiased’ sources of cutting-edge medical research and information,” according to the New York attorney general’s office, ostensibly to educate the public about chronic pain and the benefits of opioids. Physicians were paid as consultants to further spread their message. The companies claimed that opioids were safer than high doses of acetaminophen and other anti-inflammatory agents and that there was a minuscule risk of addiction.At Purdue, sales representatives focused on doctors who were high-volume opioid prescribers, as well as inexperienced providers and primary care physicians who knew little about pain management, encouraging them to prescribe higher and higher doses for longer stretches of time, according to the court filings. Sales representatives could earn tens of thousands of dollars in bonuses and were rewarded with trips to tropical islands.Since OxyContin came on the market, more than 200,000 Americans have died of overdoses related to prescription opioids. As reports of overdoses grew, Richard Sackler urged the company to blame the patients. “We have to hammer on abusers in every way possible,” he wrote in a 2001 email disclosed in documents filed in the Massachusetts case. “They are the culprits and the problem. They are reckless criminals.”That year, after a federal prosecutor highlighted 59 OxyContin-related deaths in one state, Mr. Sackler wrote: “This is not too bad. It could have been far worse.”ImageMortimer D.A. SacklerCreditPatrick McMullan, via Getty ImagesThe same year Purdue lawyers negotiated the federal guilty plea, the Sacklers quietly formed a new company to sell generic opioids, called Rhodes, according to the New York lawsuit.“Rhodes was set up as a ‘landing pad’ for the Sackler family in 2007, to prepare for the possibility that they would need to start afresh following the crisis then engulfing OxyContin,” the suit quotes a former senior manager at Purdue as saying.The Sacklers were intimately involved in overseeing and approving Rhodes’s activities, court records show. They saw the agendas for board of directors meetings and the financial statements. In the years that followed, Theresa, Kathe and Jonathan Sackler would serve on Rhodes’s governance committee, according to the New York lawsuit, while Kathe, Jonathan, Mortimer and David served on its business development committee.The business operations of Rhodes, based in Rhode Island, and Purdue, based in Connecticut, were closely enmeshed. Rhodes relied on Purdue to oversee its compliance with government regulations, ensuring the quality and safety of its products, the New York lawsuit says, providing, for example, statistics and data to Rhodes’s compliance committee for review.Rhodes made monetary distributions to two companies that were ultimately owned by trusts set up for the Sacklers: the Rosebay Medical Company and the Beacon Company.While the Sacklers “have reduced Purdue’s operations and size, Rhodes continues to grow and sell opioids for the benefit of the Sackler families,” the New York suit contends.By 2016, Rhodes, though little known to the public, had a greater share of the American prescription opioid market than Purdue, according to a Financial Times analysis. Together, the companies ranked seventh in terms of the market share of opioids.Purdue temporarily abandoned plans to pursue Project Tango in 2014, but revived the idea two years later, this time pursuing a plan to sell naloxone, an overdose-reversing drug, according to the Massachusetts filing. A few months later, in December 2016, Richard, Jonathan and Mortimer Sackler discussed buying a company that used implantable drug pumps to treat opioid addiction.In recent years, the Sacklers and their companies have been developing products for opioid and overdose treatment on various tracks. Last year, Richard Sackler was awarded a patent for a version of buprenorphine, a drug that blocks opioid receptors, administered by mouth in a thin film. In March, the F.D.A. fast tracked the company’s application for an injectable drug for emergency treatment of overdoses.Purdue has said it is taking charitable steps to curb opioid addiction, and last year donated $3.4 million to a nonprofit developing a nasal spray that uses the drug naloxone to treat opioid overdoses.But the funnel that Purdue once described is full, and overflowing at both ends. David Sackler spent a reported $22.5 million on a Bel Air mansion last year. Mortimer’s Amagansett spread has been featured in Vogue. Theresa Sackler was made a dame and is a trustee of the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.Last week, three Democratic senators from states hit hard by the opioid epidemic, Edward J. Markey of Massachusetts, Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island and Joe Manchin of West Virginia, sent a letter to Purdue, insisting that it make a more formal commitment not to make money from the treatments.“Indeed,” they wrote, “it is a maxim of the common law in this country that no one should be allowed to profit from his own wrongdoing.”(Reuters) - United Arab Emirates-based payments and foreign exchange company Finablr said on Tuesday it expects to register to launch an initial public offering in London, in a deal that could raise proceeds of $200 million (£152.7 million).Finablr, the holding company for businesses including UAE Exchange, Travelex Holdings and Xpress Money, said any offer it made would consist of new shares and existing shares to be sold by some of its investors.The company intends to use the net proceeds to finance expansion plans and reduce net debt, it said. (Reporting by Noor Zainab Hussain in Bengaluru; editing by Patrick Graham)Armchair investors have been selling stock. So have pension funds and mutual funds, as well as a whole other category of investors — nonprofit groups, endowments, private equity firms and personal trusts. The stock market is off to its best start since 1987, but these investors are expected to dump hundreds of billions of dollars of shares this year.So who is pushing prices higher? In part, the companies themselves. American corporations flush with cash from last year’s tax cuts and a growing economy are buying back their own shares at an extraordinary clip. They have good reason: Buybacks allow them to return cash to shareholders, burnish key measures of financial performance and goose their share prices.The surge in buybacks reflects a fundamental shift in how the market is operating, cementing the position of corporations as the single largest source of demand for American stocks. The binge has helped sustain a bull market approaching its 10th birthday, even in the face of political, international and economic uncertainty. Since the market rally began in March 2009, the S&P 500 has risen more than 300 percent as the United States recovered from the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression. But few expect those kinds of gains over the next decade. Facing the prospect of a period of relatively low returns — or even a bear market for stocks — many investors are eager to protect their gains or to find more appealing investments, like emerging markets and corporate bonds, outside the American stock market. “There’s no reason to be a hog,” said Rich Robben, interim chief investment officer of the Kentucky Retirement Systems, which manages more than $17 billion in the state’s retirement and insurance funds. “We’ve all eaten at the public equity trough very well for 10 years now. And we felt it was just time to reduce that exposure a bit.”Mr. Robben said his pension fund, which pays benefits to more than 100,000 retired state and county workers, has been cutting its stake in the domestic stock market for 18 months. Such prudence paid off late last year, when concerns about a sluggish global economy, rising interest rates and slowing corporate profits hit the market. The S&P 500 fell 14 percent in the fourth quarter, and 9 percent in December alone. That was the worst monthly performance since February 2009, and badly shook investor confidence. Since the worst of the sell-off, on Dec. 24, the S&P 500 is up roughly 19 percent. But data show that many investors remain nervous: In every week this year, money has flowed out of domestic stock market mutual funds and exchange-traded funds — as much as $15 billion in the last week of January, according to EPFR Global, which tracks flows into and out of funds. These investors, overwhelmingly individuals, have moved money into bonds and cash. Henry Crutcher has missed a bit of the rebound. Mr. Crutcher, a 44-year-old software company owner in Atlanta, saw December’s crack in the stock market as a buying opportunity and moved roughly 10 percent of his portfolio from cash into a Russell 2000 exchange-traded fund. After enjoying a couple weeks of rising stock prices, he sold it, missing much of the roughly 10 percent of additional gains that have come since mid-January.“Right now I’m partially invested,” Mr. Crutcher said. “I’m not totally sitting on the sidelines. But I’m more on the sidelines than I think I should be.”Survey data suggests portfolio managers at many mutual funds and hedge funds have also been skittish about chasing the market higher. A survey of global fund managers by Bank of America Merrill Lynch this month reported that those holding more money in cash than usual outnumbered their stock-friendly counterparts by 44 percentage points — the biggest margin since January 2009. Such statistics suggest that many investors failed to capitalize on the sharp snapback in stocks early this year. “The speed of the rally is uncomfortable,” said Michael Hartnett, chief investment strategist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. “To turn from a seller to a buyer in a week is, again, psychologically very tough for people.”Corporations, however, don’t seem to be experiencing such angst. In the fourth quarter last year, American companies bought an estimated $240 billion of their own shares, according to an analysis by the Goldman Sachs team that handles stock buybacks for major companies. That’s nearly 60 percent higher than during the same period in 2017. More buybacks are coming. The Union Pacific railroad has bought nearly $32 billion in its own shares since 2007, and this month authorized buying over $20 billion more. The tech equipment giant Cisco has spent roughly $20 billion on buybacks in the past year, and has authorizations to spend another $24 billion. And Bank of America, which planned to buy $20 billion of its own shares by the end of June, just added $2.5 billion on top of that, the bank said this month.Besides returning cash to shareholders, buybacks offer companies two crucial benefits. They increase demand for a stock, helping to prop up share prices. Buybacks also improve a key gauge of profitability closely tracked by investors and analysts: When a company buys back shares, the same profits are spread over the smaller number of shares still outstanding, improving their earnings-per-share number. So far this year, companies have announced plans to repurchase a total of more than $190 billion of their own shares. That is only slightly behind last year’s pace of buyback announcements. And last year was a record for buybacks, as companies, in part thanks to the Trump administration’s tax cut, gobbled $910 billion of their shares, according to an analysis by Goldman Sachs. Before the early 1980s, buying shares with corporate money was considered a legal gray area because it might open a company up to charges of manipulating its share price. In 1982, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted a rule that allowed share repurchases, provided they followed certain rules.Since then, stock buybacks have largely replaced dividends as companies’ preferred way to return to shareholders the cash they can’t spend productively. Shareholders like buybacks because they reduce the numbers of shares outstanding, which results in each remaining share being worth a bigger slice of the company. Taxes on buybacks can also be deferred until investors sell the shares, which are then taxed as capital gains. While share buybacks tend to increase companies’ share prices, critics blame them for stymieing corporate investment, hiring and wages. They argue that when a company spends its cash on buybacks, it leaves less money available for long-term capital spending and wages. Supporters of buybacks argue, however, that companies won’t make new investments or increase hiring if they don’t see a profitable reason to do so. They contend that banning buybacks would simply result in higher dividend payments and corporate cash holdings or a surge in mergers and acquisitions. Senators Chuck Schumer, a Democrat from New York, and Bernie Sanders, an independent from Vermont, said this month that they planned to introduce legislation that would limit buybacks for companies that did not pay their workers at least a $15 an hour, among other criteria. Also this month, Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said he planned to introduce a bill that would change the preferential tax treatment of buybacks, though the details of such an approach remain unclear. But even if such proposals were enacted — and few Republicans have voiced support for Mr. Rubio’s idea — it’s not clear that they would derail the stock market’s ever-higher march. A number of other factors — most notably the Federal Reserve’s abrupt turn away from its clockwork pattern of interest-rate increases — have combined to restore confidence since the brutal sell-off that left the S&P 500 down nearly 20 percent for the year on Christmas Eve.The arrival of a solid, if unspectacular, batch of fourth-quarter earnings reports also quelled some investors’ fears about the outlook for the global economy and corporate profits.But the persistent flow of corporate money into the stock market has been a pivotal element in its recent rise. “Buybacks are likely the No. 1 cause,” said Brian Reynolds, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity, a Canadian asset management and brokerage firm. Buybacks’ importance to the rally means any legislative push that results in less activity could act as a headwind to stocks, said Michael Purves, chief global strategist at the brokerage firm Weeden & Company. But if such changes don’t gain a foothold, corporate buying will most likely remain a cornerstone of the stock market in the coming years. This year alone, Goldman Sachs analysts estimated, corporations will be by far the largest buyer of shares, with net purchases of $700 billion. Traditional investors like mutual funds, pensions, endowments and individuals are expected to be net sellers, parting with roughly $400 billion in shares. NEW YORK — With U.S. stocks a stone's throw away from hitting a record high, Wall Street's so-called "fear gauge" slipped to a fresh six-month low on Friday, in a sign investors expect the good times to keep rolling.The S&P 500 crossed the 2,900 mark for the first time since early October on Friday, boosted by a jump in Walt Disney shares and as bank stocks surged after strong results from JPMorgan Chase & Co.The stock index's recent gains spell a striking reversal in fortunes for investors, who just a few months ago had been staring at the demise of the longest bull market for stocks.Stocks tumbled hard late last year, as investors fretted over mounting concerns about global growth, waning corporate profits, U.S.-China trade tensions and the Fed's path on rate hikes.But you wouldn't know that looking at the Cboe Volatility Index today. On Friday the VIX - a widely followed options-based barometer of expected near-term volatility for stocks - slipped as low as 12.11, its lowest since October 5.That was shortly after the S&P logged its highest ever close at 2,929.67 on Sept 21, and marked the beginning of what became a near 20% correction to a low near 2,351 on Christmas Eve that saw the VIX spike above 36.Investors' forecast for low volatility is in line with how stocks have been moving of late. One-month historical volatility for the S&P 500 index - a measure of daily gyrations - is close to the lowest it has been since October. Some Wall Street analysts say stocks have room to run.Equity exposure for volatility targeting portfolios and hedge funds are low and retail investors have yet to return to U.S. equity funds after record outflows in December, JPMorgan analysts Bram Kaplan and Shawn Quigg said in a note on Friday. "Despite the fact that the market is closing in on record highs, systematic and macro investors have a long way to go in terms of re-levering their portfolios," the analysts said.The return of these types of investors to stocks can continue for the next couple of months and support the market, they said.Despite the stock market turmoil late last year, traders are discounting volatility, citing historical trade patterns."Once a cyclical correction within a secular bull market is over, the next rally tends to be strong," said technical analysts at BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research said in a note on Thursday.The amount of time for the S&P 500 to regain the high from the start of the cyclical correction within a secular bull market averages 15.4 months, according to BofA Merrill Lynch data."If 2351 from 12/24 proves to be the correction low on the S&P 500, this suggests that the S&P 500 could achieve a new high in January 2020 given the start of the correction in September," the BofA analysts said. (Reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Alden Bentley and Chizu Nomiyama)BEIJING — China's auto sales fell again in March but the pace of decline was the smallest in seven months, industry data showed, as car makers reduced retail prices to boost business after Beijing handed out tax cuts to spur consumer spending.Sales fell 5.2 percent from a year ago to 2.52 million vehicles, the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (CAAM) said on Friday, marking the ninth straight month of decline in the world's largest auto market.But this was the smallest drop since August 2018."We saw a warmer recovery in March. We are optimistic and hope to see the turning point appear in around July and August" said Xu Haidong, assistant secretary general at CAAM, the country's biggest auto industry association.Recent government cuts to value-added tax (VAT) are expected to further benefit car sales, Xu added. "The VAT cut can drive production and employment, so an effective implementation of the policy can bring warmth to the market." China has cut VAT for the manufacturing sector to 13 percent from 16 percent, prompting some car makers such as BMW and Mercedes-Benz to lower prices."We expect China's auto market to see positive growth in the third quarter and a relatively large increase in the fourth," said Alan Kang, Shanghai-based analyst at LMC Automotive. In 2018, China's car market hit reverse for the first time since the 1990s against a backdrop of slowing economic growth and a crippling Sino-U.S. trade war.However, new energy vehicle (NEV) sales have remained a bright spot, jumping almost 62 percent last year even as the broader auto market contracted.Last month, NEV sales rose 85.4 percent to 126,000 units, the CAAM said.China has been a keen supporter of NEV - pure battery electric, hybrid and plug-in hybrids - and has started implementing NEV sales quota requirements for automakers.After rolling out a generous 5-year NEV subsidy programme in 2016 to support sales and encourage innovation, Beijing recently pledged to phase it out by 2020 and raise standards for vehicles eligible for subsidies amid criticism some firms have become too reliant on the funds. (Reporting by Beijing newsroom, Yilei Sun and Brenda Goh in Shanghai; Editing by Himani Sarkar)The new jobs numbers reported Friday are not spectacular by the standards of the last couple of years. But they also signify a sigh of relief.A weak job growth number in February had appeared to be the most solid evidence yet that the United States economy was slowing, and perhaps even that the expansion might be near an end. The Labor Department originally reported that employers added a mere 20,000 jobs that month. Even after new revisions, that number came in at only 33,000.The March number — 196,000 positions added last month — makes clear that February was an aberration, not a trend. For all the fluctuations in financial markets and pessimistic commentary at the end of last year, the great American job creation machine is still humming.Over the last six months, the economy has averaged 207,000 new jobs a month, which is actually better than the results in 2017 and only slightly behind the rates of 2018.But even as the numbers give some assurance that the economy isn’t falling off a cliff, there’s nothing in it that will give the Federal Reserve reason to reconsider its approach on interest rates.Average hourly earnings rose only 0.1 percent in March, and are up 3.2 percent over the last year. Inflation is low enough that this represents rising incomes for American workers. But this is hardly the stuff of an inflationary outbreak that the Fed will feel compelled to stop with an increase in interest rates.The Fed, which has decided to put off rate increases indefinitely, has become increasingly comfortable with a tight labor market and jobless rates that, in the past, it would have viewed as a precursor to overheating. With the March rate at 3.8 percent, the jobless rate has been at 4 percent or lower for a full year.The stable unemployment rate in March masked negative trends in the share of Americans looking for work. The labor force participation rate fell by 0.2 of a percentage point, and the ratio of the adult population working fell by 0.1 percent.That is probably a statistical aberration, but taken at face value it implies that the progress toward pulling more Americans into the work force has not been as consistent and compelling as it had seemed.Combined with other significant data points — like surveys of business activity and retail sales — the latest readings on the labor market support the idea that this is a resilient economy. In December, a sharp sell-off in the stock market coincided with a rise in pessimism in surveys of business leaders.The report is a reminder that even if growth slows in 2019, which forecasters expect, a slowdown is not the same as a recession, and certainly not the same as a collapse. So far, the ominous signs about the economy — such as longer-term interest rates falling below some short-term rates, and weak reports on retail sales in December and on the labor market in February — are not reasons to panic.In other words, as long as employers ignore the latest fluctuations in financial markets and make their hiring and investment decisions based on demand for their products (which is strong) and availability of credit (which is easy), this expansion should have room to run yet.SHANGHAI — Geely, China's highest profile car maker with investments in Volvo and Daimler, launched a premium all-electric car brand "Geometry" on Thursday as it pushes ahead with its plans to boost production of new energy vehicles.The move comes as automakers race to develop vehicles powered by means other than petrol to meet an expected rise in demand as the world's top car market enforces official production quotas designed to reduce smog.Geometry will take overseas orders but will mainly focus on the Chinese market and will launch more than 10 pure electric models in multiple segments by 2025, Geely said in a statement on Thursday.The company added it had already received more than 26,000 orders globally for its first model, the Geometry A. The longer-range version of the model has an ability to travel up to 500 kilometers (310.69 miles) on a single charge, Geely said. Geely launched Geometry at an event in Singapore and said the city-state would eventually become a target market."The launch of Geometry and its first product advances Geely's strategic goal of becoming one of world top 10 automotive groups," An Conghui, president of Zhejiang Geely Holding Group, said in the statement.Geely set up a new joint venture with Germany's Daimler just last month to build the next generation of Smart electric cars in China. Smart is Daimler's small-car brand.Geely is also developing new energy commercial vehicles like pickup trucks at another unit, Yuan Cheng Auto. China has been a keen supporter of new energy vehicles (NEV) including pure battery electric, hybrid, and plug-in hybrid technologies, and started implementing NEV sales quota requirements for automakers. According to a Reuters report, global automakers are planning a $300 billion surge in spending on electric vehicle technology over the next five to 10 years, with nearly half of the money targeted at China.Geely posted sales growth of 20 percent in 2018. However, it is forecasting largely steady sales this year as the country's giant auto market struggles with slowing economic growth and more cautious consumers. Last year, the overall market contracted for the first time since the 1990s.The Chinese carmaker bought Volvo Cars in 2010 from Ford Motor Co in what was China's biggest acquisition of a foreign car maker at the time.  (Reporting by Yilei Sun and Brenda Goh in Shanghai; Editing by Himani Sarkar)DUBAI/LONDON/MOSCOW — OPEC could raise oil output from July if Venezuelan and Iranian supply drops further and prices keep rallying, because extending production cuts with Russia and other allies could overtighten the market, sources familiar with the matter said.Venezuelan crude production has dropped below 1 million barrels per day (bpd) because of U.S. sanctions. Iranian supply could fall further after May if, as many expect, Washington tightens its sanctions against Tehran.The combined supply cuts have helped to drive a 32 percent rally in crude prices this year to nearly $72 a barrel, prompting pressure from U.S. President Donald Trump for OPEC to ease its market-supporting efforts. OPEC has been saying the curbs must remain, but that stance is now softening."If there was a big drop in supply and oil went up to $85, that's something we don't want to see, so we may have to increase output," one OPEC source said. The market outlook remains unclear and much depends on how far Washington tightens the screw on Iran and Venezuela before OPEC's June meeting, the source added.The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, Russia and other producers, an alliance known as OPEC+, are reducing output by 1.2 million bpd from Jan. 1 for six months. They meet on June 25-26 to decide whether to extend the pact.A Russian official indicated this week that Moscow wanted to pump more, in comments that a Russian energy source said were aimed at preparing the market for the end of output curbs.However, President Vladimir Putin seemingly softened that stance.A second OPEC source said producers "might" pump more if output dropped further from Iran and Venezuela and oil went above $80 by June. If this happened, any increase would be smaller than 1.2 million bpd, the source saidA third OPEC source raised the prospect of amending the deal in June while still extending the pact, citing declines in Iranian and Venezuelan production plus volatility in Libyan supply."I expect an extension for a further period, but maybe there will be some adjustment," this source said.In 2018 OPEC+ decided to increase output at its mid-year meeting, only to return to production cuts in 2019.OUTPUT DROPSOutput declines in OPEC because of the supply pact, plus the sanctions on Venezuela and Iran, have exceeded expectations.Venezuela pumped 960,000 bpd in March, down almost 500,000 bpd from February, OPEC said in a report on Wednesday. The report pointed to a slightly under-supplied market in 2019 if OPEC kept pumping at March's level.For a graphic on World oil market balance 2019, see - https://tmsnrt.rs/2VBfVGG The International Energy Agency on Thursday reported an even lower figure for Venezuela's March output and said the country's production is likely to fall further this month. Adding to the impact of the involuntary declines, top exporter Saudi Arabia has cut production by more than it agreed under the global pact.A fourth OPEC source said there were talks about ideas such as whether OPEC should continue with the cuts alone, a deal extension of only three months to keep Russia on board or pumping more if prices rise further."An increase is on the table, yes, if prices went to $80 and higher," this OPEC source said. "It all depends on where prices are by the end of May and June."Saudi Arabia can add more oil to the market without adjusting production quotas since the kingdom's output in March was some 500,000 bpd below its OPEC target, the source added.Russia is also ready to boost supplies. "Russia has started talks about an oil production rise as it can hardly follow the OPEC+ deal," said another Russian energy source. "The companies are struggling to curb production."  (Writing by Alex Lawler; Editing by Dale Hudson and David Goodman)Each week, our survey of recent residential sales in New York City and the surrounding region focuses on homes that sold around a certain price point, allowing you to compare single-family homes, condos and co-ops in different locales.The “list price” is the asking price when the property came on the market with the most recent broker. The time on the market is measured from the most recent listing to the closing date of the sale.Queens | 3 bedrooms, 1½ baths$810,00052-50 62nd Street, MaspethAn 89-year-old, 1,400-square-foot, attached Tudor-style house with a decorative fireplace in the living room, a finished basement with a partial kitchen, and an attached one-car garage.32 weeks on the market$918,000 list price12% below list priceCosts $5,743 a year in taxesListing broker Douglas Elliman Real EstateConnecticut | 5 bedrooms, 4 full and 2 half baths$949,00063 Old Rock Lane, NorwalkA seven-year-old, 3,292-square-foot house with vinyl siding, a kitchen with a breakfast bar, a family room with a fireplace, a formal dining room and a bluestone patio, on 1.23 acres.25 weeks on the market$1,099,000 list price14% below list priceCosts $16,788 a year in taxesListing broker Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices New England PropertiesNew Jersey | 5 bedrooms, 3½ baths$785,000108 Collingwood Place, RidgewoodThis three-story, 2,586-square-foot house built in 1904 has a living room with a stone fireplace, a dining room with a coffered ceiling and a kitchen with a vaulted ceiling, on 0.42 acres.22 weeks on the market$850,000 list price8% below list priceCosts $18,367 a year in taxesListing broker Prominent Properties Sotheby’s International RealtyLong Island | 3 bedrooms, 1½ baths$748,000129 Elm Street, Roslyn HeightsThis 99-year-old, 1,508-square-foot, brick house has a front porch, a formal dining room with built-in cabinets, and a family room with a beamed ceiling and a fireplace, on 0.23 acres.18 weeks on the market$748,000 list price0% above list priceCosts $16,599 a year in taxesListing broker Coldwell Banker Residential BrokerageManhattan | Studio$735,000310 East 46th Street, No. 12U, Turtle BayThis 790-square-foot, prewar condop has a bath, a sleeping loft, a terrace and a galley kitchen with quartz counters, in a doorman building with a roof deck and laundry rooms.46 weeks on the market$785,000 list price7% below list priceCosts $1,483 a month in maintenanceListing broker Wave Real EstateWestchester | 4 bedrooms, 2½ baths$800,000482 North Winding Road, ArdsleyA 54-year-old, 2,620-square-foot, contemporary-style house with a floating staircase, a kitchen with a countertop range, and a master suite with sliding doors to a deck, on 1.54 acres.23 weeks on the market$929,000 list price14% below list priceCosts $21,644 a year in taxesListing broker Houlihan LawrenceFor weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here. Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.HONG KONG — The European Union's markets watchdog should reconsider its ban on trading thousands of shares outside the bloc if there is a no-deal Brexit, a senior French government official said on Wednesday.The European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) stunned exchanges last month when it said that if Britain leaves the EU without a deal, 6,200 mostly EU-listed shares, but also 14 UK stocks, could only be traded on platforms inside the bloc.London is Europe's biggest share trading centre, used by fund managers from across the continent who would be forced to accept less attractive prices if cut off from Britain."The good thing is that ESMA has taken a decision, sometimes you see that in other places it is difficult to have a decision," said Sebastien Raspiller, head of the financial sector department at France's finance ministry."The bad news is that the decision was not good, so I hope that ESMA would be able to reconsider its position," Raspiller told the annual meeting of derivatives industry body ISDA in Hong Kong.ESMA declined to comment.ESMA's so-called "share trading obligation" decision has been described by some industry officials as a "land grab" by an EU keen to build up its own capital markets as Britain leaves the bloc.EFAMA, the European funds industry body, said it has called on the EU's executive European Commission to grant trading platforms in London access to EU customers in the event of a no-deal Brexit to avoid "negative implications" for asset managers and end investors.Pan-European share trading platforms Cboe, Turquoise (part of the London Stock Exchange) and Aquis Exchange have had to change their no-deal Brexit plans in recent days following ESMA's ruling, warning that splitting trading liquidity would hurt investors.Britain's markets watchdog, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), has called on ESMA to discuss the ruling. The FCA could reciprocate with a ban on trading UK and even some liquid EU shares outside the United Kingdom.The FCA declined to comment.Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May is asking EU leaders on Wednesday for a further delay to Brexit until at least the end of June, and Raspiller said uncertainty over Brexit was damaging for market participants. (Reporting by Alun John in Hong Kong; Writing and additional reporting by Huw Jones in London; Editing by Catherine Evans, David Holmes and Kirsten Donovan)SAN FRANCISCO — Pinterest set a price range for its initial public offering that will value the company below its last private-market peg of $12 billion, raising questions about investor demand for prominent but unprofitable technology companies that are stampeding toward the stock market.In an updated prospectus on Monday, Pinterest said it planned to price its offering at $15 to $17 a share. At the high end of that range, the digital pin board company would be valued at about $11.3 billion, accounting for stock options and restricted stock. The business was first valued at $12 billion in 2015, and again in 2017, by venture capitalists and other private investors.Pinterest’s price range dampens some of the fervor over a wave of tech offerings this year, which had promised to generate piles of new wealth in Silicon Valley. It follows last month’s I.P.O. of Lyft, the ride-hailing company, which is deeply unprofitable. While the offering created a great deal of hype and Lyft’s shares rose on their first day of trading, the stock fell below its offering price on its second day of trading, as it faced questions about its business.“People are looking at Lyft and realizing that even if the road show goes extremely well and there is a lot of demand, you can’t overprice the offering,” said Elliot Lutzker, corporate and securities partner at Davidoff Hutcher & Citron.He added that investors were looking more at business fundamentals. “Not every company is an Amazon that can afford to lose money for years and years while growing,” he said.How Lyft and Pinterest perform in their public debuts will be critical in the lead-up to the public offering of Uber, the largest of this generation of tech start-ups. Uber is expected to go public in the next few months at a valuation of around $120 billion, in what would be the biggest I.P.O. by an American company.Several other smaller companies are also planning public offerings, including Zoom, a video conferencing company; PagerDuty, a software company; and Slack, an office communications company.Pinterest’s filing on Monday coincided with the beginning of the company’s so-called road show, during which it plans to pitch institutional investors before the company’s final I.P.O. pricing and first day of trading. High demand from investors over the next several days could lead the company to raise the price of its shares.At the midpoint of its price range, the company would raise around $1.2 billion from public market investors. Pinterest also has $628 million in cash on its balance sheet.If Pinterest goes public below its last private market valuation, that will not be a first for this generation of highly valued start-ups. Box, a cloud storage company, went public in 2015 at $1.6 billion, below its $2.4 billion private market valuation. The company now trades at a $2.8 billion market capitalization. Square, a payments company that was worth $6 billion in the private market, went public in 2015 at a $2.9 billion valuation. Square now has a $31 billion market capitalization.In total, private investors have poured about $1.5 billion into Pinterest. A market debut below $12 billion could spell a loss for the ones that invested most recently.But the company’s earlier investors will still see huge paydays. In its updated prospectus, Pinterest revealed the ownership stakes of its biggest shareholders, which include the venture capital firms Bessemer Venture Partners, FirstMark Capital and Andreessen Horowitz. At the midpoint of the proposed I.P.O. price range, Bessemer’s stake would be worth $952 million, FirstMark’s would be worth $710 million, and Andreessen’s would be $696 million.The biggest individual shareholder is Ben Silbermann, Pinterest’s 36-year-old chief executive and co-founder. He owns 11.4 percent of Pinterest’s shares, making his stake worth $825 million at the midpoint of the pricing range. Evan Sharp, 36, another co-founder and the chief design and creative officer, owns 2.1 percent of the company.Pinterest, which makes digital pin boards that allow people to save images and links from around the web, took off around 2011. Pinners, as users are known, create collagelike mood boards on topics like food, events and hobbies. Mr. Silbermann, who has taken a conservative approach to spending and growth, sought to build the company slowly. In 2014, Pinterest began selling ads.Mr. Silbermann’s methods contrasted with those of other entrepreneurs who lead companies known as unicorns, which are valued at more than $1 billion by private investors. Such companies have typically put a priority on fast growth over profits and take many years to go public. Unicorns that sell or go public below their last private valuation are known as undercorns.Like its peers, Pinterest loses money. But the company, which generates revenue from advertising, is burning less cash than Lyft or Uber. Last month, Pinterest revealed it lost $63 million on revenue of $756 million in 2018. Pinterest is also growing quickly, reporting a 60 percent jump in revenue from 2017 to 2018.The company plans to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol PINS.NEW YORK — Optimism that the United States and China will soon reach a trade deal has helped propel stocks close to new highs, but the decisive factor in whether the bull market runs much further may be this year's corporate earnings.Earnings season begins in earnest on Friday when JPMorgan Chase & Co and Wells Fargo & Co report quarterly results. Profit forecasts have been falling, and beating these lowered expectations could provide a catalyst for sustaining the rally that began a decade ago, investors say.The S&P 500 has risen 14.8% so far this year and is now just 1.8% below its record closing high of 2,930.75 on Sept. 20 and even closer to the 2,900 median year-end forecast from market strategists polled by Reuters in February.Rising expectations that a U.S.-China trade agreement is imminent have driven much of this year's gain in stocks, a reversal of the sharp sell-off in the fourth quarter of 2018. The Federal Reserve's move to pause interest-rate hikes has also helped fuel the run-up, outweighing concerns that the global economy is slowing.Yet those factors may not be enough to sustain the bull run if corporate earnings are underwhelming. Risks remain on trade too, with U.S. trade official Clete Willems telling Reuters on Monday that the White House is "not satisfied yet" about all the issues standing in the way of a deal to end the U.S.-China trade war. While earnings are expected to fall 2.5% year-over-year in the first quarter and register tepid growth in the second and third quarters, according to Refinitiv, consensus estimates have them rebounding in the fourth quarter, rising 8.9%."Whatever trade deal may come to fruition may cause a small short-term spike in markets, but it's largely priced in," said Oliver Pursche, chief market strategist at Bruderman Asset Management in New York. "Corporate earnings and economic data are much more critical."Especially worrying for investors is the potential of a corporate earnings recession, defined as at least two quarters of falling year-over-year profits, in 2019. First-quarter earnings are already projected to fall from 2018 figures, and further downward revisions to second-quarter estimates, currently at 2.5% year-over-year growth, could put them in negative territory as well."Almost all the earnings growth is backloaded into the end of the year," said Emily Roland, head of capital markets research at John Hancock Investments in Boston. "We're going to need a positive surprise in earnings to keep the engine running for strong market returns."Some believe that with lowered expectations, companies have ample room to surprise to the upside in their quarterly reports. Even if first-quarter profits decline, upbeat outlooks for the rest of the year could lift stocks.Earnings estimates do not reflect the positive effect of lower interest rates, said John Carey, portfolio manager at Amundi Pioneer Asset Management in Boston. Lower rates also bode well for consumer confidence, Carey said."With a more benign interest-rate outlook, we could go back to more positive earnings projections," he said. "It's a fairly major development."TRADE DEAL COULD PLAY ROLE IN EARNINGSWhile many investors believe a U.S. trade agreement with China would provide only a limited boost to equities at this point, the effects of such a deal could play a significant role in earnings outlooks for the second half of the year.Investors have sought to pinpoint how much of a slowdown in China's economic growth can be attributed to the effect of U.S. tariffs. If China's economy continues to slow even after a trade deal is reached, that malaise could inflame global economic fears once again, said Shannon Saccocia, chief investment officer at Boston Private. That could trigger a flight away from shares of U.S. multinationals with high China exposure, similar to what occurred in the spring of 2018.But several market watchers expect a rebound in Chinese economic growth as the country's stimulus measures take root and trade pressures are alleviated.Such a recovery would bode well for U.S. corporate earnings, particularly in the technology sector. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index, for instance, has risen 26.8% this year on the expectation that demand for chips will rebound as China's pace of economic growth is restored."If earnings growth firms up a little bit, that can drive the market higher," said James Ragan, director of wealth management research at D.A. Davidson in Seattle. "If we have a good U.S. economy and get China stimulus, you could make the argument that the environment for corporate earnings is positive." (Reporting by April Joyner; Editing by Alden Bentley and Cynthia Osterman)Each week, our survey of recent residential sales in New York City and the surrounding region focuses on homes that sold around a certain price point, allowing you to compare single-family homes, condos and co-ops in different locales.The “list price” is the asking price when the property came on the market with the most recent broker. The time on the market is measured from the most recent listing to the closing date of the sale.Manhattan | 1 bedroom, 1 bath$1,025,00050 Franklin Street, No. 7E, TriBeCaThis 779-square-foot, postwar condo has nine-foot ceilings, southern exposure, an open kitchen with a breakfast bar, and a washer and dryer, in a doorman building with a gym.40 weeks on the market$1,195,000 list price14% below list priceCosts $992 a month in common charges; $810 a month in abated taxesListing broker Douglas Elliman Real EstateWestchester | 4 bedrooms, 2½ baths$875,000162 Kelbourne Avenue, Sleepy HollowAn 89-year-old, 2,837-square-foot, Tudor-style house with a fireplace in the living room, a picture window in the dining room, a home office and a flagstone patio, on a quarter acre.13 weeks on the market$885,000 list price1% below list priceCosts $24,846 a year in taxesListing broker Houlihan LawrenceConnecticut |4 bedrooms, 4½ baths$826,00014 Duck Pond Road, NorwalkThis 31-year-old, 4,812-square-foot house has a sunken living room with a stone fireplace, a sun room with skylights and a master suite with a balcony, on an acre.94 weeks on the market$995,000 list price17% below list priceCosts $21,985 a year in taxesListing broker Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices New England PropertiesNew Jersey | 2 bedrooms, 2 baths$1,070,000205 10th Street, No. 2M, Jersey CityThis 1,770-square-foot duplex condo has a dining room with 15-foot ceilings, an open kitchen with stainless-steel appliances and an additional sleeping loft, in a former leather factory.16 weeks on the market$1,149,000 list price7% below list priceCosts $13,856 a year in taxes; $774 a month in common chargesListing broker Sawyer Smith ResidentialLong Island | 4 bedrooms, 3½ baths$1,065,00065 Park Avenue, MerrickA 71-year-old, 3,699-square-foot, vinyl-sided, colonial-style house with a fireplace in the formal dining room, a kitchen with stainless-steel appliances, a finished basement and a pool, on 0.28 acres.47 weeks on the market$1,249,000 list price15% below list priceCosts $23,039 a year in taxesListing broker Coldwell Banker Residential BrokerageBrooklyn | 3 bedrooms, 2 baths$865,00026 Eldert Street, No. 4, BushwickAn 1,100-square-foot duplex penthouse condo with hardwood floors, an open kitchen with quartz counters, and a private roof deck, in a prewar walk-up building with a metal facade.19 weeks on the market$999,000 list price13% below list priceCosts $475 in month in common charges; $615 a month in taxesListing broker Real New YorkFor weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here. Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.Fees on mutual funds and exchange-traded funds have been dropping so low that investors can now get the access and capabilities once enjoyed only by large institutions like pension funds at minimal cost.That’s a great benefit, though the proliferation of low-cost funds can also increase risks for people who may not know how to handle them, strategists say.Exchange-traded funds are priced all day on stock exchanges, unlike traditional mutual funds, which are priced only once daily, after the exchanges close. E.T.F.s also offer some tax advantages compared with mutual funds, said Larry Stein, a certified financial planner who manages more than $30 million at his Disciplined Investment Management firm in Deerfield, Ill.“All of my investments are in very basic traditional E.T.F.s,” Mr. Stein said. “It gives me the greatest diversification at the lowest possible cost.”A fee price war is underway. In a February filing, for example, the Vanguard Group said it was reducing fees on 10 funds with combined assets of $176 billion. Then SoFi, an online lender, said it planned to offer zero-fee E.T.F.s, while Charles Schwab and Fidelity increased the numbers of E.T.F.s. that could be traded without commissions. State Street Global Advisors, Defiance, BlackRock and DWS also announced that they were starting new low-fee funds, while JPMorgan Chase cut the fees on one of its United States stock funds to 0.02 percent.By the end of 2018, XTF, a fund analysis firm, found that nearly three-quarters of all assets in E.T.F.s were held in funds with expense ratios of less than 0.2 percent — just $2 for every $1,000 invested.Low-cost index mutual funds have been gaining popularity, too.In September, Fidelity introduced two index mutual funds with zero expense ratios, even lower than Vanguard’s cheapest index fund, the 500 Index Fund Admiral Shares, which has a ratio of 0.04 percent. The Fidelity funds — the Zero Total Market Index Fund and Zero International Index Fund — took in $1 billion in their first month. In March, BlackRock announced that it would cut fees on its iShares S&P 500 Index Fund to $1.25 for every $10,000 invested from $4, making it BlackRock’s cheapest fund.The failure of most active investment managers to match — much less beat — major indexes such as the Standard & Poor’s 500 or the Dow Jones Industrial Index has created a strong argument for cheap index funds that simply mimic those benchmarks.“More investors are appreciating the virtues of index investing, and more investors are appreciating the value of low cost — the less you pay for your investments, the more you have in your account,” said Rich Powers, who heads E.T.F. management at Vanguard.With just a few E.T.F.s, an investor can build a broadly diversified portfolio in domestic and foreign stocks and bonds.The Bogleheads, a group of admirers of John C. Bogle — the founder of the Vanguard Group and the godfather of low-cost investing — often recommend a simple, three-fund portfolio that tracks the total United States stock market, international stock markets and the domestic investment-grade bond market. Through 2018, such a portfolio, with 60 percent allocated to stocks and 40 percent to bonds, returned 8.2 percent, annualized over 10 years and 5.57 percent over 20 years.Warren E. Buffett has recommended an even simpler approach for most investors: a two-fund strategy, split between short-term government bonds and a low-cost Standard & Poor’s 500 index fund. He said he thinks the “long-term results from this policy will be superior to those attained by most investors.”The explosion of cheap funds has created some dangerous temptations for investors, however. For one thing, the ability to buy and sell E.T.F.s just like stocks can encourage too much daily trading, with associated expenses that eat into returns. Some funds are narrow in focus and not suitable for all portfolios. Simply because a fund is cheap does not mean that it’s a wise investment.Investors should look beyond low expense ratios to the spread in bid and ask prices offered by buyers and sellers. Smaller or more thinly traded E.T.F.s can bear wider spreads that defeat low fees, while bigger, more popular funds tracking common indexes can offer lower total costs.“Broadly diversified E.T.F.s usually trade in a tight spread,” said Mr. Powers of Vanguard. “We always encourage investors to look at the spread, especially when they’re comparing these very low-cost funds.”Another caveat is that a portfolio of basic E.T.F.s or index mutual funds will rise and fall with the broad market. That’s great when markets are rising. But investors who’ve used only index funds during this decade-long bull market could be in for a surprise when a real bear market emerges.If you are likely to need money soon to live on, for example, you will want to make sure you have managed the risk of your portfolio carefully, Mr. Stein of Disciplined Investment management said.“But for young people who don’t need to manage risk, E.T.F.s are an incredible thing,” he added. If all goes as expected and you are truly invested for the long term, he said, there is a good chance that you can “close your eyes and look at it 30 years later and you’re going to be very happy.”TOKYO — Japanese banks have stepped up investments in highly illiquid, securitised loans, mostly in the U.S. market, as it becomes increasingly difficult to earn decent interest income from conventional products like government bonds.A Reuters survey showed some of Japan's biggest banks, led by Norinchukin Bank, have nearly doubled their investment in collateralised loan obligations (CLOs) in the nine months to December.While the increased exposure brings back memories of similar, complex products made up of subprime mortgages that triggered a global financial crisis a decade ago, banks say they are managing risks carefully.Moreover, analysts expect institutions to continue buying such assets as Japanese investors seek returns amid a zero interest rate environment at home and a shrinking pool of stable, high yield income abroad. "We are controlling risks and returns from our major asset classes -- bonds, stocks and credit products -- by looking at their correlations and with proper checks by our risk control desk," said a spokesman for the Norinchukin Bank, by far the biggest CLO buyer among Japanese banks.CLOs are essentially an investment in a pool of loans to high-risk, low-credit companies. But not all investors share the same return and risk.Those who invest in the "equity" part, typically up to 10 percent of the entire pool, enjoy very high yields but have to take losses from borrowers default first.When defaults increase more than the equity investors can absorb, investors in "junior" tranches are next in line to suffer losses, followed by "mezzanine" tranche holders.The rest, typically about 60-70 percent of the total pool, are called "senior" tranches and normally come with AAA credit ratings because their repayments are at risk only when the other three classes fail to cover losses.That means they suffer losses only when more than 30-40 percent of loans default, an unlikely scenario even under a severe economic downturn, at least based on historical records.All the Japanese banks Reuters contacted said they have bought only AAA tranches.Senior CLOs are attractive because they typically yield about 100 basis points or more above U.S. Treasuries despite their high credit ratings.The hefty yield spread is the premium issuers need to pay investors for holding illiquid assets."As long as we can earn appropriate spreads, we plan to deal with CLO issues that will be resilient to risks," said spokesman at Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings.The size of securitised debt market shrank after the crisis. In the United States, it fell from over $1 trillion to around $600 billion in 2013. But since then it has gradually recovered to around $800 billion (£613 billion).Market players say CLOs today are considered less risky than the notorious collateralised debt obligations, or CDOs, which caused a massive market shock in 2007-08 after subprime borrowers' default jumped.Regulations have become tighter since then and borrowers in CLOs are companies, whose financial records are easier to analyse for investors, rather than thousands of subprime mortgage borrowers.Still, analysts say they cannot rule out the possibility that CLO prices would fall if an unexpected economic downturn prompted investor panic."When the economy deteriorates, we could have a vicious cycle of rising funding costs increasing defaults further," said Yukichi Shimosato, market analyst at SMBC Nikko Securities. "And because the CLO market is illiquid, if investors pull out some money, the price of CLOs could fall to extreme levels."Graphic: Japanese banks' holding of CLOs (https://tmsnrt.rs/2X2y2pp) (Additional reporting and writing by Hideyuki Sano; Editing by Sam Holmes)(Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc has decided it will seek to sell around $10 billion worth of stock in its initial public offering, and will make public the registration of the offering on Thursday, people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.An IPO of this size would make Uber one of the biggest technology IPOs of all time, and the largest since that of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd in 2014.Uber is seeking a valuation of between $90 billion and $100 billion, influenced by the poor performance of smaller rival Lyft Inc's shares following its IPO late last month, the sources said. Investment bankers previously told Uber it could be worth as much as $120 billion.Uber most recently was valued at $76 billion in the private fundraising market.Most of the shares sold would be issued by the company, while a smaller portion would be owned by Uber investors cashing out, one of the sources said. Uber plans to make its IPO registration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission publicly available on Thursday, and will kick of its investor roadshow during the week of April 29, putting it on track to price its IPO and begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange in early May, the sources said. The sources cautioned that the plans are still subject to change and market conditions, and asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential.A representative for Uber declined to comment. Lyft's IPO priced at the top end of its upwardly revised range last month, assigning it a valuation of more than $24 billion in an offering that raised $2.34 billion. But the stock has traded poorly since debuting on the Nasdaq on March 29, as concerns about the startup's path to profitability have become more prominent. The shares ended trading on Tuesday at $67.44, well below their $72 IPO price.In moderating its valuation expectations, Uber is showing a realism that is being increasingly adopted by Silicon Valley unicorns, as stock market investors push back against some of the lofty price tags sought.On Monday, Pinterest Inc set a price range for its IPO that values it below the $12 billion at which the online image-search company sourced its last private fundraising in 2017.Uber operates in more than 70 countries. In addition to ride-hailing, its business includes bike and scooter rentals, freight hauling, food delivery, and an expensive self-driving car division. During the IPO roadshow, Uber's chief executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, will be tasked with convincing investors that he has successfully changed the company’s culture and business practices after a series of embarrassing scandals over the last two years.Those have included sexual harassment allegations, a massive data breach that was concealed from regulators, use of illicit software to evade authorities and allegations of bribery overseas.Uber last year had revenue of $11.3 billion, while gross bookings from rides was $50 billion. But the company lost $3.3 billion, excluding gains from the sale of its overseas business units in Russia and Southeast Asia. (Reporting by Joshua Franklin and Carl O'Donnell in New York; Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)ST PETERSBURG, Russia — President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday that Russia and OPEC should discuss the future of their oil output-cutting deal later this year, adding that current oil prices suited Moscow.The Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and other large oil producers led by Russia agreed to reduce their combined output by 1.2 million barrels per day (bpd) from Jan. 1 this year for six months in an attempt to balance the market.Russia undertook to cut its production by 228,000 bpd but has struggled to comply with the pact. On Monday, one of the key Russian officials to foster the pact with OPEC, Kirill Dmitriev, signalled that Russia wanted to raise oil output when it meets with OPEC in June because of improving market conditions and falling stockpiles.But Putin, the ultimate decision-maker in Russia, seemingly softened that stance, saying it was too early to judge whether the deal should be extended."We are ready for cooperation with OPEC in decision-making ... But whether it would be cuts, or just a stoppage at the current level of output, I am not ready to say," Putin told an Arctic conference in St. Petersburg."We are not supporters of uncontrollable price rises," he said. Putin also said current oil prices suited Russia, which is heavily dependent on sales of oil and natural gas.OPEC and allied oil producers are due to meet in late June in Vienna."Of course, we and our partners ... are closely watching the market. We agreed that if there is a need for joint efforts, we will gather in the second half of the year and hold discussions," Putin said.Putin also said Russian companies had their own plans and their intention to develop new fields should be taken into account. Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak said earlier on Tuesday there would be no need to extend the output deal if the oil market was expected to be balanced in the second half of the year, the RIA news agency reported.Novak later said all options were on the table. (Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin and Gleb Stolyarov; Writing by Tom Balmforth and Vladimir Soldatkin; Editing by Dale Hudson and Maria Kiselyova)(Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc has decided it will seek to sell around $10 billion worth of stock in its initial public offering, and will make public the registration of the offering on Thursday, people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday.An IPO of this size would make Uber one of the biggest technology IPOs of all time, and the largest since that of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd in 2014.Uber is seeking a valuation of between $90 billion and $100 billion, influenced by the poor performance of smaller rival Lyft Inc's shares following its IPO late last month, the sources said. Investment bankers previously told Uber it could be worth as much as $120 billion.Uber most recently was valued at $76 billion in the private fundraising market.Most of the shares sold would be issued by the company, while a smaller portion would be owned by Uber investors cashing out, one of the sources said. Uber plans to make its IPO registration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission publicly available on Thursday, and will kick of its investor roadshow during the week of April 29, putting it on track to price its IPO and begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange in early May, the sources said. The sources cautioned that the plans are still subject to change and market conditions, and asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential.A representative for Uber declined to comment. Lyft's IPO priced at the top end of its upwardly revised range last month, assigning it a valuation of more than $24 billion in an offering that raised $2.34 billion. But the stock has traded poorly since debuting on the Nasdaq on March 29, as concerns about the startup's path to profitability have become more prominent. The shares ended trading on Tuesday at $67.44, well below their $72 IPO price.In moderating its valuation expectations, Uber is showing a realism that is being increasingly adopted by Silicon Valley unicorns, as stock market investors push back against some of the lofty price tags sought.On Monday, Pinterest Inc set a price range for its IPO that values it below the $12 billion at which the online image-search company sourced its last private fundraising in 2017.Uber operates in more than 70 countries. In addition to ride-hailing, its business includes bike and scooter rentals, freight hauling, food delivery, and an expensive self-driving car division. During the IPO roadshow, Uber's chief executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, will be tasked with convincing investors that he has successfully changed the company’s culture and business practices after a series of embarrassing scandals over the last two years.Those have included sexual harassment allegations, a massive data breach that was concealed from regulators, use of illicit software to evade authorities and allegations of bribery overseas.Uber last year had revenue of $11.3 billion, while gross bookings from rides was $50 billion. But the company lost $3.3 billion, excluding gains from the sale of its overseas business units in Russia and Southeast Asia. (Reporting by Joshua Franklin and Carl O'Donnell in New York; Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)LONDON — The European Federation of Energy Traders (EFET) has urged power exchanges Nord Pool and EPEX SPOT to keep a single British day-ahead power price if there is a no-deal Brexit.Britain is due to leave the European Union on Friday unless it gets a further extension. Without a deal, it would no longer be coupled to European power markets and the UK market would be split between the EPEX SPOT and Nord Pool hubs.It would mean there were two day-ahead power prices for Britain for the same delivery period."Although there is no legal requirement obliging power exchanges to maintain a single UK price, we call on EPEX SPOT and Nord Pool to find practical arrangements to re-establish a single price for the UK bidding zone," EFET said in a statement."Maintaining a single reference price is crucial for ensuring the efficient functioning of the wholesale market in power inside Britain, in particular with regard to price discovery and efficient hedging," it added.EPEX SPOT said it has been discussing arrangements for maintaining a single UK power price after Brexit with parties in Britain and Europe over the past few weeks."So far, unfortunately, we have not obtained the necessary alignment of all concerned parties on a pragmatic solution, but we will continue to push for it," it added.Nord Pool said it has been in discussions with the British government and energy market regulator for many months about the issue, adding it had yet to be satisfactorily addressed.A spokeswoman for the company said talks with UK stakeholders were continuing and its top priority was to ensure its members could continue to trade with confidence on its platform in the event of a hard Brexit. British Prime Minister Theresa May will meet German leader Angela Merkel and French President Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday to argue for a Brexit delay as her ministers continue to hold crisis talks with the opposition Labour Party to try to break the deadlock in London.As it stands, Britain will leave the EU at 2200 GMT on Friday. (Reporting by Nina Chestney and Lefteris Karagiannopoulos; editing by Mike Harrison and Kirsten Donovan)LONDON — The rising tide of light U.S. shale oil has largely swept away comparable grades of Nigerian oil from American shores and is putting them under pressure in Europe.But steady Indian and Indonesian demand has helped lift price indications for two of Nigeria's top grades to near five-year highs, according to traders and shipping data."It's only because India's economy has been growing, and to a lesser extent Indonesia, that there remains decent demand for Nigerian crude. Without those two countries, the European buyers would have dragged the market much lower," one seller said.A projected rise in buying from European refineries, which supply fuel to the United States, is offering some support for now. Light Nigerian oil is easily processed into higher octane gasoline increasingly used in the United States, where the summer driving season looms.As a result, sellers of Bonny Light and Qua Iboe crude are offering at and above a premium of $2.00 a barrel compared to dated Brent, the benchmark North Sea crude.Graphic: Nigerian crude offered near five-year highs (https://tmsnrt.rs/2I0p4p0)But European refiners are also driving a hard bargain, balking at higher Nigerian prices when one trader said the market was flooded by "a sea of cheap U.S. oil.""We have many options that mean Nigerian won't work for us at these prices," another trader said, adding that in addition to U.S. oil, European refiners could turn to North Sea and Caspian Pipeline Consortium (CPC) crudes.CPC oil "costs us 50 cents less a barrel compared to the prices being asked for Nigerian, given the freight costs and market structure," he said.Sellers of Nigerian crude are still learning to live with the surge in U.S. shale output, which has turned the United States into the world's top crude producer and dampened demand for imports in what had been a reliable market for Nigeria."Nigerian crude has taken a beating for the last 10 years ever since the U.S. scaled back buying," the seller added.Nigerian exports of crude and petroleum products to the United States plunged from 36.4 million barrels in July 2010 to just 5.6 million barrels in January 2019, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.Graphic: U.S. Imports of Nigerian Crude (https://tmsnrt.rs/2Vnk1SA)After Washington lifted a four-decade ban on exports of U.S. oil in 2015, shipments to Europe hit an all-time high of 25 million barrels in March 2019 from just 2 million barrels in February 2016, Refinitiv Eikon data showed.This has put a squeeze on a prime Nigerian market.U.S. oil is also heading to India, where it is increasingly competing with Nigerian crude. Indian Oil Corp, the country's top refiner, signed its first annual deal to buy U.S. oil in February, paying about $1.5 billion for 60,000 barrels a day up to March 2020.Despite the pressure from U.S. barrels, Nigerian exports to Europe, India and Indonesia have held generally steady so far.Consistent tenders from state buyers in India and Indonesia ensure these remain major destinations for Nigerian oil.But one Asian buyer said Indian tenders were largely finished for the month, and that Nigerian cargoes for April and May would soon need to find buyers in Europe instead."Nigerian is facing stiff competition almost everywhere," a trading source said. "Sooner or later Nigerian oil is going to need to expand into new markets."  (Reporting By Noah Browning; Editing by Edmund Blair)HONG KONG — Foreign insurers including Generali and Prudential Plc are in early talks with authorities to enter China's private pensions sector, people with knowledge of the matter said, as Beijing opens up to overseas companies.Hong Kong-based AIA Group and Manulife Financial are also considering similar moves, they said.Beijing gave approval to the first foreign joint-venture firm to establish a pensions insurance business last month and two of the people said China has been running pilot projects in three provinces involving foreign firms. Those projects end later this year.Foreign insurers would compete with eight established Chinese pension insurance firms that dominate the potentially lucrative market, where the fast-greying population is set to produce 250 million people older than 60 by 2020."The average longevity of people in China is increasing but the pension market remains under-penetrated," Prudential Asia Chief Executive Nic Nicandrou told Reuters.Some of the foreign companies are expected to submit applications in the second half of this year to set up pensions businesses, the people said. They declined to be identified as the plans are not firm yet and also are not public."POISED"Last month, Heng An Standard Life, a joint venture between Standard Life Aberdeen and Tianjin TEDA International, became the first foreign joint-venture entity to receive regulatory approval by China to establish a pensions insurance company.China's pensions assets, including those managed by the state, grew by 20 percent in 2017 to 11 trillion yuan (£1.26 trillion) and are expected to more than quadruple by 2025, consultancy KPMG said in a report this year.Underlining the potential, consultant Willis Towers Watson said China has one of the lowest ratios of private-employee annuity pension assets to GDP among major economies at 1.5 percent. That compares with 120.5 percent of GDP in the United States and more than 130 percent in Australia.Prudential has a 50-50 life-insurance venture with China's CITIC Group. Nicandrou said the venture is "well poised" to participate in the pension market but he did not elaborate on any specific plans.Rob Leonardi, Asia regional officer for Italy's top insurer Generali, said the firm was seeing progress in pensions reform in China."If this trend continues, we can expect more foreign funded companies to express further interest in the coming months," he said. The company declined to give details about its plans for the market.AIA, which operates the only wholly owned foreign life insurance business in China, declined to comment."MATTER OF TIME"Global asset managers have been lobbying Beijing to offer tax benefits and other incentives to encourage investment in mutual funds for retirement.Manulife, which signed a pact with Agricultural Bank of China in 2017 to jointly explore opportunities in China's pension and retirement market, is looking to establish a joint-venture pension management company.It plans to draw upon its life insurance and asset management joint ventures in China to launch retirement solutions and products, said Calvin Chiu, head of Asia retirement at Manulife Asset Management."The government has expressed willingness to open up the financial services sectors in the country, it's just a matter of time and priority. They do recognise the value that foreign players can add in the pension space," he said.China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security did not respond to Reuters requests for comment."All countries are trying to shift pensions away from the iron rice bowl concept," Gerry Grimstone, chairman of Heng An Standard Life said."There have been some attempts at this in China, but, the fact is, there is technology in the west, and an approach to this which the Chinese were keen to bring into their market." (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee and Alun John; Editing by Neil Fullick)(Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc's initial public offering (IPO) filing on Thursday will draw inevitable comparisons to its smaller ride-hailing rival Lyft Inc, which completed its initial public listing last month.Following Lyft's poor stock market performance of late, investors will be scrutinizing Uber's financial results and projections closely.Not only is Uber much larger than Lyft, but it is also more complex, with operations that go beyond its core ride-hailing business and extend into areas such as food delivery and freight transit. The following are four key financial metrics which investors will be watching for: REVENUEUber is a much larger company than Lyft, with operations in markets ranging from the United States to Latin America to North Africa. Lyft operates entirely in North America.Uber also has a broader array of business lines, including a food delivery service and a platform for commercial freight. As a result, Uber clocks much higher revenues than Lyft. Uber reported net revenues of $11.4 billion in 2018. That is in comparison to $2.2 billion for Lyft during the same year. If one considers revenue growth, however, Uber may take a back seat to Lyft. Lyft has been rapidly gaining market share relative to its larger rival, meaning that its revenue growth has been outpacing Uber's. Lyft's revenue more than doubled between 2017 and 2018, from just over $1 billion to more than $2.1 billion. Uber's, meanwhile, grew 43 percent, to $11.4 billion. ADJUSTED EBITDAThis common measure of profitability will look similar to Lyft's in one major respect: both Uber and Lyft are loss-making companies. Uber reported an adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) loss of $1.8 billion in 2018, compared to around $950 million for Lyft. But expect Uber to argue to investors that its scale will give it a significant advantage in terms of profitability over the long run, allowing it to more effectively hold down costs. It will also likely point out that its year-over-year losses are down, from $2.2 billion in 2017. Lyft's ticked up over the same timeframe. CONTRIBUTION MARGINThis lesser-known financial metric will likely play a big role in Uber's pitch to investors. It is designed to show whether Uber's operations in individual markets are profitable on a standalone basis by ignoring company-wide costs like marketing or technology investment. Expect Uber to make a case that positive contribution margins in many of its markets mean that, fundamentally, its business model works. Uber has a different method of calculating contribution margin than Lyft, so the two companies' figures cannot be directly compared, a person familiar with the matter said.MONTHLY ACTIVE USERSUber generates more rides than Lyft in large part due to its wider, global presence. Lyft had 18.6 million monthly active riders as of the fourth quarter of 2018.  (Reporting by Carl O'Donnell in New York, editing by G Crosse)WASHINGTON — Risks to the global financial system have grown over the past six months and could increase with a messy British exit from the European Union or an escalation of U.S.-China trade tensions, the International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday.The IMF, whose spring meetings with the World Bank begin in Washington this week, noted that the global economic expansion is slowing, and an abrupt downturn could have a far-reaching impact. "After years of economic expansion, global growth is slowing, sparking concerns about a deeper downturn," Tobias Adrian, head of the IMF's monetary and capital markets department, said at a briefing to discuss the international lender's Global Financial Stability Report. The IMF warned against rolling back prudential regulations that could help to buffer the financial system in the event of a downturn."There is a risk that positive investor sentiment could deteriorate abruptly, leading to a sharp tightening of financial conditions," the IMF said in its report. "This will have a larger effect on economies with weaker fundamentals, greater financial vulnerabilities, and less policy space to respond to shocks."On Tuesday, the IMF cut its expectations for global growth to its lowest level since 2016, its third downgrade since October. In Wednesday's report, it cautioned a sharper-than-expected slowdown could spur tighter financial conditions.In Wednesday's report, the IMF urged policymakers to clearly communicate any changes to their monetary policy stances to minimize market swings. Noting investor sentiment had improved since the U.S. Federal Reserve paused its rate-hiking cycle, it warned that a strong shift in Fed policy could trigger a sell-off in riskier assets.CORPORATE DEBT CONCERNSThe IMF also echoed concerns raised by U.S. officials over rising corporate debt levels, saying that corporate sector risks appear elevated in about 70 percent of systematically important countries.A rapid tightening of financial conditions could drive a steep economic downturn, as creditworthiness in the corporate debt market has deteriorated. The stock of lower-rated investment-grade bonds has quadrupled since the 2008 financial crisis, and the stock of speculative-grade credits has nearly doubled. "The U.S. corporate credit cycle appears to be at its highest point in recent history," the IMF said, adding that global earnings growth has "likely peaked."The IMF noted that trading in British and European markets has remained orderly as authorities struggle to negotiate an orderly British exit deal.However, it warned that a protracted stalemate threatens to "unsettle financial markets, damage investors’ confidence, (and) adversely affect business investment."Globally, trade-dependent sectors have risen on expectations of a positive outcome for U.S.-China trade talks, the IMF said, but if those talks falter the organisation expects a renewed sell-off.To guard against financial vulnerabilities, the IMF said policymakers should proactively deploy prudential tools, such as the countercyclical capital buffer and bank stress testing. In particular, regulators should develop tools to tackle climbing corporate debt from non-bank intermediaries. "A rollback of regulatory reforms should be avoided," it added. (Reporting by Pete Schroeder; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Paul Simao)STOCKHOLM — Fashion retailer H&M has reintroduced delivery fees for its core brand's loyalty club members on small online orders to cut logistics costs and help restore group profitability. The world's second-biggest clothing retailer, whose core H&M chain accounts for the bulk of group sales, is investing heavily in adapting to rapidly changing consumer habits after seeing profits fall and inventories pile up in recent years.A new version of the customer loyalty scheme separates members into a "base" tier or a "plus" tier depending on how many points they earned in the past year, according to Samuel Holst, head of the fast-growing H&M Club. It means base members in Germany, the Swedish group’s biggest market, will need to spend at least 25 euros ($28) to get free delivery. In its home market, the minimum outlay is 200 Swedish crowns ($22). "We have a lot of logistics around the customers that shop online," Holst told Reuters in an interview at H&M's headquarters. "For the plus level, deliveries will remain free for all purchases, but for the base level there will be a cap, " he said. "You will need to shop for a certain amount to get free delivery. Returns remain free for all. "Holst declined to say how much H&M expects to save from the move. The company has an H&M Club in 16 of the H&M brand's 71 markets. It plans to add seven more markets, including the United States, by the end of the year. The number of members doubled in 2018 to 30 million, helped by the introduction of free deliveries and returns for all members. Another 5 million joined in the first quarter of 2019. "We want to keep up the growth pace we've had so far, and increase it this year," Holst said. Members earn points through reviews and rating purchases, and otherwise interacting with H&M in the app, as well as on purchases, he said. H&M's move to rein in free deliveries for scheme members comes after German online clothing marketplace Zalando recently introduced a minimum order threshold in Italy to increase orders.  (Reporting by Anna Ringstrom; Editing by Mark Potter)Uber gave the first sign of how big its highly anticipated initial public offering might be, telling some investors that its stock sale might value it at up to $100 billion, people briefed on the matter said.The number, which is below a $120 billion valuation that had been floated by investment bankers, highlights the size of the ride-hailing colossus as it prepares to embark on its market debut, the biggest in recent years. Its shares are expected to begin trading on the public markets next month.The revelation follows the I.P.O. last month of Uber’s main North American competitor, Lyft, whose shares have since dropped more than 15 percent from their offering price. Another Silicon Valley darling, the digital pin board Pinterest, this week set pricing expectations for its own market debut below its last private fund-raising round.The moves raise questions about investor appetite for prominent but unprofitable technology companies, with a slew of them — including the messaging company Slack and the home fitness company Peloton — also aiming to list their shares this year.“It’s the Lyft effect,” said Kathleen Smith, a principal at Renaissance Capital who manages an I.P.O. fund. “This is what Uber should try very hard to avoid — it should not have a stock that breaks its I.P.O. price.”Uber’s potential $100 billion valuation was earlier reported by Reuters and The Wall Street Journal.Uber is expected to publish its public offering prospectus on Thursday, giving investors a closer look into its businesses. That document will not provide any information on the offering’s potential price, but the company recently disclosed its latest thinking about its own valuation to some investors.In a notice to holders of some of its convertible bonds last week, Uber said that its stock could be valued at $48 to $55 a share, said the people briefed on the situation, who asked not to be identified because the details were confidential. That would translate into a valuation of about $90 billion to $100 billion for the company, factoring in the roughly $10 billion that it expects to raise.The people briefed on the matter cautioned that the I.P.O. process was continuing and that it was too early to determine what Uber’s valuation would ultimately be. The company’s underwriters, led by Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs, could still raise the price of the shares — and therefore its valuation — in the coming weeks if there is enough interest from prospective shareholders.Even at $90 billion to $100 billion, Uber would be valued well above the $76 billion it was appraised at in its most recent fund-raising in August. Investment bankers last year reckoned the company could fetch a valuation of as much as $120 billion in the public markets.At $90 billion to $100 billion, Uber would be one of the largest American tech companies to go public in recent years. Its debut would be rivaled only by Facebook, which went public at $104 billion in 2012. Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce giant, was the largest initial offering, at $168 billion in 2014. Lyft, by contrast, has a market capitalization of about $17 billion.In recent weeks, brokers who sell shares on behalf of employees and early investors have offered Uber stock to buyers at the $80 billion to $100 billion valuation range, according to two people familiar with them. These sales, on what is known as the secondary market, mean sellers can lock in their returns without waiting for the I.P.O. lockup period to end, while avoiding uncertainty about how the stock will trade. In 2017, some of Uber’s early investors and employees sold portions of their stock to SoftBank as part of the Japanese conglomerate’s $7 billion investment in the company.Although Uber’s debut is hotly anticipated, the company remains unprofitable. The ride-hailing service has released some of its quarterly earnings figures publicly, even though it was not obligated to do so as a private company. In February, Uber said it lost $842 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 on revenue of $3 billion.How the company will get to a point where it makes more money than it loses is likely to be a key question when Dara Khosrowshahi, Uber’s chief executive, meets with investors to sell shares in the coming weeks. Mr. Khosrowshahi has pulled back from some markets where Uber was losing money, such as Southeast Asia. But he is also continuing to spend as the company expands into businesses such as food delivery and long-haul trucking.Mr. Khosrowshahi has previously emphasized the importance of Uber’s business being able to generate cash. He has also said that the company does not need to be making money before going public, but that it must be able to show a path to profits.“You need to demonstrate a very clear road to profitability,” Mr. Khosrowshahi said at the Fortune Brainstorm conference in July.LONDON — An estimated $67.4 billion of art was sold worldwide last year, an increase of 6 percent on 2017, according to an influential report released on Friday. Yet growth in the art market remains within a narrow band, the data showed.The total, cited in the annual Art Basel and UBS report, combined auction and dealer sales and was the second-highest in the last 10 years, behind the $68.2 billion of 2014.But the report noted that while the number of wealthy individuals in the world had risen sharply, they were not spending much more on art.The study quoted data from Credit Suisse estimating that the global population of dollar millionaires increased to 42.2 million last year, from 29.7 million in 2011. That does not seem to have translated into art buying, however. In 2011, global art sales were estimated at $64.6 billion, just a small fraction below what Art Basel and UBS calculated they were in 2018.“The art world seems to have a conversion problem,” said Doug Woodham, managing partner at Art Fiduciary Advisors in New York. “For some time now, spending in the global art market has significantly lagged growth.”The United States was the largest market, with 44 percent of the world’s art transactions by value, totaling $29.9 billion, its highest level in a decade, according to the report. Britain climbed to second place, with 21 percent of sales (“despite Brexit worries,” the report notes). China dropped from second to third, at 19 percent.“While we’ve seen another strong year of aggregate sales, the mood of the market in 2018 was generally less optimistic, as many wider economic and political issues continued to weigh heavily on sentiment,” wrote the report’s author, the art economist Clare McAndrew.The report estimated that in 2018, dealer sales increased 7 percent to an estimated $35.9 billion, or 53 percent of the market. Large-scale gallerists reportedly enjoyed the biggest gains, with sales increasing 17 percent.The Art Basel and UBS report is the only comprehensive overview of a market that Ms. McAndrew characterized as “notoriously opaque.” While data from public auction sales are freely available, dealer transactions remain private and difficult to quantify. The report estimated gallery sales based on an online survey sent to 6,500 dealers worldwide, including more than 500 that participate in Art Basel shows. Over all, 17.5 percent responded. The results indicated that 46 percent of sales by dealers were made at art fairs.Because of the relatively small sample size, some experts have expressed skepticism about the methodology and questioned the reliability of the report’s extrapolated figures.“I find that figure very high,” said Alain Servais, a Belgian collector, referring to the reported sales at art fairs. “It must be based on galleries who do six or seven fairs a year and have specialist teams,” added Mr. Servais, who is a frequent visitor to fairs around the world. He pointed out a recent study by the specialist website Artsy estimating that only 10 to 15 percent of gallery sales took place at fairs.Online sales reached an estimated $6 billion in 2018, up 11 percent year-on-year, according to the Art Basel and UBS report. But that is still less than 10 percent of the market as a whole.Ms. McAndrew, in the conclusion of the Art Basel and UBS report, said that in recent years, buoyancy in the art market had been supported by “a very small fragment of ultrawealthy buyers” whose involvement was at risk of being affected by “exogenous events.” A broader base of buyers lower down the wealth scale had so far been slower to engage in the market, she said.Be it Brexit or other geopolitical volatility, “exogenous events” seemed to be weighing on the minds of both sellers and buyers at this past week’s contemporary art auctions in London. In March 2018, Sotheby’s, Christie’s and Phillips’s evening contemporary sales raised an aggregate total of 344.6 million pounds, or about $478 million. This week, the total was down to £209 million, a decline of about 39 percent. Top quality works were in short supply and bidding was measured.The standout lot of the week — David Hockney’s monumental 1969 double portrait, “Henry Geldzahler and Christopher Scott” — sold at Christie’s on Wednesday, much as estimated, for £37.7 million.“That was a good buy,” said the London dealer Offer Waterman. “It was one of the artist’s three or four greatest pictures.”The price was almost half the $90.3 million achieved for the artist’s 1972 “Portrait of an Artist (Pool with Two Figures)” in New York in November.On Thursday, Phillips re-offered the 1963 Gerhard Richter painting, “Jet Fighter,” which it owned after a Chinese guarantor had defaulted on its $24 million sale in 2016. This time round, it raised £15.5 million, or about $20.4 million.“The top end of many markets are probably off about 20 percent,” said Josh Baer, founder of the Baer Faxt, an art trade newsletter.The Art Basel and UBS report showed the overall art market growth has been stagnating. If the results in London this week are anything to go by, it might be even be dipping.LONDON — The use of machine-learning has picked up across the financial services industry, although problems such as data quality continue to dog its progress, a study by Refinitiv has found. In a report, Refinitiv, the financial data provider, said more than 90 percent of the organizations it surveyed had either deployed machine-learning in multiple areas of the organization or have made a start in some pockets.Machine-learning refers to the use of algorithms and statistical models in financial markets without using human directions and instead relies on patterns to make choices.While the initial driver of such technologies was the automation of repetitive tasks, the survey found that the top applications were in the areas of risk avoidance, generating trading and investment ideas and analyzing performance.Conducted via 447 telephone interviews of senior executives and data-science practitioners across various financial services firms, the survey also found the quality of data as the primary barrier to machine-learning adoption.Machine-learning has long been the mainstay of deep-pocketed hedge funds, which have combined complex algorithmic strategies with financial data to make big bets on markets. But with the growing use of cloud computing and the constant pressure on banks to reduce costs, machine-learning techniques have seen a greater acceptance among banks."Thanks to parallel computing and cloud computing, we are seeing the playing field being slowly leveled in terms of machine-learning strategies," said Tim Baker, global head of applied innovation at Refinitiv.The survey also found foreign exchange ranked a distant fourth in terms of structured data by asset class with stocks, fixed income and derivatives the top three. Foreign exchange markets with a myriad trading platforms and opaque over-the-counter trading format was a particular problem area for data scientists when it came to applying machine-learning strategies."Standing in the way of machine-learning adoption in the FX market is a potent combination of data science, engineering and technology management problems," said Matthew Hodgson, CEO and founder of Mosaic Smart Data, a data analytics company.  (Reporting by Saikat Chatterjee; Editing by David Evans)WASHINGTON — U.S. job openings dropped to an 11-month low in February and hiring decreased, which could partially explain a sharp slowdown in job growth during that month.Still, the labor market remains a pillar of support for the economy amid signs that activity was easing because of the fading boost from a $1.5 trillion tax cut package and the effects of interest rate increases over the last few years. The economy is also facing headwinds from slowing global growth and the United States' trade war with China."The February job openings data reinforced that the labor market weakened in February but there isn't any cause for concern," said Ryan Sweet, a senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania. Job openings, a measure of labor demand, tumbled by 538,000 to a seasonally adjusted 7.1 million, the Labor Department said in its monthly Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey, or JOLTS, report on Tuesday. The drop was the biggest since August 2015. The level was the lowest since March 2018.Vacancies in the accommodation and food services industry fell by 103,000 jobs in February. There were 72,000 fewer job openings in the real estate and rental and leasing sector. Job openings in the transportation, warehousing and utilities sector dropped by 66,000.Nonfarm payrolls increased by only 33,000 jobs in February, the fewest since September 2017. The near-stall in job gains was partially blamed on colder weather and also viewed as payback after robust increases in December and January. Job growth picked up in March, with the economy creating 196,000 positions, the government reported last Friday.WORKERS STILL SCARCEThe drop in job openings in February likely does not change the theme of labor shortages in the economy. A survey of small businesses published on Tuesday found that just over a fifth of owners reported difficulties finding qualified workers as their "single most important business problem" in March.According to the survey from the NFIB, 39 percent of small business owners reported job openings they could not fill in March. Thirty-three percent said they had openings for skilled workers and 14 percent have vacancies for unskilled labor.Economists expect monthly job growth to average roughly 150,000 this year, stepping down from 223,000 in 2018. "There are still millions of help wanted signs out there in the country so we hesitate to revise our outlook for the labor market overall," said Chris Rupkey, chief economist at MUFG in New York. The dive in job openings in February pushed down the vacancies rate to 4.5 percent from 4.8 percent in January. Hiring fell to 5.7 million in February from 5.8 million in the prior month. The decrease in hiring was led by the construction sector, where hiring fell by 73,000. Hiring in the nondurable goods manufacturing industry dropped by 33,000 in February. Hiring by state and local government education departments fell 22,000.The number of workers voluntarily quitting their jobs was little changed at 3.5 million in February, keeping the quits rate at 2.3 percent for a ninth straight month. The quits rate is viewed by policymakers and economists as a measure of job market confidence. The worker reluctance to switch jobs is despite the tight labor market conditions that are steadily driving up wages."This is not as many quits as you would expect in such a tight labor market, when workers are in higher demand," said Nick Bunker, an economist at Indeed Hiring Lab. "Though perhaps this isn't surprising in the short term given that the ratio of unemployed workers to job openings has been rising."Layoffs increased in February, lifting the layoffs rate to 1.2 percent from 1.1 percent in January. There were increases in layoffs in the professional and businesses services, and healthcare and social assistance sectors in February.  (Reporting By Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Andrea Ricci)Each week, our survey of recent residential sales in New York City and the surrounding region focuses on homes that sold around a certain price point, allowing you to compare single-family homes, condos and co-ops in different locales.The “list price” is the asking price when the property came on the market with the most recent broker. The time on the market is measured from the most recent listing to the closing date of the sale.Connecticut | 5 bedrooms, 4½ baths$1,400,000212 Whitfield Street, GuilfordThis 13-year-old, 5,031-square-foot, colonial-style house has a kitchen with a gas fireplace, a formal dining room, and a family room that opens to a screened-in porch, on 3.7 acres with a pond.39 weeks on the market$1,750,000 list price20% below list priceCosts $21,531 a year in taxesListing broker William Pitt Sotheby’s International RealtyManhattan | 1 bedroom, 1½ baths$1,440,000160 West 66th Street, No. 28F, Lincoln SquareA 923-square-foot, postwar condo with herringbone-patterned floors, a combined living and dining room, a galley kitchen, and a washer and dryer, in a doorman building with a pool.14 weeks on the market$1,500,000 list price4% below list priceCosts $1,112 a month in common charges; $1,082 a month in taxesListing broker Douglas Elliman Real EstateLong Island | 4 bedrooms; 2 full- and 2 half-baths$1,275,0008 Brookbridge Road, Great NeckThis 82-year-old, 2,003-square-foot house has a living room with a fireplace, a kitchen with granite counters, a finished basement and an attached one-car garage, on 0.17 acres19 weeks on the market$1,386,000 list price8% below list priceCosts $14,397 a year in taxesListing broker Coldwell Banker Residential BrokerageNew Jersey | 6 bedrooms, 5 baths$1,325,000243 Southern Boulevard, ChathamA 13-year-old, 3,611-square-foot house with a living room that has French doors and a fireplace, and a family room and a master suite with fireplaces, on 0.46 acres.17 weeks on the market$1,395,000 list price5% below list priceCosts $24,693 a year in taxesListing broker Weichert, RealtorsWestchester | 4 bedrooms, 4½ baths$1,400,0008 Holly Hill Lane, KatonahA 17-year-old, 4,652-square-foot Arts and Crafts-style house with a kitchen that has a vaulted ceiling, a family room with built-in bookshelves, and a bluestone patio, on 5.2 acres.25 weeks on the market$1,695,000 list price17% below list priceCosts $35,365 a year in taxesListing broker Houlihan LawrenceBrooklyn | 1 bedroom, 2 baths$1,280,00034 North Seventh Street, No. 6I, WilliamsburgThis 917-square-foot, postwar condo that has an open kitchen with a breakfast bar, a home office, two closets and a washer and dryer, in a doorman building with a basketball court.17 weeks on the market$1,299,000 list price2% below list priceCosts $896 a month in common charges; $4 a month in abated taxesListing broker HalsteadFor weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here. Follow us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.HONG KONG — Marriott International Inc, the world's biggest hotel company with luxury brands such as St. Regis and Ritz-Carlton, says it is committed to all of its brands which give it the breadth to take advantage of fast-growing markets like China.The company was criticized recently by activist investor Jonathan Litt who, according to media reports, has urged Marriott to consider culling its 30 brands to better align itself with competitors such as Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc.Marriott's Global Chief Commercial Officer Stephanie Linnartz, however, said the group aimed to keep expanding across all sectors of the market, especially in Asia."We're focused on growing multiple tiers (in Asia Pacific), not just luxury... we're also excited about growing our Courtyard brand in China," Linnartz told Reuters on Thursday. Mid-scale brands like Courtyard are Marriott's fastest-growing segment in Asia Pacific, the company said.Linnartz was speaking to Reuters during a visit to Hong Kong, where the group opened its first St Regis in the city on Wednesday.Last month Marriott announced plans to open more than 1,700 hotels globally as part of its three-year growth strategy. It has more than 300 hotels in China in the pipeline for the next three to five years and plans to have all 30 of its brands operating in the Asia Pacific region eventually, up from 23 at present.The number of brands was one of the group's greatest strengths, Linnartz said."Because you have so much breadth and choice. We see in our data that, last year, half of the people who stayed in W globally, also stayed in Courtyard, why? Because people will stay in one brand for business trip, and they want to go on their romantic vacation with their spouse."The St Regis in Hong Kong is Marriott's 7,000th property globally. The company also plans to bring the JW Marriott Marquis brand to China later this year, and the Tribute Portfolio brand into India. "We need to be careful to bring what brand into what market, not just the country, but the city. You have to really think about the right consumer demand - is that a luxury market or not?" Linnartz said.(This story has been refilled to add dropped name in paragraph 6)  (Reporting by Clare Jim; Editing by Susan Fenton)The latest generation of Silicon Valley start-ups is now sprinting to the public markets, raising hopes among large and small investors eager to invest in these high-profile, fast-growing firms. But the class of 2019 is far different from its predecessors. These companies, including gig economy darlings like Uber and Lyft, are generally older and larger, powered for years by billions of dollars of private money that has reshaped the start-up world.The additional maturity of the companies may curb wild swings — both big gains and big losses — for new investors. But it could also mean that the companies’ fastest phases of growth are behind them. As a result, there is an increased risk that in this wave of tech I.P.O.s, an elite group of investors, like sovereign wealth funds and venture capitalists, will grab a larger share of the winnings compared with new investors.“Individual investors are going to get in too late,” said Jason DeSena Trennert, managing partner at Strategas Research Partners, a markets and economic analysis firm. “They’re going to be the last investors in, and that’s the concern.”[Lyft’s shares soared on Friday when it began trading on public markets.]The change reflects a large-scale shift in the way that American entrepreneurs raise money to build their companies. Instead of quickly turning to the public markets and the scrutiny that comes with that, as Amazon and Google did, they are building huge businesses over the course of many years on the back of private money, and with fewer demands for financial disclosures.Uber, the giant ride-hailing company, has raised more than $20 billion over the last decade. Lyft, its smaller rival, which priced its I.P.O. late Thursday at $72 a share and is expected to start trading on the Nasdaq Friday, raised $4.9 billion over seven years.Many start-ups in earlier waves — back to the dot-com boom of the late 1990s, when Amazon was listed on the Nasdaq — went public just a few years after their founding. Some, like Pets.com, had tiny amounts of revenue, and now exist only in Silicon Valley lore. A combination of policy changes and vast new riches in the tech industry has been changing the equation for start-ups for more than a decade. Mutual funds and hedge funds — the typical investors in a start-up’s I.P.O. — began buying stakes in large private companies as a way to build up larger stakes before the new businesses went public. Other big investors joined in, including large sovereign wealth funds and the outsize SoftBank Vision Fund, creating an even hotter market. Venture capital investments into United States-based companies grew to $99.5 billion in 2018, the highest level since 2000, according to CB Insights, a company that tracks start-ups.Those investments have driven valuations of start-ups to unusual heights. There are now at least 333 so-called unicorns, companies valued at $1 billion or more, according to CB Insights. In 2014 there were around 80.Lyft has a private valuation of more than $11 billion. So does Pinterest, another company in the process of going public. That is roughly the market value that public investors put on the retailer Kohl’s and the online trading firm E-Trade Financial. Uber, the largest of the private companies expected to head for the stock market this year, has a private-market valuation of more than $70 billion. In public markets, that’s roughly the same size as corporate giants such as Goldman Sachs and CVS Health. Matt Murphy, a partner at Menlo Ventures, a leading venture capital firm, said the higher valuations and larger investments correlate with bigger opportunities created by smartphones and cloud computing. “The magnitude of the audiences that can be reached and the monetization per user has grown,” he said. “Their growth potential is much higher than was previously anticipated.”Some industry groups and investors who urge fewer regulations say the emphasis on the private markets is an outgrowth of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the federal law passed in 2002 that tightened accounting rules for public companies after the accounting scandals of the early 2000s. Besides raising disclosure requirements and other changes, the law required top executives to attest to the accuracy of corporate financial statements. Some say those higher costs to guarantee compliance can dissuade smaller companies from going public. Private companies, by comparison, can operate with far less disclosure. They are under no obligation to file quarterly earnings updates or audited annual financial statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Nor are they required to broadly distribute updates on business developments to the public. Others say the decline in public offerings began before Sarbanes-Oxley passed. They attribute the change to a wave of federal deregulation, which made it easier to raise money and sell companies privately. Lighter antitrust enforcement set off a boom in mergers and acquisitions, allowing smaller firms to sell to bigger companies instead of going public. At the same time, new laws made it easier for private companies to sell securities to qualified investors around the country, bolstering funding from private equity and venture capital.Whatever the driver, the net result has been a clear downturn in the number of public companies in the United States. The number of listed companies has declined by 52 percent since 1997, to a bit more than 3,600 in 2016, according to a working paper from the National Bureau of Economic Research published last year. This long-term shrinkage in publicly available shares is a reason that some analysts expect Uber, Lyft and other prominent start-ups to receive a warm response from the institutional investors who typically buy freshly issued shares, even if the potential upside could be smaller. “There’s an element, I think, of pent-up demand here,” said David Ethridge, who advises on public offerings at the consulting firm PwC. “I think people will have a feeling of, I don’t really want to miss out.”Investors have some reason to be skeptical of paying top dollar for newly minted public companies, however. Over the last two years, the value of companies that completed public offerings actually fell by an average of 8 percent, according to a recent research report from Goldman Sachs analysts. Over the same period, the S&P 500 stock index was up about 12 percent. There has been a divergence on Wall Street. As stocks have approached new highs, expectations for company profits have darkened considerably. Now, with corporate America starting to report first-quarter earnings, stock investors will find out if they ought to restrain their enthusiasm. During the first three months of the year, Wall Street analysts slashed their forecasts for S&P 500 companies’ first-quarter earnings by 7.2 percent, according to the data provider FactSet. The forecasts typically fall as the quarter progresses and analysts get a better sense of how the businesses are performing. But the decline during the first quarter was more than double the typical drop, and the largest cut to earnings estimates during a quarter since the start of 2016.The analysts tracked by FactSet now expect companies in the S&P 500 as a whole to report that profits fell 4.2 percent from a year earlier. It’s a reflection of the slowing global economy, rising costs related to tariffs and wages, and the fact that tax cuts last year, which lifted growth substantially, are now baked in.The souring sentiment around corporate profits has been fairly broad. Seven of the S&P 500’s 11 sectors are forecast to report lower earnings.Corporate profits are typically among the most reliable guides to the future direction of the stock market. And yet American stocks are off to their best start in two decades. The S&P 500 is up about 15 percent this year..“The market has perhaps gotten a bit ahead of itself,” said Kurt Spieler, the chief investment officer at First National Bank of Omaha’s wealth management business. “You need earnings growth to resume. If it doesn’t, there’s a risk of a correction.”So why are stocks rallying as earnings expectations tumble? In part, this is simply a reversal of what sent the S&P 500 tumbling about 9 percent in December: hand-wringing about trade, interest rates and slowing global growth.Since then, the Federal Reserve has put further rate increases on hold, and the United States and China have inched closer to a trade deal. It could be that markets will return to the dynamic that drove stocks higher for most of the decade since the financial crisis: lackluster profit growth that is just good enough to keep stocks grinding higher in a low-rate, low-growth environment.But investors are about to hear from executives and take in company forecasts about the future, and those can push stocks higher or lower. “What will matter is what C.E.O.s say on the conference calls,” said J.J. Kinahan, the chief market strategist at TD Ameritrade. “How do they see tariffs affecting their business? And what are the implications if negotiations drag on.”DUBAI/LONDON — Saudi Aramco's debut $12 billion bonds booked at best modest gains on Wednesday, their first trading day after some $100 billion in orders, suggesting part of the record-breaking demand was inflated, three banking and investment sources said.Aramco chose to only issue $12 billion of debt, as its focus was to obtain favorable pricing to set a benchmark for its future financing activities.With almost $90 billion in demand left on the table, traders and fund managers expected the bonds to shoot up in value on Wednesday, but their performance was tepid."The price was a bit inflated as there was a lot of excitement and even hubris around this issue and I would imagine that some of the buyers may have flipped it in the market today," said a London-based fund manager who looked at the deal but decided not to invest in it.One trader and a senior banker said that, after realizing the deal would have been oversubscribed, investors boosted their orders to increase their chances to get a piece of the issuance.Aramco's longest-dated tranche, a $3 billion bond due in 2049, gained value in the secondary market, adding more than one cent on the dollar.But some of the shorter-dated bonds were flat or even lower than where they priced on Tuesday, and lower than in pre-sale grey market trading.The tranche with the shortest duration, a $1 billion bond due in 2022, was trading below the reoffer value at which it was sold on Tuesday, the trader said.Speaking on condition of anonymity, he estimated that demand for Aramco's bonds was inflated by 20-30 percent due to the expected oversubscription."We are seeing the truth of how much (of the demand) was fluff," added a fund manager who participated in the deal.EXPENSIVE BUT FAIR?Still, Aramco's issue was widely regarded as successful."Despite the usual padding, (demand) has definitely outstripped previous highs for emerging market borrowers," said Angad Rajpal, head of fixed income at Emirates NBD Asset Management.The 2046 and 2047 Saudi dollar bonds were down almost one cent - their biggest daily decline since early March, according to Tradeweb - suggesting some players switched their exposure from the sovereign to Aramco. Aramco's staggering finances - with core earnings of $224 billion last year and $86 billion in free cash flow at the end of 2018 - allowed it to target a combination of emerging markets and high-grade investors.It started marketing the notes at levels very close to the yields offered by the Saudi government, which owns the company, but ended up offering around 20 basis points less. Some investors expect yields to gradually widen to match the sovereign rate."Aramco priced (the bonds) relatively expensive versus Saudi but quite attractive versus other major developed-market oil companies, and the potential to see 15-20 basis points spread tightening was too small at these levels," said Sergey Dergachev, functional head of EM corporate debt at Union Investment."The price action has been fair."JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, HSBC, Citi, Goldman Sachs and National Commercial Bank were the bonds' bookrunners.A group of 11 more banks including Bank of China, Deutsche Bank and Gulf International Bank worked on the deal as co-managers, a document issued by one of the banks leading the deal showed.Bank fees for the bonds are unlikely to have topped around 1 basis point per bookrunner, said the sources. That would mean just over $1 million per bank."Fees should be minimal for such a giant bond amount and such a famous issuer," said Lam Nguyen at Freeman Consulting. "I would estimate fees around 0.03 percent - 0.06 percent." The sources said the banks' main interest in getting a role in the deal was to cement their relationship with Aramco ahead of future transactions.Its initial public offering (IPO), due in 2021, is expected to generate $100 billion and to boost the Saudi Public Investment Fund - the main vehicle for Crown Prince Mohammed Bin Salman's plan to diversify the economy away from oil.  (Reporting by Davide Barbuscia, Clara Denina, Tom Arnold, Karin Strohecker; Editing by Sinead Cruise and John Stonestreet)The Trump International Hotel and Tower in Manhattan, near the southwest corner of Central Park, is a 44-story building with a mix of luxury condominiums and hotel suites that go for more than $2,500 a night.Unit 32G, a two-bedroom, 1,767-square-foot apartment with sweeping views of the park, is owned by an entity called Ecree, which bought the condo in 2014 for $7 million in cash.Documents unearthed by the nonprofit group Global Witness show that the purchase was funded by the daughter of the Republic of Congo’s president, a longtime target of anti-corruption investigators. The funds for the all-cash purchase appear to have been siphoned from that country’s government, according to a report by Global Witness.The purchase took place more than two years before Donald J. Trump became president. Owners of units in the building — 1 Central Park West — pay tens of thousands of dollars a year in condo fees to Mr. Trump’s company, the Trump Organization.A spokeswoman for the Trump Organization, Kimberly Benza, said that Unit 32G had not recently been owned by the Trump Organization and that whoever bought it in 2014 purchased it from an unrelated party. She said the condo fees were for building-maintenance purposes “and are not fees paid to Trump for profit.”There is no indication that Mr. Trump or his company broke the law. Less than two years after the condo sale, federal regulators started requiring greater disclosures of purchases of certain high-end New York properties.Mr. Trump’s properties, which he and his family continue to operate, have a long history of serving as home to people with checkered pasts. David Bogatin, a Russian mobster, and Jean-Claude Duvalier, the Haitian dictator known as Baby Doc, both owned units in Trump Tower, the president’s flagship property on Manhattan’s Fifth Avenue. Felix Sater, a felon and former business associate of Mr. Trump’s, formerly had his office in that tower.Denis Sassou-Nguesso, the president of the Republic of Congo, is one of the world’s longest-sitting heads of state, having been in office for the past 22 years. For roughly a decade, he and his family have been the subject of corruption investigations in France. Authorities there have identified more than 60 million euros of luxury goods and real estate that the Sassou-Nguesso family owns in France. The country was a French colony until 1960.The Global Witness report alleges that a Cyprus company belonging to the president’s daughter, Claudia Sassou-Nguesso, bankrolled the purchase of the Trump apartment in July 2014. (The Portuguese newspaper Expresso has previously reported on aspects of the purchase and its connection to the daughter of the president of the Republic of Congo.)A spokesman for President Sassou-Nguesso and a representative at the Republic of Congo’s embassy in Washington did not respond to requests for comment.Global Witness — which is funded in part by the billionaire George Soros’s foundation — followed a money trail that began with a Brazilian company receiving a series of lucrative public contracts from the Republic of Congo’s government. Money from one of those contracts wound up in the bank account of a company in Cyprus, according to the report. Ownership of the company was transferred to Ms. Sassou-Nguesso in July 2013.In January 2014, the Cyprus company received nearly $20 million, apparently in Republic of Congo taxpayer funds, through a contract with the country’s government, according to a Portuguese police report reviewed by Global Witness. Six months later, the Cyprus company paid for Unit 32G in the Trump building on Columbus Circle.A 2006 real estate listing for the corner apartment shows floor-to-ceiling windows with northern and western views, a bathroom with pink marble walls and golden fixtures and “capacious closets.” The building is outfitted with a spa, swimming pool and 24-hour food service.ImageClaudia Sassou-Nguesso, the daughter of the president of the Republic of Congo, in 2012.CreditGuy Gervais Kitina/Agence France-Presse — Getty ImagesLetters cited by Global Witness and reviewed by The New York Times show that a Portuguese businessman, José Veiga, wrote reference letters on behalf of the president’s granddaughter to the condo association ahead of the sale. He called her “one of my best friends” and said she would be a “valued addition” to the Trump property.It is unclear what sort of background check, if any, the Trump Organization did on the purchase financed by Ms. Sassou-Nguesso.A lawyer for Mr. Veiga, who Portuguese authorities have arrested on suspicion of money laundering, declined to comment.According to New York real estate records, the entity used to make the purchase, Ecree, used a Manhattan address at the law firm K&L Gates.Unlike banks and other financial institutions, United States real estate developers have typically not been subject to rules that require they vet the backgrounds or sources of money of prospective buyers, including looking out for potential money laundering.In 2016, in the wake of a series of Times articles on the suspicious funds behind luxury real estate purchases around the country, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, part of the Treasury Department, started requiring title companies to report all-cash purchases of some expensive residential properties in Manhattan and Miami.Global Witness called on the Trump Organization to clarify whether it was continuing to receive maintenance fees on Unit 32G, “as there is a risk that these companies may be currently enabling money laundering of public funds embezzled by the Congolese president’s daughter and benefitting from those illicit funds.”Peter Jones, one of the authors of the report, called on the Justice Department to join French law enforcement and consider seizing the apartment because it appeared to have been purchased with embezzled money.When Adrian Ward and his fiancée, Maren McLaughlin-Klotz, started house-hunting in Austin, Tex., they decided to overhaul how they talked about, and handled, money.They shared their credit histories. They read and discussed the book “1,001 Questions to Ask Before You Get Married.” They began weekly budget chats and established a joint wedding fund. They even started meeting with Dr. Ward’s adviser to review their retirement accounts and made plans to return every year.Dr. Ward, 32 and a marketing professor, had recently collaborated on research that showed what could happen when one partner in a couple is “pegged as the money person,” as he was. He was shocked to realize that his own research showed he and Ms. McLaughlin-Klotz, 31, were going about it all wrong.Ms. McLaughlin-Klotz shared his concerns. “I know a lot of marriages have problems because of finances, and I would not want to set us up for failure,” she said.The findings showed that what can begin as a practical solution — to have one person handle everything — can come at a cost to the uninvolved partner’s skills. The cost is especially steep when couples figure in the need for retirement planning, or even when one partner finds themselves alone, after a death or divorce.The research, by Dr. Ward, of the McCombs School of Business at the University of Texas at Austin, and John G. Lynch, of the Leeds School of Business at the University of Colorado in Boulder, have found that people who took on more of the financial tasks acquired greater knowledge over time than their uninvolved partner, as measured by a 13-question financial literacy quiz.“If you’re paying attention, you get better over time,” Dr. Lynch said.One part of the research included a study of 86 participants, in which the researchers first assessed each person’s individual aptitude for financial and health care topics, then assigned partners and asked participants to read and remember as much information as they could during a five-minute period spent on the topics of finance (stocks, vehicle financing, life insurance and credit cards) and health care (heart health, the endocrine system, cancer and mental illness), according to the study.After giving participants a three-minute break, the researchers measured each partner’s ability to remember details they had learned from their reading by completing as many partial statements as possible in five minutes. The results showed a tendency for partners to divide tasks according to who they believed had greater skills, and even those who started out with less knowledge acquired more when assigned the role of the “money person.”“They’re totally missing that really they started in the same place, but by accepting these roles, you’re determining who has financial literacy,” Dr. Ward said.A study sponsored by Fidelity Investments conducted in April tracked partners’ confidence in handling financial tasks when they were more involved and less involved — finding that couples who worked together had greater confidence about their financial future.The company surveyed 1,662 couples across the country, with an average age of 52, who were either married or in a long-term committed relationship and living together. The respondents had either an annual household income of $75,000 or a minimum of $100,000 in assets to invest. When they were asked about their ability to assume full responsibility for their retirement finances and strategy, almost all — 93 percent of those who said they had primary responsibility and 87 percent with joint responsibility, said they felt confident in doing so.By contrast, only 52 percent of the less involved partners expressed confidence in taking over the financial role. Notably, those who were not participating showed more unease when asked about “not being prepared financially if my significant other passes away first,” with 41 percent of the less involved respondents saying they were concerned, versus only 10 percent of those who said they had primary financial responsibility and 18 percent who said they handled tasks jointly.Even a well-intentioned spouse can leave a partner feeling uncertain about her ability to make good choices alone — but worried and fearful at worst, especially if one is left in potential financial jeopardy.Kathleen M. Rehl is a financial adviser and researcher in St. Petersburg, Fla., and the author of “Moving Forward on Your Own: A Financial Guidebook for Widows.” She recalled a newly widowed client who had gladly ceded the financial decision-making to her husband for years. The client was following a gut instinct in hiring her, Ms. Rehl said, and expressed it this way: “I never really understood that stuff that Jim did, but my tummy tells me it might be wrong.”When Ms. Rehl looked at her client’s portfolio, she found 90 percent of the holdings were in international stocks — an aggressive risk profile for any investor, let alone a retiree in her 70s. Together, they developed a more balanced portfolio, composed of a blend of stock and bond index funds designed to weather market volatility. Even when they agreed to rejigger the investments, it proved hard for Ms. Rehl’s client to make such a big decision alone, even though she eventually followed through. “She said, ‘Stop, I can’t do it,’” Ms. Rehl said. “She said, ‘It’s like I’m slapping Jim in the face.’”Facing major choices alone can be disorienting — even when a couple have prepared for it together.When Liz Hobert, of Mount Dora, Fla., 68, and her husband, Bruce, were in their 50s, they wanted to make sure they both had a clear view of their finances — so they enrolled in a financial course held at a local community college.“We came out not any better than we had been before,” Ms. Hobert said, describing a “mess” of six insurance policies and a collection of pensions and stock and bond accounts handled by different advisers. “We had all these pieces but we really didn’t know what we would have in retirement and wondered, ‘Are we ever going to be able to retire?’”Working with Ms. Rehl, they consolidated accounts, started saving more aggressively, and set a goal of retiring in their 60s. When Mr. Hobert died five years ago, Ms. Hobert said she felt reassured when Ms. Rehl urged her not to worry about money or making any big decisions for six months based on the planning they had completed.Even though Ms. McLaughlin-Klotz and Dr. Ward are years away from retirement, they have already started talking about the long term.Now, he said, “There’s complete transparency” about their finances. “It would be easier for me to do everything, but the easiest thing isn’t necessarily the best thing.”Ms. McLaughlin-Klotz said she was glad they are working on it, though she has also found it challenging. “It’s a really uncomfortable topic, but we talk about it all the time. I want to make sure I’m contributing so it was important for me that we had those conversations so I don’t feel left out.”Sheryl Garrett, a certified financial planner in Eureka Springs, Ark., has tips for couples:How can couples talk about money without fighting about it? To begin, don’t start by talking dollars and cents. Instead, try to create a clear picture of long-term wishes. Each person can start by making a list of 30 goals, dividing them into three categories, called “I would love to,” “like to” and “it’s not that important.” They could range from the practical, such as saving for retirement or starting a family, to desires such as living overseas or studying a new language. (One of Ms. Garrett’s personal goals is to master conversational Mandarin — a skill she is still working on.) Next, swap lists and begin talking about how to create a plan together to make those ideas happen.What concrete steps should we take every year? Take stock of your financial situation annually by looking at each person’s net worth separately and the couple’s net worth together, Ms. Garrett said. Compare where you were a year ago and start thinking about what changes you want to make in the year ahead.What ground rules should couples follow to help stay on track? Set aside time — no more than 30 minutes — to talk about money at least once a month. Try to find a low-stress time, perhaps a weekend night, and involve everyone in the household — including children. Consider modeling how to work through the kinds of financial trade-offs you need to make as a family. For instance, would you rather have a lavish trip or go camping, allowing a lasting purchase like a trampoline, which everyone could enjoy on a regular basis? Commit to talking together with “no blame and no shame,” Ms. Garrett said.COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. — Virgin Galactic's goal to fly tourists into space as early as this summer is about 12 years later than initially promised by its founder, British billionaire Sir Richard Branson.But many of its customers, including Gisli Gislason, aren't sweating it.Right up there with a few minutes in space on Gislason’s bucket list is his time on earth with other space enthusiasts and Branson, a fellow adrenaline junkie known as much for his globe-trotting stunts as for starting his own airline.“It’s more than just a trip to space, it’s a huge, ongoing event,” said Icelandic ticket holder Gislason, who has a Virgin Galactic logo tattooed on his arm and bought his ticket to space in 2010. “I’ve already got what I paid for, so I’m just in for a bonus,” he added.Gislason's experience is no accident.Since its early days, Virgin Galactic specifically set out to win customer loyalty, knowing its attempt to become the world’s first commercial spaceline would likely see its share of setbacks. So featuring its top salesman Branson, the company prioritized exclusive experiences for its “future astronauts,” building a community that has stayed loyal through years of pushed deadlines and a fatal 2014 crash. (For an interactive version of this story, click https://tmsnrt.rs/2Id1QMH)While waiting for their trip, some since 2004, Virgin ticket holders have been busied with treats on earth: from a custom-created solar eclipse festival in Idaho and test-flight viewings in California’s Mojave Desert to spaceship-shaped cufflinks at Christmas and group excursions to Branson's private island in the Caribbean, where they can play tennis with the famous entrepreneur and swap design ideas for the spaceflight around a campfire. “One of our astronauts once said to me, ‘Don’t fly to space, we’re thoroughly enjoying spending all this time going to the game reserve in Africa or Necker Island,’” Branson told Reuters in an exclusive interview.“That long, drawn out foreplay can be pretty good, the orgasm is quite quick,” he said, laughing. Ticket holders pay for some of these particularly high-end events, but just cover the travel for others.“That was a compelling part of the package,” said Mark Rocket, a New Zealander who changed his name nearly 20 years ago and signed up with Virgin Galactic in 2006. “It’s not just about those few minutes in space.”More than 600 people from 58 countries have put down a deposit for a 90-minute flight priced at $250,000, up from $200,000 in 2013. The first 100 “founders” will partake in a lottery to determine who gets to fly sooner rather than later. The company expects to increase the frequency of the flights as they build up their space fleet over time. It has collected about $80 million in ticket holder deposits, money which CEO George Whitesides said the company does not use for spaceship development. That funding instead comes largely from the Virgin Group and Abu Dhabi’s Mubadala Investment Group. Other than stating Branson himself will be on the first scheduled flight, the company has not disclosed which ticketholders will go first – though Branson is considering the possibility of some customers jumping the line for the right price to help pay the bills. “There is a market out there we believe who would be willing to pay a million dollars to go on an earlier flight, and we’ve got a few slots at that sort of price,” Branson told Reuters.Signed-up “future astronauts” vary from billionaires to people who remortgaged their homes to pay for the ride, from pop star Justin Bieber to Mary Wallace “Wally” Funk, 80, one of the so-called ‘Mercury 13’ women who in the 1960s passed the same punishing tests as male astronauts before the program’s funding was pulled. Virgin’s decision to sign up customers long before it developed and tested a commercial spaceship contrasts with Blue Origin, founded by Jeff Bezos, which will only sell tickets for its suborbital flights after it completes its crewed flight tests.“It would not have been a Virgin company had we squirreled away in secret and built a spaceship without any customers and rolled it out once it was all ready and tested,” said Stephen Attenborough, Virgin Galactic’s commercial director and first full-time employee. Now, after a crewed SpaceShipTwo test flight to space in December 2018 and another carrying a test passenger in February, Virgin Galactic is inching closer to commercial flight. Blue Origin's New Shepard rocket has reached space but its first human spaceflight is still targeted for this year, and it has not determined a ticket price or when it will begin taking reservations.Elon Musk’s SpaceX is also in the race: last year it named Japanese fashion magnate Yusaku Maezawa as its first customer on a voyage around the moon, tentatively scheduled for 2023. “FUTURE ASTRONAUT” STRATEGYVirgin Galactic knew that the price tag for its flights, sold in advance to prove that there was a healthy market when there was a product to deliver, would require providing customer service during the wait.“Right from the start it was obvious to me that if we were going to have customers and we were accepting fairly large deposits, we were going to need to communicate regularly with those people,” said Attenborough.It was not clear how long the wait for tourist spaceflights might be, with Branson’s timelines shifting: In 2004, Virgin was saying it would offer commercial spaceflights by 2007. By 2012, the plan was 2013. As deadlines whizzed by, the future astronaut program evolved, organizing group trips from the Farnborough Air Show to the ‘Cradle of Humankind’ fossil site in South Africa.“That is something that they tapped into and wised up to really early,” said Trevor Beattie, a ticketholder and UK advertising executive working on Virgin Galactic’s marketing campaign. “They created, quite deliberately, a sense of community.”For some, access to Branson himself upped the experience.“Isn’t it funny how the wine tastes better when you know the winemaker?” said Matthew Upchurch, a ticket holder and the CEO of Virtuoso, a travel agency network with exclusive rights to sell Virgin Galactic flights in North America.CRASH TESTS LOYALTY       The biggest test of this carefully built customer community came in 2014, when a test flight crash killed the co-pilot and seriously injured the pilot.“I remember very well waking up very early on Saturday morning after the Friday accident and wondering what would happen to this customer base,” Attenborough said.The company reached out to customers by email on the day of the crash, both before and after the co-pilot’s death was known. There was a blog post from Branson on that day, and later, a video message. A subsequent email from the astronaut relations team said that they planned to call every customer individually.“That was obviously a horrendous day for everybody,” said Branson, adding that his experience of a fatal 2007 Virgin Trains crash in which an elderly woman was killed meant he knew it was important to get to the scene of the test flight accident and “take these things head on.”In the end, Attenborough said only a “handful” of customers asked for refunds.An email seen by Reuters from the astronaut relations team three weeks after the crash said it would soon share a program of upcoming activities and trips. It advertised some “gold-dust-like spots” for a “star Galactic team” at the London Marathon – some of the sponsorship money would now go to a memorial fund for the co-pilot who was killed.After consulting with customers, the company went ahead with one of its planned annual Virgin Galactic trips to Necker Island just a few weeks after the crash.Now, after years of huge setbacks and surreal highs, Virgin Galactic’s ticketholders are edging closer to their flights. For some, space is still the final frontier.“I’ve driven a Bugatti at 253 miles an hour, I’ve skied to the South Pole, swam at the North Pole. I’ve done a lot of stuff and the thing I really want to do is fly in space,” said Jim Clash, an adventure journalist and passenger 610. (Editing by Greg Mitchell and Edward Tobin)Cash bribes were called “monopoly money,” and handed out to high-ranking members of South Africa’s governing party on monthly retainers. When that payoff wasn’t enough, $22,000 was stuffed into a Louis Vuitton handbag and delivered to a close ally of the president at the time.That sent the recipient “over the moon,” according to Angelo Agrizzi, a businessman — and now whistle-blower — who detailed, at a continuing government inquiry into public corruption, extravagant bribes doled out to members of the party, the African National Congress, at the highest levels of government.A current government minister, he testified, liked receiving an annual Christmas basket that included “four cases of high-quality whiskey, 40 cases of beer, eight lambs — cut up, obviously.” Her daughter was partial to high-end convertibles, Audi A3 Cabriolets, but kept crashing the cars given to her.“So I actually called her in one day and sat her down and said, ‘Can I arrange for driver training, special driver training for you,’ because it was getting embarrassing,” Mr. Agrizzi said.The granular details about the bribes in South Africa, where widespread corruption has gutted state institutions and public programs, emerged after several days of explosive testimony, broadcast live nationwide, by Mr. Agrizzi at the inquiry. Mr. Agrizzi was the chief operating officer of Bosasa, a South African logistics company that he said handed out between $300,000 to $440,000 a month in cash bribes to senior A.N.C. officials to secure lucrative government contracts.Mr. Agrizzi, who wrapped up his testimony on Tuesday, implicated by name not only powerful politicians, but also senior civil servants who he said had facilitated transactions or were paid to look away. Though Bosasa had long been accused of unethical and illegal conduct, the company continued to win government contracts through its ties with the A.N.C.Even President Cyril Ramaphosa, who has pledged to clean up South Africa, is being investigated for his ties to Bosasa.Last week, the public protector’s office, a government agency responsible for investigating corruption, started an investigation into $37,000 given by Bosasa to Mr. Ramaphosa’s campaign before party elections in December 2017 — and also into whether Mr. Ramaphosa misled Parliament about why that money was given.On Tuesday, Mr. Ramaphosa met with the public protector, Busisiwe Mkhwebane, to discuss the case, said Oupa Segalwe, a spokesman for the office.Initially, Mr. Ramaphosa said in Parliament that the payment had been made to his son, Andile, for doing consulting work for Bosasa. Mr. Ramaphosa later said that the money was donated by the company to his 2017 campaign. He added that he had not been aware of the donation and pledged to return it.“The president performed a spectacular about-turn and was forced to admit to the nation that his campaign received dirty money from Bosasa,” Mmusi Maimane, the leader of the main opposition party, Democratic Alliance, said.The reports come just months before national elections are expected to be held, most likely in May. Allies of Mr. Ramaphosa, who ousted Jacob Zuma from power a year ago, are hoping that he will win a decisive victory and carry out reforms inside a fractured A.N.C.“We’ve gone through a challenging number of years, nine years to be exact, where we seemed to lose our way, where we deviated from the path that you traditionally would have expected us to traverse,” Mr. Ramaphosa said last week at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, referring to Mr. Zuma’s nine-year presidency.But Mr. Agrizzi’s testimony indicated that malfeasance has long been — and still is — an integral part of the A.N.C., which has held power since the end of apartheid in 1994. Corruption, he testified, long predated Mr. Zuma’s presidency and involves officials in Mr. Ramaphosa’s own cabinet and in the party’s top hierarchy.Established by leaders of the A.N.C.’s Women’s League, Bosasa was bought and then built up by a white South African businessman, Gavin Watson, who with his brothers became anti-apartheid heroes for playing rugby with black South Africans in the 1970s. After democracy was introduced in the 1990s, the Watsons used their links to the A.N.C. for business purposes. The company changed its name last year to African Global Operations.Mr. Agrizzi served as Mr. Watson’s right-hand man but said he was coming clean after nearly dying during heart surgery in 2016. He said Bosasa’s business grew thanks to ties to the A.N.C. during the government of Thabo Mbeki.By 2009, the company was under severe scrutiny: The Special Investigating Unit, a government agency, released a report detailing widespread fraud in Bosasa’s relations with officials overseeing the nation’s prisons.But nothing came of the report or further investigations into Bosasa, Mr. Agrizzi said, because the company paid off national prosecutors and A.N.C. lawmakers on a parliamentary committee overseeing prisons.Bosasa also bought protection from prosecutors by cultivating ties with Dudu Myeni, a close ally of Mr. Zuma, Mr. Agrizzi said. Ms. Myeni served for years as the head of South Africa’s now bankrupt national airline despite having no experience in the industry.Bosasa funneled $22,000 a month to Mr. Zuma through her, Mr. Agrizzi said, adding that the money was once stuffed into a Louis Vuitton bag that sent Ms. Myeni “over the moon.” Mr. Zuma has not commented on the testimony.As Bosasa sought further protection, Mr. Agrizzi said a monthly retainer was also paid to another close ally of Mr. Zuma, Nomvula Mokonyane, who was so quick in getting things done for the company that she was nicknamed the “Energizer Bunny.”The company also rewarded Ms. Mokonyane — who is now Mr. Ramaphosa’s minister for environmental affairs — with the annual Christmas basket, and her daughter with cars, Mr. Agrizzi said.Ms. Mokonyane’s lawyers said that her “right to procedural fairness” had been breached by the investigating panel and that she “felt betrayed” that newspapers had obtained Mr. Agrizzi’s prepared testimony.In 2018, there were 585 billionaires in America, with a combined wealth of over $2.8 trillion. The wealthiest, Jeff Bezos, the founder of Amazon, has a net worth of $160 billion.The world’s eight richest individuals have as much wealth as the bottom half in the world, and the three richest Americans hold more wealth than the bottom 50 percent of the United States.Should there be a limit to how much wealth a person has? If so, how much is too much?In “Abolish Billionaires,” Farhad Manjoo writes:Last fall, Tom Scocca, editor of the essential blog Hmm Daily, wrote a tiny, searing post that has been rattling around my head ever since.“Some ideas about how to make the world better require careful, nuanced thinking about how best to balance competing interests,” he began. “Others don’t: Billionaires are bad. We should presumptively get rid of billionaires. All of them.”Mr. Scocca — a longtime writer at Gawker until that site was muffled by a billionaire — offered a straightforward argument for kneecapping the wealthiest among us. A billion dollars is wildly more than anyone needs, even accounting for life’s most excessive lavishes. It’s far more than anyone might reasonably claim to deserve, however much he believes he has contributed to society.At some level of extreme wealth, money inevitably corrupts. On the left and the right, it buys political power, it silences dissent, it serves primarily to perpetuate ever-greater wealth, often unrelated to any reciprocal social good. For Mr. Scocca, that level is self-evidently somewhere around one billion dollars; beyond that, you’re irredeemable.He continues by discussing the idea of abolishing billionaires:But it is an illustration of the political precariousness of billionaires that the idea has since become something like mainline thought on the progressive left. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren are floating new taxes aimed at the superrich, including special rates for billionaires. Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, who also favors higher taxes on the wealthy, has been making a moral case against the existence of billionaires. Dan Riffle, her policy adviser, recently changed his Twitter name to “Every Billionaire Is a Policy Failure.” Last week, HuffPost asked, “Should Billionaires Even Exist?”I suspect the question is getting so much attention because the answer is obvious: Nope. Billionaires should not exist — at least not in their present numbers, with their current globe-swallowing power, garnering this level of adulation, while the rest of the economy scrapes by.Students, read the entire article, then tell us:— Should anyone have a billion dollars? Is there a limit to how much money a person should have? Are billionaires a sign of a country’s health or weakness? Are billionaires helping or hurting society?— How convincing is Mr. Manjoo’s case against billionaires? Where is his argument most effective? Where is he least persuasive?— How concerned are you about income inequality and the concentration of wealth in this country? What do you think should be done to address or remedy these issues?— In Reason Magazine, Nick Gillespie, a libertarian, responds to Mr. Manjoo’s Opinion column. He asks if the world would be better off if former Beatles musican Paul McCartney didn’t have a net worth of $1.2 billion:Would there be less suffering in the world if his money is expropriated and transferred to the wretched of the earth via higher taxes rather than through his own charitable donations and investments? Probably not, especially when you think about how much suffering, especially in the developing world, is the direct result of government action.He continues:“Abolish Billionaires” is a smart slogan, but that’s all it is. Figuratively lopping the heads off of the richest of the rich will not make life easier for the poor and dispossessed, and it won’t increase economic growth and living standards. It might sate the bloodlust of left-wing populists for a while, but certainly that outcome can be purchased for lower cost.Do you agree with Mr. Gillespie’s argument? Should we blame and punish billionaires for their own good fortune, hard work or talent? Will abolishing billionaires hurt economic growth and living standards and end up harming those less fortunate?Students 13 and older are invited to comment. All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public.INDIANAPOLIS — Clayton Morris walked away from his job as a Fox News host in 2017 to devote himself to the next phase of his professional life: helping regular people achieve financial independence.Mr. Morris, a host on “Fox and Friends Weekend,” already had a popular real estate investing podcast when he and his wife, Natali, decided to become full-time real estate advisers. Their plan was to connect mom-and-pop investors with turnkey investment homes in Detroit, Indianapolis, Jacksonville, Fla., and several other cities. Their company, Morris Invest, would handle the details: finding properties, overseeing renovations, hiring property managers to rent out the houses. All clients had to do was put up the cash and wait for the checks to arrive.Morris Invest helped sell at least 1,000 properties over the past two years, reaping more than $5 million in referral fees and profits from the sales, according to resale prices and interviews with investors and a lawyer for a former business partner. But Mr. Morris’s customers said many of the homes in Indianapolis had cost them dearly. Nearly two dozen customers are now suing Mr. Morris and his company. They contend that the properties were in worse shape than advertised, and that rehab work paid for upfront was done poorly or not at all. Vacant lots sold on the expectation of new homes being built are strewn with trash. One house gutted by fire was sold a few days later to an unwitting investor, according to a lawsuit. “He comes across as this nice, likable family guy,” said Brian Freeman, a California lawyer who plunked down about $40,000 for a ramshackle home that was in such bad shape he was issued fines. “He’s famous and I thought, ‘He’s not going to ruin his entire reputation.’ Obviously, in hindsight, I feel like such an idiot.”The Morrises face a half-dozen lawsuits, including one in federal court, and more will probably follow.  Lawyers in Indianapolis are fielding calls from disgruntled customers and angry renters, and Indiana’s attorney general has opened an investigation. In response to a Freedom of Information Act request, the Federal Trade Commission said it had received 21 consumer complaints.The couple insisted they were not to blame for the properties’ problems.“We were a victim, too,” Mr. Morris, 42, said during an interview with his wife at a coffee shop near their  suburban New Jersey home. The couple said they had lost hundreds of thousands of dollars on homes that they and their relatives bought from a property-management company that was one of their business partners in Indianapolis. The company, Oceanpointe Investments, was the seller of the homes the Morrises’ clients bought, and, according to the couple, it was supposed to do the renovations and manage the properties.The Morrises said that Oceanpointe, which many Morris Invest clients said they had never heard of until after buying the homes, is the real villain and liable for any damages. Few, if any, problems have arisen in other cities, they said. Oceanpointe blames the Morrises, saying they are responsible for the promises made to investors.Also caught in the middle are the renters who lived in some of the homes. They say that poor upkeep resulted in collapsing ceilings and frequent plumbing problems. Furnaces often did not work properly, leaving homes freezing cold in winter. One renter in a pending landlord-tenant case blamed poor living conditions for the premature birth of girl who died an hour after delivery. The Morrises said they were not aware of the extent of the problems.“We didn’t know any were living in abject conditions,” Ms. Morris, 40, said.‘Incestuous Networks’The unfolding affair demonstrates the allure that real estate speculation still holds for individual investors roughly a decade after one of the worst housing crises in United States history. It can be problematic when such investors look to charismatic personalities for investing tips. Many of the financial gurus pushing investors into real estate play off fears of economic insecurity, according to Philip Garboden, a professor of affordable housing at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. In a research working paper financed partly by the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development, Mr. Garboden wrote that amateur investors were vulnerable to exploitation by those who “evangelize” the process and tend to play down the risks of investing in “low-end” urban real estate.“These are very incestuous networks,” Mr. Garboden said in an interview. “They know the contractors. The property manager. The whole system thrives on keeping every dollar invested in that network.”Investment gurus, he said, tend to  have a common message: Investing in real estate can help guide the average investor to financial independence.Making the PitchMr. Morris’s sales pitch did not lean heavily on his career in broadcast journalism. But he did not keep it a secret, either. He alluded to his new career in a lighthearted seven-minute video send-off that Fox News put together and that showed Mr. Morris competing in an obstacle course competition and grilling burgers outside the Manhattan studio.Real estate investing, he said in marketing materials, had given him the financial security to quit his 9 to 5 broadcast job. “I’m a big fan of this radical idea that everyone should be able to achieve total financial freedom,” the biography on one of his websites says. With his wife — a former  anchor for CBS Interactive — he wrote a book, “How to Pay Off Your Mortgage in 5 Years.” But the couple’s new venture did more than offer advice: It was a one-stop shopping experience for investors who wanted to buy rental homes — by dipping into their retirement savings, if necessary. An email sent to one client who signed up last year summed up the pitch:Are you working LONG hours but never quite able to get ahead? Are you worried about making COSTLY mistakes with a vacant rental property? Are you intimidated by the thought of DOING IT ALL yourself? Stop worrying, and let us take care it!The Morrises pulled in hundreds of customers from across the United States and as far away as Israel and South Korea.  They helped sell nearly 700 homes in Indianapolis alone.“It was his name and his promise,” said Larry McLeskey, one of nearly two dozen individual investors suing Mr. Morris in the federal lawsuit. Mr. McLeskey, who lives in Michigan, said that he and his wife, Kay, had lost $40,000 after selling a home in Indianapolis. “No one was taking care of the home.”Danny Gomes, a real estate agent from Redding, Calif., sued Morris Invest separately after, he said, he lost $52,000 on an Indianapolis home he bought last year, just days after it was largely destroyed in a fire. The house is now boarded up, its back half all but gone. Mr. Gomes said he had learned about the fire only several months later, when the city sent him a notice warning that the property was unsafe and needed to be boarded up.Until then, he believed the house was being rehabilitated, work he paid for when he bought it. One of Mr. Morris’s employees, who is also Ms. Morris’s sister, told Mr. Gomes that she would be his “point of contact for the rehab process,” according to an email provided to The New York Times. Mr. Gomes said it was only after he learned about the fire that he discovered Morris Invest was simply getting a referral fee for sending customers to Oceanpointe.“When it hit the fan,” Mr. Gomes said, “they said they were just the middleman.” ‘Happy as a Clam’As the Morrises tell it, they were blindsided just like everyone else. The couple, who have three young children, said they were frustrated with all the anger directed at them. They have put their own home up for sale, in part out of concern for their safety. They place the blame squarely on Oceanpointe and its founder, Bert Whalen. The Morrises said they met Mr. Whalen in 2014, when they bought a few homes in Indianapolis and used Oceanpointe to fix up and manage them. By 2016, Mr. Morris was referring one or two investors a week to Mr. Whalen’s firm. The Morrises said they had eventually formalized the relationship, sending buyers to Oceanpointe and earning a fee on each sale.Mr. Morris said it was not until spring 2018 that he became fully aware of the problems his customers were having with Oceanpointe. The relationship formally ended in May.The Morrises said they would not have gotten involved with Mr. Whalen had they known that Indiana regulators moved to deny a renewal of his real estate license in December 2015. A state regulator determined that he had failed to disclose convictions for operating a car and motorboat while intoxicated and, on at least one occasion, had not turned over rent money he had collected for a property owner. His real estate license was permanently revoked in January 2018.Despite the break with Oceanpointe, the Morrises said they had many satisfied customers. Renovation work was done on 60 percent of the 700 homes sold in Indianapolis, Mr. Morris estimated. “There are hundreds of people who are as happy as a clam,” he said.There are many, however, who are not.For clients dissatisfied with the work on their properties, Mr. Morris said Oceanpointe had agreed to indemnify Morris Invest against all lawsuits and investor claims. The Morrises’ lawyer sent a letter to Mr. Whalen in October seeking to enforce the indemnification agreement. The couple declined to provide a copy of the agreement.John Tompkins, a lawyer for Mr. Whalen, blamed Morris Invest, which he said had collected a $6,500 referral fee on every property.Mr. Whalen’s businesses “have done everything required by their investment agreements and contracts,” Mr. Tompkins said.He disputed the suggestion that the indemnification agreement held Oceanpointe solely responsible for problems with the selling of the homes. “The problems that have come up relate to Morris exclusively,” Mr. Tompkins said. “The misunderstandings of those buyers related to misstatements by Morris and his sales personnel.”A New VentureThe Morrises have largely gotten out of the real estate business in Indianapolis. They are focused mainly on Detroit, where they have sold more than 200 homes, largely without the kind of complaints they face in Indianapolis. Morris Invest, though, is no longer their top priority. The Morrises are now selling an online financial advice and planning program: Financial Freedom Academy. The program offers a “proven system for building wealth, guaranteed,” according to its website.The site describes a conversation that Mr. Morris said transformed his life: He was seated next to real estate investor on a trip to New Zealand several years ago, and learned the man and his wife were on a two-month vacation after making money acquiring homes, fixing them up and renting them out.“From that moment on, I made it my mission to follow in his footsteps,” Mr. Morris says on the site. Mr. Morris is inviting investors to follow in his footsteps with a nine-session online program at a special introductory rate of $697.As tattooed rockers, tech bros and Instagram influencers pile into the tweedy world of watch collecting, prices for sought-after classics from brands like Rolex, Omega and Patek Philippe are shooting up. In some cases, they have doubled in just a couple of years.These next-generation collectors see old timepieces not just as a subtly stylish way to dress up a T-shirt and jeans, but also as a hot new asset in their investment portfolios. In a market where stocks, bonds and real estate seem at an unsteady peak, do vintage watches present a Bitcoin-in-2017-like growth opportunity? Or are they in a Bitcoin-in-2017-like bubble? Time — elegantly monitored — will tell. Even though his investment in watches has doubled in value in just 18 months, Peter Goodwin, a private investor in Charlottesville, Va., who also collects watches, said he is concerned about frothiness in the vintage market.“It’s much like momentum investing in stocks,” he said. “People see the rise in Facebook shares, they see Mark Zuckerberg, and they want to ride it up. It is the same with the trendy watches we read about in the auctions — the Paul Newman Rolex, the Omega Speedmasters, some Submariners. You see them rising and you want to jump on.”“The question,” Mr. Goodwin said, “is when does it stop?”That’s a risk that newcomer watch geeks like Shahien Hendizadeh, a recent business school graduate in Los Angeles, are willing to take.“Buying a good vintage Rolex is just like purchasing stock in a company like Nestlé or Google,” Mr. Hendizadeh, 25, said. “It is the quintessential blue chip.”After taking a face-plant on a long-shot $2,000 investment in American Apparel stock, just months before the company declared bankruptcy, he bought a 1982 Rolex Submariner for $13,000. It has appreciated perhaps $10,000 in two years, he said.And in the event of an economic downturn, fine watches may turn out to represent a safe-haven asset, like metals or gems, for investors looking to diversify their portfolios. Or they may just be another of-the-moment asset that 1 percenters, flush with cash, have inflated to unsustainable proportions. ⊕Watch collectors hide in plain sight. John Mayer’s watch collection is nearly as famous as his guitar work. His bank vault contains a vast array of collectibles, including sapphire-encrusted gold Rolexes and Luftwaffe watches from World War II, that he has said is valued in the “tens of millions.”Silicon Valley heavyweights like Kevin Rose, the Digg founder, and Matt Jacobson, Facebook’s employee No. 8, have museum-worthy Rolexes and Patek Philippes, helping to establish a head-turning timepiece as a tech-world style flourish to rival the hoodie.Ellen DeGeneres wore a holy-grail Paul Newman-model Rolex Daytona from the 1960s, now worth perhaps $250,000, while bantering with Jerry Seinfeld in an episode of “Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee” last year. (Adam Levine and Ed Sheeran have been spotted wearing Paul Newmans as well. One also made a cameo on the wrist of Pierre Png’s character in “Crazy Rich Asians.”)In professional sports, high-end timepieces have long seemed as indispensable as a shoe contract for stars with seven- and eight-figure incomes. Top athletes including Rafael Nadal, Dwyane Wade and LeBron James have served as celebrity ambassadors for brands like Richard Mille, Hublot and Audemars Piguet. Star players who have been traded have been known to trade a Rolex to a player on their new team to secure their old jersey number. And in recent years, several have morphed into certifiable watch snobs. Howie Kendrick of the Washington Nationals, for example, counts understated heirlooms, like a 1959 LeCoultre Deep Sea Alarm and a 1960s Breitling Superocean, as key elements of his off-field uniform.If you’re still 1 percent-ish but would prefer to dabble, there’s good news. The Watch Fund, run by Dominic Khoo, a shareholder and watch specialist with the auction company Antiquorum, offers people a chance to invest in rare and limited-edition watches at prices that can be 50 percent or more below retail. Those who have bought in have seen at least double-digit returns since the fund’s inception six years ago, Mr. Khoo said.Star power and funds like Mr. Khoo’s add credence to the idea that fine watches are a soybean or a copper, another investable commodity. But does that make them a good investment?⊛What even makes a watch valuable? Consider the bezel insert from a 1957 Rolex Submariner. A bezel insert is the featherweight aluminum disk with numbers on it that surrounds the dial of a diver’s watch.On Submariners made in the third quarter of 1957, the bezel insert was made with an unusual red triangle at 12 o’clock and slightly different typography on the numerals. Because it is rare, that insert is so sought after by collectors that it can fetch more than $30,000 these days, said Eric Wind, a dealer of fine vintage watches in Florida, up from maybe $10,000 just a few years ago.None of this necessarily makes sense. It’s not like a vintage watch is better than a new one. In fact, it’s worse in almost every way.A new Rolex Submariner, for example, is a modern update of a decades-old classic that seems to be every budding watch geek’s first serious timepiece. The new Sub is a marvel of mechanical engineering, with a high-tech ceramic bezel that is virtually guaranteed not to fade, a solid-steel bracelet as rugged as a tank tread, and a crystal made of sapphire that is all but scratch-proof. It’s a watch that feels indestructible enough for a pleasure dive in the Mariana Trench.No one would ever say that about its predecessor, those midcentury Submariners made famous by Sean Connery’s James Bond, which are shooting up in value despite the fact that they feature an acrylic (that is, plastic) crystal prone to scratches and cracks, a hollow-steel bracelet that eventually might stretch like an accordion, and a painted dial that could fade from the original black to an espresso brown (known to collectors as a “tropical” dial).Which is, naturally, why old watches are considered cool: They have patina, provenance, soul. And for a generation of men (and yes, vintage watches seem to be an obsession largely for men, with apologies to Ellen) who value the analog-chic of antique mechanical watches, just like vinyl records and selvage jeans, that is key.“Vintage watches should show off their age,” said Nelson Murray, a 31-year-old photographer and budding collector in San Francisco. Vintage sport watches, like his Rolex GMT-Master, a classic pilot’s watch from 1980, “evoke a sense of adventure and a kind of dare to add more dings and scratches to them as evidence of a life lived.”⊚Prices for some Rolex GMT-Master models — in the proper condition, with original parts — have spiked to perhaps $16,000, up from $8,000 just two or three years ago, said Paul Altieri of Bob’s Watches, a prominent retailer in Newport Beach, Calif. (It routinely shows off sumptuous wrist shots of old classics for its Instagram followers.)A few years ago, Matt Hranek, a watch-loving photographer who recently founded a men’s style magazine called Wm Brown, flipped a 1960s Omega Speedmaster (the same model worn by the astronaut Ed White on the first American spacewalk) for five times what he paid for it, he said. That score helped him persuade his wife that a portfolio of vintage watches could serve as an alternate 401(k) for the family.“I convinced her — I think — that it was much more practical to invest regularly in watches that I know about rather than the stock market that I know absolutely nothing about,” Mr. Hranek, 51, said.Benjamin Clymer, the founder of the watch site Hodinkee, which has evolved from a one-man watch blog to a market-moving editorial and e-commerce site selling new and vintage watches, has been practicing a form of horological arbitrage with his collection for years.In 2012, for example, he bought a Patek Philippe Nautilus, a triumph of 1970s mod design that conjures images of Concorde flights and fondue parties, for $18,000. That watch is worth at least $75,000 today, Mr. Clymer, 36, said. That’s not his only home run as a watch investor.“I have a distinct memory of a friend who is now one of the great vintage dealers in the world calling me crazy for spending $30,000 for an early 1950s Omega Speedmaster,” he said. “The same watch today would be well north of $100,000.”⊝With wrist shots flourishing on Instagram and watch sites like Hodinkee, Worn & Wound and Monochrome spreading arcane watch knowledge to the masses, collector demand is spreading beyond behemoth brands like Rolex and Omega to lesser-known makers like Universal Genève. One particularly coveted version of that venerable Swiss maker’s Compax chronograph famously graced the wrist of Nina Rindt, the fashionable wife of the 1970s Formula One racer Jochen Rindt. It began trading as high as $45,000 recently, up from maybe $2,800 in 2011, although the market has cooled of late, Mr. Wind said; the same model might trade for $20,000 to $30,000, he added. But no watch has exploded in value like the Paul Newman Daytona. It is an auto racer’s chronograph that once was considered something of an afterthought in the watch world. Joanne Woodward accidentally made it iconic when she bought one for Mr. Newman, her gear-head husband, in the late 1960s for about $250.Whether she noticed it or not, the specific model she selected for Mr. Newman, who could often be found circling the track when he was not making movies, was rare, featuring distinctive Art Deco-inflected numerals on its three sub-dials denoting seconds, minutes and hours. This only appeared on perhaps one in 20 Daytonas from the late 1960s and early 1970s.Over the years, Mr. Newman’s stature as a style icon grew, and so did the mythology — and value — of the Rolex he flashed on magazine covers. In a 2014 post, Hodinkee scoured old auction catalogs featuring Paul Newman sales and found estimates as low as $9,257 in 1992, and as low (yes) as $66,000 in 2008.Those were the days. After Paul Newman’s own Paul Newman attracted worldwide headlines by selling at auction for $17.8 million after a mere 12 minutes of bidding in 2017, every Paul Newman suddenly seems to be trading like a Picasso. A coveted version known as an Oyster Mk 1 “panda” went for more than $750,000 at a Phillips auction in Geneva this past spring, a figure that shocked Mr. Clymer, who once owned that very watch. “The Oysters are something really special, and go well beyond ticking the box for a rich guy to prove he’s cool,” Mr. Clymer said. “I bought this watch in the twos, sold it in the threes, and I thought I was the smartest man in the room. How could a steel Daytona break $400,000?”⊜Not every old watch has value. Anyone who scoops up a cheap boxful of half-working Bulovas from the 1950s at a flea market is likely to end up with a cheap boxful of half-working Bulovas from the 1950s. Vintage watch collecting can prove a minefield for newbie collectors. Even with blue-chip models, seemingly imperceptible differences can add or detract thousands of dollars in value. A Rolex Submariner from the 1960s with an original bezel insert featuring a so-called long 5 is worth thousands more than one with a replacement insert with a shorter, more contemporary 5. Buyers need to figure out if a watch has been polished over the years — actually considered a bad thing, since polishing can wear down the crisp edges of its case, Mr. Wind said. And they need to watch out for unscrupulous dealers peddling so-called Frankenwatches, which contain non-original parts that can torpedo the value. Besides, watch collecting can be similar to art collecting in that dealers tend to reserve the most coveted pieces for insiders and heavyweight collectors, rarely making them available to the general public. And then there are the fickle market tastes that any sort of collector must try to anticipate. Right now, the arrow is pointing up on best-of-breed sport watches with steel bracelets, like the Nautilus, the Submariner and GMT, the early Speedmasters, the Audemars Piguet Royal Oak and certain vintage Tudors and Heuers, Mr. Clymer said. There’s no telling how the demand for five- and six-figure timepieces will hold up should, say, a credit implosion in China, or a splintering of the eurozone, produce a sequel to the 2008 financial crisis, or should Democratic Socialists sweep to power in Washington on promises of a 70 percent tax rate on the target demographic for museum-worthy watches. Already, some sure things, like certain Daytonas, are looking like slightly less than a sure thing. “The market for Daytona just got a little silly for awhile,” Mr. Clymer said. “We saw references worth $20,000, $25,000 in 2011 to 2015 all of a sudden worth $50,000, then all of a sudden worth $80,000. And now those same references are worth $65,000. That’s still significantly higher than they were, but they’ve come down from the stratosphere.”During the bear market of 2008 to 2009, too, prices for some high-flying vintage models, including Paul Newmans, dipped by 30 to 40 percent, said Matthew Bain, a dealer of fine watches in Miami Beach. But, like stocks, they bounced back to new highs. The rebound may seem intoxicating. But people who think of their watch collection as an alternative to an E-Trade account may be in for a rude surprise when they discover that watches often come with sizable dealer fees, not to mention substantial outlays for insurance, secure storage and other hidden costs, Mr. Khoo said. “Investors are not collectors, and collectors are not investors,” Mr. Khoo said. His Watch Fund has a database of “more than 9,000 watch collectors worldwide,” he said, and “I have never met someone who bought hundreds of watches that he liked, and sold 100 percent of them for a net absolute gain.”In other words, newcomers to the watch world may want to heed the warning attached to brokerage advertisements on television: Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Or, they may just want to buy whatever looks cool and leave it at that. When Paine Field, about 25 miles north of Seattle in Everett, Wash., was born in the 1930s as a New Deal project, it was envisioned as a major commercial airport for the region. But that never happened. Instead, it became known as the place where Boeing offers “North America’s only publicly available commercial jet assembly plant tour.”That is about to change. Thanks to private investment, Paine Field is finally set to offer air service to the public. A sleek, new, $40 million  two-gate terminal was built by Propeller Airports, a Seattle company, and commercial flights are set to begin this month.Brett Smith, Propeller’s founder and chief executive, expects that travelers will be attracted by the convenience of avoiding traffic jams near Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. “No reason why tax dollars should be used to build passenger travel while there’s private-sector money ready and willing to do it,” he said.As governments reduce spending on infrastructure, private companies are moving into airports big and small, paying for private terminals with new types of services and teaming up with local agencies to renovate existing terminals. The so-called public-private partnerships, or P3s, have created new possibilities for airports, which have struggled for years to find the money to improve terminals and accommodate an increase in passengers and cargo. An Airport Council International report released in 2017 estimated that airports would need almost $100 billion for capital projects over the next five years, but would only be able to finance about half that amount.The Paine Field Passenger Terminal, which will serve Alaska Airlines starting early this month, and United Airlines later in March, is just one example of how private money is affecting airport offerings.Through a subsidiary, the Schiphol Group of the Netherlands owns Terminal 4 at Kennedy International Airport; American Airlines owns the airport’s Terminal 8. The Private Suite at Los Angeles International Airport opened nearly two years ago, offering those who can afford it a luxurious respite from the crowds at the main terminals. And Denver International Airport is updating the ticket counters, security screening areas, restaurants and shops at Jeppesen Terminal with the help of private money.The flow of private money into airports may mean more dining and shopping options for passengers, but it can have downsides. Since private operators try to maximize non-aeronautical revenue, some creature comforts may be lacking.“We’re not at the level of pay toilets, but operators may make it intentionally difficult to find a water fountain,” said Henry Harteveldt, founder of Atmosphere Research Group, a travel industry analysis firm in San Francisco.The issue of government support for public projects was thrown into sharp relief recently, when Gov. Gavin Newsom of California, a Democrat, announced that he was scaling back a $77 billion project for a high-speed bullet train and the Trump administration said it was considering legal options for recovering $2.5 billion in federal money that has already been spent on the project.Airport financing works somewhat differently than investment in public works projects. A government covers construction and some maintenance costs, but airports are expected to be self-sufficient otherwise and to find other sources of revenue.As many as a third of the airports in the United States were privately owned before the Great Depression and the infusion of New Deal spending, according to Deborah Douglas, the curator of science and technology at the M.I.T. Museum who has studied airports between the world wars.Wartime needs changed the dynamic.“The underlying principle of airport operations, beginning with World War II, was that local governments should own and operate the airports, and the federal government should provide the capital for construction and some maintenance costs,” said Peter Kirsch, a partner at the law firm Kaplan, Kirsch and Rockwell who specializes in transportation.Since then, Mr. Kirsch said, there has been an antipathy toward private ownership of, and investment in, public infrastructure. Local governments or airport authorities borrowed to pay for construction. But changes in the economy and in tax laws, he added, meant that “the advantage of public sector borrowing over private sector borrowing has narrowed.” Because two major government sources of financing for airports — facility fees and Airport Improvement Program grants — have remained at the same levels for years, the money does not go as far as it once did.Short-term appropriations from Congress make it difficult for airport officials to plan long-term projects. Revenue from restaurants, stores, taxis, rental cars and parking is subject to less oversight. And when third parties maintain private terminals, airports and passengers reap benefits without incurring additional expense.Prospective users of Paine Field Passenger Terminal approve of the arrangement. Minda Zetlin, a writer who lives about 15 miles northeast of the airport and nearly 50 miles north of Sea-Tac, said that traveling to the larger airport usually required her to use a car service, at an additional cost of $110 each way.She said some of her neighbors traveled 65 miles to the airport in Bellingham, Wash., 20 miles from the Canadian border, rather than fight traffic into Seattle. “Sure, when there’s commercial service out of Everett we’ll look at that as an attractive alternative,” she wrote in an email.Yves Junqueira, the founder and chief executive of a Seattle start-up, said he traveled at least once a month to San Francisco and San Jose, Calif. He said he alternated between Delta Air Lines and Alaska Airlines. “I have to go to a different terminal, check in on different machines, go to a different gate, go through T.S.A. on a different line,” he wrote in an email, referring to Transportation Security Administration checkpoints. Traveling from Paine Field, he said, might be more efficient.The Private Suite, which opened at Los Angeles International Airport in 2017 and is owned and operated by Gavin de Becker and Associates, a private security company, offers a less-egalitarian, membership-based approach.For an annual  fee of $4,500, with additional charges for each flight, a member and up to three immediate relatives have access to a private lounge, an on-call physician, complimentary manicures and massages, free meals and valet parking and other perks. There is a dedicated T.S.A. security line and a separate area for clearing customs. Passengers are chauffeured directly to their aircraft along the tarmac in a BMW 7 sedan.Since May, United Airlines passengers have also been able to use the service, although the prices are different.“We don’t pay attention to what price ticket you buy,” said Anthony Toth, managing director of digital sales for United Airlines. The service is open to any United Airlines passenger departing from Los Angeles at a cost of $375 for domestic flights and $500 for international flights. Private Suite expedites the checking of bags, accepting them up to 45 minutes before domestic flights and an hour before international flights.Private Suite expects to generate more than $35 million dollars for Los Angeles World Airports, which operates Los Angeles International, during its 10-year lease. “Our service improves security and congestion for all of LAX’s passengers, and it’s fully funded by those who create the most congestion issues, high-risk travelers,” said Amina Belouizdad, Private Suite’s chief commercial officer.At Denver International Airport, construction began in July at Jeppesen Terminal, where the Spanish company Ferrovial is working with JLC Infrastructure and Saunders Concessions on various upgrades, including improved security and new shopping and dining options. The consortium expects to choose, oversee and maintain the terminal’s roughly 50 stores and restaurants, for three decades.The arrangement allows the airport “to shift the risk for cost and schedule for the very complicated construction” to the public-private partnership, Alex Renteria, an airport spokeswoman, said in an email.Eliot Lees, vice president and managing director of aviation for ICF, a professional consulting, technology and marketing firm, said that attracting new air service was a major priority for airports. That might mean extra revenue for airports from additional flights and an increase in spending by passengers.Still, private terminals require the same level of maintenance as their publicly owned counterparts. Passengers at Terminal 4 at Kennedy Airport discovered that in January 2018 after a snowstorm caused bottlenecks and delayed flights. A water main break at the terminal prolonged the recovery.Roel Huinink, the president and chief executive of the Schiphol Group subsidiary that owns the terminal, said the water main had been repaired. The terminal also did a full risk analysis to make sure the problem did not reoccur, Mr. Huinink said.Still, a private terminal cannot expect a public bailout if things do not work out financially. And because it is so difficult to leave and re-enter the concourse, a passenger is hostage to the airport and whoever is running it, said Mr. Harteveldt, the industry analyst.ISLAMABAD, Pakistan — Prime Minister Imran Khan of Pakistan has introduced an ambitious poverty alleviation plan that he says would help the country’s poorest gain better access to health care, education, and employment.Mr. Khan said his government would allocate 80 billion rupees — more than half a billion dollars — for an anti-poverty plan known as “Ehsas,” or Empathy, and raise it to 120 billion rupees by 2021.“No Pakistani government has spent so much money on alleviating poverty in the past,” Mr. Khan said Wednesday during a ceremony in Islamabad, the capital. “The government has launched a war against poverty.”Pakistan has an estimated population of 207.2 million people, almost a quarter of whom live below the poverty line, according to the World Bank.Fighting poverty was a central issue of his campaign when he won the general elections in July. But implementing that promise — and particularly the Ehsas plan, which is at its heart the establishment of a welfare state — will be exceptionally difficult, given the country’s economic crisis.Pakistan is facing a worsening balance-of-payments crisis and is in talks with the International Monetary Fund for a bailout package. Pakistan has also looked for financial support from China, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates.The I.M.F. has said that Pakistan has low international reserves and a high fiscal and current account deficit. Talks between Pakistan and the I.M.F. have continued for months and are now at the final stages, officials said.Despite the challenges, Mr. Khan insisted that the welfare program should proceed. “I know the economic conditions are difficult,” Mr. Khan said.The program would include extensive aid so that the poor could afford health care, and would include easier loan terms for families seeking to build or buy homes. The plan also includes several economic empowerment measures for women, including savings accounts and mobile phones for an estimated 5.7 million poor women.Mr. Khan has proposed a constitutional amendment that would make basic necessities such as food, housing, education and health care a fundamental right. The amendment would require the approval of Parliament.Analysts were skeptical that much of the program could be enacted. But many praised Mr. Khan for at least focusing national attention on the country’s poverty.“In his first address to the nation, Mr. Khan surprised many critics when he spoke at length about nutrition, child protection, education and maternal and neonatal health,” said Mosharraf Zaidi, a public policy analyst. “In launching the Ehsas anti-poverty plan, he has given concrete shape to his longstanding human development ambitions.”“With an unprecedented shortfall in tax collection and a major new incoming I.M.F. program, the freedom to spend public funds on the poor will likely be even more curtailed,” Mr. Zaidi added. “How P.M. Khan manages to balance between his pro-poor instincts and the shrinking wallet available to him will be crucial to the initial success of Ehsas.”Decades before entering to office, Mr. Khan, a former cricket star who made philanthropy a central part of his public appeal, led an effort to finance and build the country’s first dedicated cancer hospital, which treats poor patients for free. In his speech on Wednesday, he pointed out that at the time of its inception, no one thought the hospital campaign could work.“If I had gone by logic, I would never have been able to complete this project,” he said, referring to the cancer hospital.“When a nation decides to help its poor, God finds ways for it to succeed. The real thing is to have honest intentions,” Mr. Khan said. “It is my belief that, God willing, one day you will see that we would be successful in eradicating poverty.”“I also want to give a modern day example of China,” Mr. Khan added. “Who would have thought 30 years ago that a country could pull 700 million people out of poverty? It has never happened in the world’s history.”During a visit to China last year, Mr. Khan had said that he was keen to emulate the Chinese example of development and was learning from its experiences.In announcing his anti-poverty plan, Mr. Khan said that by December the government would complete a new nationwide poverty survey that would help identify the most vulnerable and disadvantaged. He has announced the formation of a new ministry that would bring different social welfare programs under one umbrella.For women, who face extensive religious, social and economic barriers to advancement in Pakistan, Mr. Khan also envisioned a campaign to provide goats and hens to rural women to help with both food security and personal income sources. The plan also provides financial support to those widows who have no sources of income.Mr. Khan also said 50 percent of women would receive scholarships and education vouchers.The government, he said, “will ensure that the invisible but hard work of rural women is recognized, that they have equal wages, and that domestic work is covered under legislation.”The plan also includes a partnership with aid groups to support street children, transgender people and daily-wage workers. And it would feature new availability for cash grants and pensions, and higher government spending on education and health care.“There isn’t a single formula to eradicate poverty,” Mr. Khan said. “Many steps have to be taken.”For quite a few years I have argued that the greatest values in wine are found around $15 to $20 a bottle. For just as long, I have heard the persistent objection that $15 to $20 is too much to spend for a bottle of wine, and the suggestion that I instead focus on wines that are $8 to $10.Inevitably, somebody always chimes in that the canny French, who are born knowing about wine, never spend more than 5 euros a bottle.I’m not one to advise anybody on how they should construct a budget. It’s not hard to find bottles in the $8-to-$10 range. These wines will be sound. They will be solid. But for the most part they will not be particularly interesting or distinctive.Finding those extra dimensions, in my experience, requires spending a little extra. I wish that were not so, but it is the truth.What do you get? In this latest round of 20 Under $20, I picked up a beautiful sparkling wine from the Savoie region of France, a gorgeous Barbera d’Alba, an exceptional sémillon from the Margaret River in Western Australia, five excellent American bottles, a lovely fino sherry and three very different rieslings, each superb.Many of the people who object to my suggested price range have found cheaper wines that they like. These are generally bottles produced in the millions, like La Vieille Ferme, a straightforward, unpretentious blend available in red, white or rosé from the southern Rhône Valley that costs less than $8 a bottle and can be found just about anywhere.Don’t get me wrong, La Vieille Ferme and wines like it are fine. You cannot do much better for the price, and you can do a lot worse. But these are not transporting wines. You are not likely to wonder where they come from, where those flavors have been all your life or what sort of people made that wine.As for those French people, forgive me for dispelling the myth that the French are all in on some colossal joke about the money other people spend on wine. Visit any French supermarket and you will find a universe of wretched bottles for around 5 euros each, and plenty of French consumers who are happy to buy them.The fact is that most French people, like most Americans, do not want to spend much on wine and are happy with what they drink, even if critics do not think much of these bottles. But a smaller group of consumers wants something more, and these avid wine lovers are willing to spend a little extra.These 20 bottles, from eight countries on four continents, are for them. And they are for everybody else, too. If $20 seems too much, consider it an occasional splurge. You may conclude that these wines still are not worth the money, or you may find them exciting enough to begin restructuring the budget.Nothing in principle is wrong with large-scale wine production. Some of the greatest wines of all are made in quantity. Château Lafite-Rothschild, the legendary Pauillac, produces about a half-million bottles a year, while Dom Pérignon, the great Champagne, is said to make a couple of million bottles a year. Even at that scale, they are works of great craftsmanship. Inexpensive wines are generally able to be so cheap because of technological manipulations, automation and economies of scale, which in most cases cannot help but compromise quality.Most of the wines on the list that follows are small-production, made by dedicated producers using traditional practices, without compromise or labor-saving automation. The question is not “Why are they so expensive?” It is “Why don’t they cost more?” That’s a pretty good definition of value.For those who are frustrated that they cannot find all these wines, there are good reasons that may be true. I can’t change that. But I can make the following suggestions (which I hope will be helpful) for finding a wine of value:Find the best wine shop near you, even if it is not the most convenient.View these 20 bottles not as a hard-and-fast list but as an outline of types to seek out. If your merchant does not have one, maybe she can suggest an analogous bottle. Dozens of them are out there.Use internet tools like wine-searcher.com to help you find bottles.Don’t be bound by vintages.Do not underestimate vicarious pleasure. There is great value to knowing these bottles are out there, even if not immediately available. Think of it as if you are bookmarking a particularly intriguing recipe or a review of a restaurant in another city. You may not be able to cook the dish right away, or get to that restaurant this week. But you may find an opportunity in a few months or next year, and if you see that bottle on the list, you have most likely found yourself a deal.The Winter 20 Under $20ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesOddero Barbera d’Alba 2014 $16.96This is a beautiful Barbera d’Alba from an excellent Barolo producer, full of the grape’s typical bright fruit flavors and lively acidity. It is bracing, delicious and unblemished by oak flavors. Though it’s verging on five years old, it’s absolutely fresh. The 2015s are also on the shelves, and I’ll warrant they are just as good. (Polaner Selections, Mount Kisco, N.Y.)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesHapps Margaret River Sémillon 2014 $16.96Sémillon is one of Australia’s unsung heroes. Those already in on its distinctiveness prize the long-aging expression from the Hunter Valley, but this one comes from Margaret River, all the way on Australia’s West Coast. Sémillon is what often gives texture and body to white Bordeaux. This one from Happs, already more than four years old, is not an extravagantly scented wine, but subtle, nutlike, silky, herbal and richly mineral, and a pleasure to roll around in the mouth. (Little Peacock, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesLambert de Seyssel Petit Royal Seyssel Methode Traditionelle NV $19.99Seyssel, deep in the Savoie region in eastern France, is barely known beyond its borders. That’s also true of the grapes, molette and altesse, that go into this lightly floral sparkling wine. It is made much as Champagne is, undergoing a second fermentation in the bottle, and is aged for two years before release. The result is delightful and refreshing. (Kermit Lynch Wine Merchant, Berkeley, Calif.)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesRaúl Pérez Bierzo Ultreia Saint Jacques Mencía 2016 $19.99The mencías from Bierzo tend to be richer than those of Ribeira Sacra, and this, from one of Spain’s finest winemakers, is no exception. It’s complex and energetic, with intense, lingering flavors of spicy fruit. Serve with lamb chops or beef. (Skurnik Wines, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesFernando de Castilla Fino Classic Dry $19.99Good fino sherry is a wine for all seasons. It’s always refreshing, yet its penetrating flavors sometimes have a density that can warm the soul on a cold night. This is one of those, from a great small producer. Its unvarnished almond flavors seem to go on and on. A remarkable value. (David Bowler Wine, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesKeller Rheinhessen Riesling Trocken 2017 $19.99German riesling is among the world’s most thrilling wines, and because only a small but steady fraction of the wine-buying public realizes this, great values abound, particularly among dry cuvées. Klaus-Peter Keller is one of the leading producers who have helped to revive the Rheinhessen region. This entry-level wine offers gentle fruit and floral flavors galvanized by rippling acidity. Delicious. (Petit Pois/Sussex Wines, Moorestown, N.J.)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesDr. Bürklin-Wolf Pfalz Wachenheimer Dry Riesling 2016 $19.99By contrast to the Keller, the Bürklin-Wolf, from a long-established producer in the Pfalz, is leaner and more linear, with a savory, salty edge and pulsing with almost electric minerality. Old, single-vineyard Bürklin-Wolfs are among the best dry German rieslings I’ve ever had. This is a good introduction to the style. (Verity Wine Partners, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesEmpire Estate Finger Lakes Dry Riesling 2017 $17.99You can never have enough riesling. At least, that’s what I believe. It’s especially interesting to compare the German rieslings with this one, from the Finger Lakes of New York. It’s a little softer, less mineral and more floral, with citrus and peach flavors, but still with a spine of the acidity for which riesling is famous. The Finger Lakes is now arguably the best American region for riesling, and this is a delicious example.ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesLa Palazzetta di Flavio Fanti Rosso di Montalcino 2016 $19.96This is a big, powerful, generous wine with flavors of bright cherry that seem to overflow the glass. The fruit is tempered by plenty of the sangiovese grape’s characteristic acidity, a slight but welcome bitterness and dusty, focusing tannins. A fine winter red for cold nights and warm stews. (T. Edward Wines, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesSidónio de Sousa Bairrada Reserva Tinto 2015 $18.99Wines from the Bairrada region, particularly the reds made with the baga grape, are among Portugal’s most exciting bottles and best values. While baga can be made in a light and fruity style that I would gladly guzzle in the summer, this bottle from Sidónio de Sousa, an excellent family producer who ages the wine for about 18 months in 100-year-old oak barrels, is sturdier and more tannic. Open this with a juicy roast or a plate of sausages. (NLC Wines, Brooklyn, N.Y.)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesDomaine Bru-Baché Jurançon Sec 2015 $19.99I love the white wines of the far southwest of France regions like Irouléguy and Jurançon, the source of this wine. It’s made purely of biodynamically farmed gros manseng, which, with its sibling petit manseng, is vastly underappreciated. This wine is bone dry, with flavors that remind me of spiced apricots, if you can imagine such a thing. (Kermit Lynch Wine Merchant)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesBonny Doon Vineyard Clos de Gilroy Monterey County Grenache 2017 $16.96The focus of Bonny Doon is increasingly on the wines from its Popelouchum Vineyard, which have been fascinating. But it continues to offer greatest hits, made from purchased grapes, like the perennially winning Clos de Gilroy, a Monterey grenache made with a blessedly light hand. With its flavors of red fruit and earth, this wine is thirst-quenching and goes down easy.ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesRogue Vine Itata Valley Grand Itata Blanco 2016 $19.96Southern Chile gets far less attention than the famous regions of the center and north, but with stands of old vines and interesting terroirs, southern regions like the Itata Valley have great potential. This wine is 55 percent of moscatel, most likely a synonym for muscat of Alexandria, and 45 percent riesling. It’s exuberantly floral and exotically fruity, and bone-dry and earthy on the palate. Rogue is a partnership between Leonardo Erazo, the winemaker at the excellent Altos Las Hormigas in Mendoza, Argentina, and Justin Decker, a wine enthusiast from Indiana who moved to Chile. (Brazos Wine Imports, Brooklyn, N.Y.)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesBroadside Paso Robles Margarita Vineyard Cabernet Sauvignon 2016 $19.96The Broadside Margarita is an old favorite, a great value year in and year out. This is cabernet sauvignon that tastes like cabernet used to taste, darkly fruity but with discernible herbal aromas and flavors that are essential to the complete cabernet experience. The 2016 is perhaps a bit riper than other vintages, with maybe a touch of oak, but it’s balanced and lovely.ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesGuillaume Clusel Coteaux du Lyonnais Traboules 2017 $18.99The hills outside Lyon, just north of the Rhône Valley, are home to a light, juicy red made from the gamay grape. This excellent example from Guillaume Clusel of the fine Côte-Rôtie producer Clusel-Roch, is aromatic and pure, simple, direct and just plain delicious. (A Daniel Johnnes Wine/Grand Cru Selections, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesDomaine Filliatreau Saumur Champigny 2016 $19.96The reds of the Loire Valley are almost always great values, particularly those from Saumur Champigny, a region that was once taken lightly but has shown great improvement in the last few decades. This is 100 percent cabernet franc, grown on limestone and clay. It’s on the easy end of the scale, with just a touch of a tannic spine, dry on the palate with flavors of earthy red fruits and flowers. (Louis/Dressner Selections, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesGrifalco Aglianico del Vulture Gricos 2016 $19.96Aglianico, the great red grape of southern Italy, thrives most famously in the volcanic soils of Campania, but it’s just as good and sometimes even better when grown in the soils of the extinct Vulture volcano in Basilicata. This bottle from Grifalco, made with organic grapes, is rich, floral and deeply mineral. (SoilAir Selection, New York)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesChâteau Massereau Bordeaux Supérieur 2016 $19.99The Bordeaux Supérieur appellation, counterintuitively, is not always superior, but this one is superb. It’s naturally made, old-school Bordeaux, 60 percent merlot and 30 percent cabernet sauvignon, with the rest split between cabernet franc and petit verdot. It’s sturdy rather than soft, with pronounced leafy, herbal flavors that give it a pure, savory, lip-smacking character. (Camille Rivière Selection/Fruit of the Vines, Long Island City, N.Y.)ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesL’Umami Willamette Valley Pinot Noir 2017 $19.99I’m always a little suspicious when companies try to capitalize on voguish terms like “Hang Time” or “L’Umami” by transforming them into brand names, but this is straight-ahead good Willamette Valley pinot noir: dry, earthy, floral and berry-scented. So forgive the marketing transgressions and just enjoy the wine.ImageCreditTony Cenicola/The New York TimesFoxglove Paso Robles Zinfandel 2015 $16.99For a world that’s gotten used to jammy, ultraripe zinfandel, this is a refresher course reminding us that zinfandel made in a more restrained fashion can be fresh, exuberant and spicy. Foxglove is perennially a source of good values from the Central Coast of California. It’s the second label of Bob and Jim Varner, who make fine chardonnays and pinot noirs from the Santa Cruz Mountains.Follow NYT Food on Twitter and NYT Cooking on Instagram, Facebook and Pinterest. Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice.Did you apply for undergraduate admission this year and write an application essay about money, work, social class or other related topics? If so, we’d like to see it.Since 2013, we have collected hundreds of essays like this each year and published some of ones we love each May. You can read the five we selected last year here.Nearly anything goes: Tales of family fortunes gained or squandered, musings on the state of socioeconomic diversity in your community, summer jobs, start-ups, struggle and triumph. Last year, one high school senior wrote about her experiences preparing other people’s tax returns. In 2014, a teenage McDonald’s employee wrote about his work. Please submit your essays to us by Friday, April 5, using the form on this page. Instagram and Snapchat supplements are welcome, though they are not at all required. We’ll publish essays in May and pay the writers our normal freelance rate.SÃO PAULO, Brazil — Cleuzenir Barbosa, a retired teacher, was fed up with Brazil’s corrupt politics. She was also an avid supporter of Jair Bolsonaro, the far-right politician who won the presidency last year on the promise to clean up the capital.So when a member of Mr. Bolsonaro’s party asked her to run for a state legislature seat, she was ecstatic — so ecstatic, Ms. Barbosa said, that she did not stop to consider why the party would be interested in a candidate like her, a community organizer with no political experience.“It was all perfect, I couldn’t believe it,” Ms. Barbosa said in a telephone interview. “I was full of expectations of a new way of doing things, full of plans.”Now, prosecutors are investigating whether the candidacy of Ms. Barbosa and at least four other women who ran as part of Mr. Bolsonaro’s party represented a new take on illegal campaign financing, a form of corruption with deep roots in Brazilian politics.Mr. Bolsonaro’s conservative Social Liberal Party, or P.S.L., is one of at least five parties being investigated by prosecutors for enlisting obscure female candidates in order to tap money from a taxpayer-financed electoral fund meant to increase the number of women in politics.The party leaders are suspected of then asking the women to kick back the money, which would be used to promote men. No charges have been filed.The scandal has led to the ouster of one of Mr. Bolsonaro’s cabinet members and has left a second one teetering, calling into question the president’s commitment to cleaning up Brazilian politics.It comes at a vulnerable moment in his presidency, when his popularity ratings are plummeting and his government is struggling to get signature proposals — overhauls of the penal code and the social security system — through Congress.It has also drawn attention to how unequal men’s and women’s participation in politics remains in Brazil, which lags behind nearly all of its Latin American neighbors in the number of women in office.Worldwide, Brazil ranks 133 out of 193 countries in terms of female representation in legislative bodies, below Jordan and just above Bhutan, Chad and Egypt.Taking advantage of resources aimed at promoting greater female representation has fueled anger even among the P.S.L. party faithful.“All of the embezzlement needs to be investigated, but I am particularly indignant about information that women were used,” said Janaína Paschoal, an outspoken conservative who ran on the P.S.L. ticket in São Paulo and was elected a state legislator. “Those possibly involved need to be removed from office.”Although several parties are under investigation by prosecutors, the P.S.L. has come under particular scrutiny because Mr. Bolsonaro is the president and ran as an alternative to the corrupt parties that had been in power.“The fact that the P.S.L. is falling back on old political tricks is not that surprising,” said Monica de Bolle, a Brazilian economist who heads the Latin American studies program at Johns Hopkins University. “But the female aspect is really important.”For Ms. Barbosa, it all started with an unexpected call from a politician from the president’s party, who asked if she wanted to run for office.She drove 14 hours from her home in Governador Valadares to the capital, Brasília. There she was greeted by the crème da la crème of the P.S.L., and formally invited to be a candidate by Marcelo Henrique Teixeira Dias, then the regional president of the party.Mr. Bolsonaro himself recorded a short video for her campaign.“This year, without a doubt, is her year!” Mr. Bolsonaro said in the message, flashing a thumbs-up as a slightly bewildered-looking Ms. Barbosa stood next to him.She was enthusiastic, she said: “At first, it all went according to script.”But as the October election approached, she began to realize local party leaders were showing more interest in the campaign funds allocated to her as a female candidate than to her proposals.Come October, Mr. Bolsonaro won the presidency. But Ms. Barbosa, disillusioned, filed a formal complaint with public prosecutors in December, accusing party leaders of trying to use her candidacy to siphon money to male candidates.That helped instigate a broader investigation into the matter and presented a significant challenge to Mr. Bolsonaro’s recently formed administration.Deeply entrenched attitudes help keep women out of politics in Brazil, despite progressive laws intended to change that.For the last decade, the country has required that 30 percent of each party’s candidates be women, but that has done little to boost the participation of women in state and national legislatures.Parties often ran female candidates — as required — but gave them little or no resources. In some cases, the women were surprised to learn they were on the ballot.In local elections in 2016, more than 18,000 names on ballots did not receive any votes — suggesting they were likely “ghost” candidates. Of those, 86 percent were women.A law passed before the most recent elections demanded that parties allocate at least 30 percent of taxpayer-financed electoral funds to women. Yet many female candidates still performed poorly, with the proportion of women lawmakers inching up to 15 percent from 11 percent.Mr. Bolsonaro, who is notorious for misogynist comments he made as a congressman, has shrugged off the imbalance.On International Women’s Day, he joked that his government had achieved gender parity for the first time in Brazil’s history, because each of the two female ministers in the 22-member cabinet was “equivalent to 10 men.”On the same day in neighboring Argentina, which ranks 18 out of 193 countries in terms of female participation in Congress, President Mauricio Macri signed a law that requires that half of each party’s candidates be women.When the newspaper Folha de S. Paulo first broke the story that some P.S.L. leaders appeared to have used women as ghost candidates, Mr. Bolsonaro fired one of his top aides, Secretary General Gustavo Bebianno. As the president of the party, Mr. Bebianno was responsible for the distribution of campaign funds.Mr. Bebianno denies any wrongdoing and says all of the funding allocations were approved by electoral authorities.Ms. Barbosa said that immediately after receiving $16,000 from the electoral fund, P.S.L. operators ordered her to transfer most of the money to specific accounts.She said she refused, and sent numerous complaints to the regional party president, Mr. Teixeira Dias, as well as handing over relevant bank statements and WhatsApp messages to the authorities.In a written statement, Mr. Teixeira Dias, who is now the tourism minister, denied any knowledge of the misuse of campaign funds.“It is necessary to wait to see what is real and what is not real,” said Justice Minister Sergio Moro, a former federal judge who built a reputation for zealously prosecuting corrupt politicians.Ms. Barbosa said she doesn’t hold Mr. Bolsonaro responsible. But just three days after going to the police, she packed her bags and moved to Portugal, where she is seeking political asylum.“In Brazil, women who denounce their husbands for abuse are killed and politicians who denounce corruption end up dead,” she said. “Anybody who is a whistle-blower is vulnerable.”Good Monday. (Want this ny email? Sign up here.)Aramco lifts the curtain on its huge profitsSaudi Aramco began a road show to pitch prospective investors on a $10 billion bond offering, providing a peek into the state-owned oil company’s books — and showing how incredibly profitable it is.Aramco made $111.1 billion in profit last year, according to data provided to credit ratings agencies. That means it was the world’s most profitable company in 2018, Bloomberg notes, making more than Apple and Alphabet combined.The company produced 13.6 million barrels of oil equivalent a day last year, which far surpasses any other producer, such as Royal Dutch Shell or BP.The disclosures finally shed light on the oil company’s finances and operations. (They were necessary as part of the bond offering that will support Aramco’s $69 billion deal to buy control of a Saudi chemical company, Sabic.)Credit ratings agencies were impressed. Moody’s assigned Aramco’s bonds an A1 rating (though still below the Aaa that it gave to Exxon Mobil). The agency said the biggest risk to the rating was any downgrade to Saudi Arabia’s own financial picture.Mark Zuckerberg wants Facebook regulated, on his termsFacebook’s C.E.O. wrote an opinion piece for the WaPo on Saturday laying out how he believes his company should be treated. His top policy executive, Nick Clegg, echoed its points in an interview with Politico. Here’s how Mike Isaac of the NYT reads between the lines:• Harmful content. Mr. Zuckerberg called for lawmakers to decide “what counts as terrorist propaganda, hate speech and more.” By adhering to the letter of the law, Facebook can effectively shield itself from blame if something goes awry.• Election protection. “Our systems would be more effective if regulation created common standards for verifying political actors,” Mr. Zuckerberg wrote. That would serve Facebook well, Mr. Isaac writes: “When the next erroneous outburst inevitably occurs, Facebook could point toward the law it was forced to follow.”• Privacy and data protection issues. “I believe it would be good for the internet if more countries adopted regulation such as G.D.P.R. as a common framework,” Mr. Zuckerberg wrote, referring to Europe’s data protection rule. If laws are enacted to limit data collection in the future, Mr. Isaac notes, Facebook might be able to squash smaller competitors.• Data portability. “Regulation should guarantee the principle of data portability,” Mr. Zuckerberg wrote. Facebook claims its users would be able to freely take their information from one network to the next, Mr. Isaac says. But in reality, data portability could help the company combine its platforms, which include Instagram and WhatsApp.More: Facebook will start explaining why people are being shown content in their news feed. The company “mistakenly deleted” many of Mr. Zuckerberg’s old posts. And lawmakers in Australia and New Zealand want to ban “weaponized” social media.How the U.S. and China could undercut their trade dealAs the two countries nudge ever closer to striking an agreement, Ana Swanson and Keith Bradsher of the NYT explain how one of its key tenets could undercut Washington’s vision:• “Any agreement seems certain to involve China’s promise to purchase hundreds of billions of dollars of American goods. For Mr. Trump, this is an essential element that will help reduce the United States’ record trade deficit with China.”• “But those purchases will be ordered by the Chinese state, and most will be carried out by state-controlled Chinese businesses, further cementing Beijing’s role in managing its economy and potentially making United States industries even more beholden to the Chinese.”“Both sides are trying to iron out an agreement by next week, to coincide with a visit to Washington by Liu He, the Chinese special envoy charged with negotiating the deal,” Ms. Swanson and Mr. Bradsher write. The goal is reportedly “to have an agreement by the end of that meeting, with a signing ceremony between Mr. Trump and President Xi Jinping of China potentially later this month.”But there are still sticking points. “Those include how an agreement will be monitored and enforced, and how many of Mr. Trump’s tariffs come off and when,” according to Ms. Swanson and Mr. Bradsher.Lyft went public. Here’s who won.The ride-hailing company began trading on the public markets on Friday, with its stock closing up about 9 percent. But the file of winners is bigger than just those who bought into the stock before it listed:• Gig economy start-ups. Lyft showed that there’s interest in the public markets for companies that rely on part-time employees. (But the big question is still whether they can ever make money.)• The Golden State, truly. Lyft’s success bodes well for its home state, California, which is set to collect a capital-gains tax bonanza from the tech companies planning to go public this year. Alejandro Lazo of the WSJ reports that the state is already expected to draw nearly 10 percent of its revenue for the next fiscal year from tech I.P.O.s — a figure that could grow if the offerings perform better than expected.• Uber. The world’s largest ride-hailing company will probably be heartened by Lyft’s success. One unnamed investor told the FT that a $120 billion valuation for Uber now “doesn’t look too unreasonable.”Who didn’t win: Anyone who bought shares in Lyft after it listed on the Nasdaq.More: Meet the V.C.s who are expected to be big winners from the coming wave of tech I.P.O.s.Lawmakers try to take control of Brexit, againAfter rejecting Prime Minister Theresa May’s withdrawal deal for a third time on Friday, British lawmakers will attempt again to come up with an alternative.Parliament will vote on options later today. There are eight proposals, none of which won a majority when they were voted on last week. John Bercow, the speaker of the House of Commons, may trim down the options, which could force cohesion around a plan. Mrs. May continues to scramble. The FT reports that she is considering a fourth vote on her deal, while she grapples with a breakdown of trust inside her Conservative Party.If Parliament remains deadlocked, Britain faces a choice: Leave the European Union without a deal on April 12, or ask Brussels for another extension.There is a feeling of anger and embarrassment. “In interviews, many Britons expressed despair over the inability of the political system to produce a compromise,” Ellen Barry and Benjamin Mueller of the NYT write. “No one feels that the government has represented their interests. No one is satisfied. No one is hopeful. It has amounted to a hollowing out of confidence in democracy itself.”More:  There is at least one Brexit winner in Britain: the corporate law industry, which is profiting from companies trying to prepare.Was Jeff Bezos’ phone hacked?The Amazon chief’s security consultant accused the Saudi government of gaining unauthorized access to Mr. Bezos’ phone, Karen Weise of the NYT reports:• “In an opinion article in The Daily Beast on Saturday, Gavin de Becker, Mr. Bezos’ security chief, alleged the Saudis wanted to hurt Mr. Bezos because he owns The Washington Post. The Post has aggressively reported on the murder of Jamal Khashoggi, one of its columnists, who was killed last year in Turkey.”• “Mr. de Becker’s claims about the Saudis are difficult to verify and raise many questions. Throughout his article, the security consultant was vague on details.”• “On Sunday, American Media Inc., the parent company of The National Enquirer, which first reported earlier this year that Mr. Bezos was having an extramarital affair, issued a statement denying ‘the false and unsubstantiated claims of Mr. de Becker.’ ”New York plans America’s first congestion pricing planState lawmakers reached a $175 billion budget deal over the weekend. It promises sweeping changes to the way New Yorkers commute, shop and live, the NYT reports.Congestion pricing — a first in the U.S. — will subject vehicles traveling below 60th Street in Manhattan to a toll. The revenue will go toward the subway and other transportation projects. Specifics, like what the charge will be, have been deferred to other authorities.The state also banned single-use plastic shopping bags, following California and Hawaii.But it dropped plans for a recurring “pied-à-terre tax” of 5 percent on the value of high-end second homes, after opposition from the real estate industry. Instead, lawmakers adopted a “mansion tax” and a real estate transfer tax, two one-time charges that would top out at 4.15 percent on the sale of properties worth at least $25 million.Revolving doorThe Louis Dreyfus Company reportedly ousted Gonzalo Ramírez Martiarena as C.E.O. after he started holding deal talks with rivals.Alok Sama, the C.F.O. of SoftBank’s international arm, is reportedly leaving the Japanese tech giant.The speed readDeals• The activist hedge fund Starboard Value has dropped its campaign against Bristol-Myers Squibb’s deal to buy Celgene. (CNBC)• The talent agency Endeavor is reportedly preparing an I.P.O. later this year. (WSJ)• Vivendi withdrew a motion to replace directors of Telecom Italia, conceding defeat to Elliott Management. (Bloomberg)• Jonathan Lavine, a managing partner of Bain Capital, worries that private equity firms are piling too much debt onto their deals. (FT)• European lenders are starting to grow wary of giving money to WeWork. (Bloomberg)Politics and policy• President Trump reportedly thinks that a lawsuit to overturn the Affordable Care Act — which his administration is backing — will fail. (Axios)• A federal judge ruled against the White House’s plan to open up the Arctic Ocean for oil drilling. (NYT)• Joe Biden scrambled to defend himself after a former Nevada lawmaker accused him of inappropriately kissing and touching her. (NYT)• Senator Elizabeth Warren has lost her presidential campaign’s finance director after a disagreement over abandoning big-ticket donors. (NYT)• Mr. Trump reportedly wants to “save” Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s seat on the Supreme Court for Amy Coney Barrett, a conservative federal judge who opposes abortion. (Axios)Boeing• The inquiry into the fatal Ethiopian Airlines crash is said to believe a faulty anti-stall sensor was to blame. (NYT)• “Pitch up, pitch up”: the final minutes of the doomed flight. (WSJ)• U.S. and Ethiopian investigators are reportedly clashing over the investigation. (WSJ)Tech• The initial coin offering market has ground to a halt. (WSJ)• Google has stopped serving ads in China for two websites that help bypass censorship. Skeptics say the move is an attempt to appeal to Beijing. (FT)• Alphabet’s A.I. subsidiary, DeepMind, is readying its first commercial product: a device that will diagnose some complex eye diseases in real time. (FT)• Some consumers are accusing Tesla of using upselling tricks to move more expensive cars. (Quartz)Best of the rest• Michael Avenatti has taken on many high-profile legal fights, but his biggest yet is his own court case. (NYT)• How the financier Morrie Tobin became the whistle-blower in the college admissions scandal. (LAT)• A federal judge wants to limit PG&E’s dividends to force the utility to reduce the risk of causing California wildfires. (WSJ)• How tens of thousands of far-right extremists helped swindle $1 billion from the federal government. (NYT)• Burger King is introducing a meat-free “Impossible Whopper.” (NYT)Thanks for reading! We’ll see you tomorrow.We’d love your feedback. Please email thoughts and suggestions to business@nytimes.com.After Kanye and Adidas, and Rihanna and Puma; after Questlove and Nike, and Kendrick Lamar and Reebok, it was only a matter of time. And on Thursday, the first lady of Everything, Beyoncé Knowles, entered the sneaker wars.Adidas announced that it would collaborate with Ms. Knowles on several endeavors, including a signature collection with Adidas and an expansion of the singer’s active-wear brand, Ivy Park. She will be a creative partner at Adidas.In a statement, Ms. Knowles called the coming collaboration the “partnership of a lifetime” and touted a shared philosophy “that puts creativity, growth and social responsibility at the forefront of business.”The pop star and entrepreneur will retain ownership of Ivy Park, which was introduced in 2016 in partnership with Topshop and sells comfort wear and athleisure at retailers including Nordstrom. In 2018, Ms. Knowles acquired full ownership of the company after Sir Philip Green, Topshop’s owner, was accused of racial abuse and sexual harassment.Little financial information about Ivy Park is available, and it is unclear how successful the brand has been. It was immediately popular upon its release in 2016. On Thursday, its website had been altered to broadcast the Adidas partnership.The Beyoncé/Adidas collaboration is perhaps the most notable partnership between a superstar and a sports brand yet, and it indicates the consumer and social power that can be derived from such cross-branding. It is also a tribute to the lane Rihanna paved in 2014 when she became a creative director and global ambassador at Puma, back when it was still a novel idea that an entertainer might lend her name to a company best known for athletic apparel. (Rihanna parted ways with Puma and is now said to be working with LVMH on her own luxury brand.)Championing women and girls has become a key part of Adidas’s public relations strategy. This month, the company announced a new phase of its “She Breaks Barriers” initiative, which highlights the lack of equal media coverage for women’s sports in the United States. Ms. Knowles has positioned herself as a political voice for black Americans and for women, including through her musical examination of her marriage and her 2018 Coachella performance, which gave a platform to historically black colleges. She will amplify these messages, and those Adidas has already pushed, by giving the company her imprimatur.“Beyoncé is an iconic creator but also a proven business leader, and together, we have the ability to inspire change and empower the next generation of creators,” said Eric Liedtke, a member of the executive board of Adidas AG.Adidas’s “multilayered” partnership with Ms. Knowles will include a program whose resources will be given over to “the next generation of athletes, creators and leaders.”Last July, Forbes estimated that Ms. Knowles was worth $355 million, citing her most recent solo album, “Lemonade,” her million-dollar-grossing tour with her husband Jay-Z and the value of her stake in his streaming service, Tidal. El Espace is a column dedicated to news and culture relevant to Latinx communities. Expect politics, arts, analysis, personal essays and more. ¿Lo mejor? It’ll be in Spanish and English, so you can forward it to your tía, your primo Lalo or anyone else (read: everyone).In elementary school, I won a $100 savings bond in an essay contest. “Guardalo,” my dad said, explaining that the longer I kept it, the more valuable it would become. I tucked it into an old journal and mostly forgot about it. In hindsight, it was the first time I made money from writing, and I should have valued it more, but I was disappointed not to have cold, hard cash. I had no understanding of saving or compound interest back then. My family’s needs were immediate: food, clothes, rent. I wasn’t saving, except maybe for some candy. In general, financial literacy among Latino communities is lower than that of the average adult in the United States, particularly among first generation immigrants, most of whom are scraping by on low-paying jobs.“If you are living within a certain amount of economic insecurity, you are not worried about 59 and a half, you are worried about next year,” said Ramona Ortega, who started a mission-driven financial technology company, My Money My Future, that teaches financial literacy and provides personal finance tools to millennials of color. The result is a tendency to keep money in cash (sometimes at home, which Ortega calls “so risky”) so it’s easily accessible and, also, a general disinclination toward investing, which is crucial to building wealth. “People don’t buy what they don’t know,” Ortega said, and for Latinos and black families, that’s meant a historical reliance on real estate as their primary form of investment. This backfired during the housing crisis, when families of color (and Latinos in particular) were hardest hit, losing more than 50 percent of their net worth; whites, by comparison, only experienced a 16 percent drop.Millennial Latinos today are better off than their parents. We are more likely to go to college and get a decent job that affords us some disposable income. But the income gap still affects us the most, and many of us never learned to manage money, let alone help it grow.“We often lack the confidence, because we don’t have access to trusted financial advice,” Ortega said. She created My Money My Future to fill that gap. Here, she offers her best personal finance tips for millennials of color. Take that cash out from under your mattress. If you don’t have an emergency fund, set a goal to save $1,000 and build up from there, aiming to have enough to cover three to six months of living expenses, Ortega said. If you already have enough cash to cover incidentals, the rest should be invested. “There is this notion that people who don’t have much money don’t save,” said Ortega, but “The problem is that we are saving, not investing.” Cash sitting at home or in a regular checking or savings account is losing money, Ortega said, because it’s not keeping up with the rate of inflation. Let’s say you have $10,000. Determine how much you need to have readily available to feel secure ($3,000 for instance), put that in a high yield savings account, and invest the rest. “That money should be helping you make money,” she said. She recommends a 401(k), if your company offers it, or a Roth Individual Retirement Account (IRA).Don’t sleep on credit. “It’s true there are bad forms of debt,” Ortega said, like credit card debt that is rolled over month to month. “But good debt allows you to leverage and build wealth.” By good debt, she means credit cards that are paid off every month and on time, as well as federal student loans, which often carry a lower-than-average interest rate. How consistently you pay off these debts determines your credit score, and those who don’t have a good credit score (700 or higher) end up paying more in interest over time, especially on big budget items like a home or a car. When you file your tax returns this year, take the opportunity to request your free annual credit report and do a financial inventory. Look out for errors or old debts you can easily get rid of (like that $60 you still owe your phone company, for example). Budget for family support.“If you are sending remittances home and that is going to be something you do on the monthly, it has to be part of your financial plan,” said Ortega. It can also be a good idea to openly discuss with your siblings how you plan to support your parents, “perhaps setting up a separate account where you all contribute,” she added.A lack of financial literacy education means that many “end up making a ton of money mistakes over a lifetime that are extremely costly,” Ortega said. But investing for the future is “actually what creates financial stability over time.” Let’s secure the bag in 2019, shall we? Here are more stories to read this week. El RoundupWHEN THE NET IS CAST TOO WIDEA recent New York Times Magazine article tells the important story of Alex, a Honduran immigrant who became collateral damage in a crackdown on MS-13 gang members.LOTERÍA 2.0There’s a new version of this classic Mexican game that reimagines the card names: “La Campana,” the bell, has become “El Notification.” La Calavera,” the skull, is now “El Gluten.” “El Paraguas,” the umbrella, has become “El Safe Space.” 😂ABOUT THE WALLEl periodista Jorge Ramos responded to President Trump’s national address on immigration in our Opinion section. “The wall has become a metaphor to Mr. Trump and his millions of supporters. It represents a divide between ‘us’ and ‘them,’” he wrote.SHADES OF BEAUTYDoes skin color influence skin care needs? Some brands are banking on it.La ÑapaThis story about a crop of Afrocentric schools in Brooklyn designed to empower black students gave me all the feels. The U.S. education system has been historically unkind to its students of color — excluding or sanitizing their history, over disciplining black students, showing insensitivity to diverse cultures — but these Afrocentric schools offer parents an alternative space where, in the words of one of the school founders, “You see you.”Do you have suggestions for El Espace? Want to receive it as a newsletter? Let me know: elespace@nytimes.comThere was much to celebrate last spring when Ariel Emanuel, the chief executive of the talent agency Endeavor, helped throw a splashy Hollywood party for Saudi Arabia’s crown prince, Mohammed bin Salman.The soiree, with guests including the Disney chief executive Robert A. Iger, the Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and the former N.B.A. star Kobe Bryant, took place as Saudi Arabia’s government investment fund was completing an agreement to invest $400 million in Mr. Emanuel’s firm. The deal was meant to finance Endeavor’s growth, while diversifying Saudi Arabia’s economy via the talent agency’s work in sports, events, modeling and television and film production.Less than a year after the star-studded party, Endeavor and Saudi Arabia have gone through a messy breakup, set in motion by the murder last October of the Saudi journalist Jamal Khashoggi.In recent weeks, Mr. Emanuel’s firm returned the $400 million investment, effectively severing Endeavor’s relationship with Saudi leaders, according to two people with knowledge of the transaction.It is one of the few instances of a major company halting business with the wealthy kingdom to protest its agents’ assassination of a journalist.A spokesman for Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund, or PIF, which made the investment in Endeavor, did not respond to repeated requests for comment. Neither did Mr. Emanuel.Prince Mohammed has worked to turn the fund into a global investment giant whose profits can reduce the kingdom’s dependency on oil. On a high-profile tour of the United States last spring, the prince met with politicians, business leaders and celebrities. Many hailed him as a valuable business partner and a potentially transformative figure in the Middle East.On the prince’s American trip, the fund signed deals with the movie-theater company AMC and the amusement-park operator Six Flags to expand into Saudi Arabia. And it completed the investment with Endeavor, an alliance that Prince Mohammed hoped would lift the kingdom’s nascent entertainment sector.Then Mr. Khashoggi’s murder in October led to an international outcry.Richard Branson, founder of the British media and technology conglomerate Virgin Group, suspended talks with the Saudi fund over potential investments in his space-travel businesses. Executives from the private-equity firm Blackstone Group, the ride-sharing service Uber and Goldman Sachs canceled plans to attend a major investment conference in Riyadh, the Saudi capital.Mr. Emanuel joined the chorus. At an industry event in Cannes, France, on Oct. 15, he called the Khashoggi disappearance, about which many details had not yet emerged, “very, very concerning, really concerning. It’s upsetting.”Privately, Mr. Emanuel informed officials with the Saudi fund that he intended to return the $400 million that it had invested. Worried about the Saudi reaction, he began traveling at times with bodyguards, according to a person briefed on the matter.Mr. Emanuel canvassed other investors, including some who already had put money into Endeavor, to help fill the void that would be left when the firm returned the Saudi money, according to the two people familiar with the talks, including one who is an Endeavor investor.The process wrapped up in the past few weeks, with Endeavor investors kicking in money and the company repaying Saudi Arabia.Endeavor’s clean break with the kingdom has made it an outlier in the business community.Despite the American sanctions against 17 Saudis said to have been involved with Mr. Khashoggi’s killing, on top of the public outcry, most of the kingdom’s overseas partnerships have remained intact. Blackstone is using billions of dollars of Saudi money to invest in United States infrastructure projects. The asset manager BlackRock has said it will continue to manage Saudi funds. And Uber and other companies that accepted money from the Saudi government have not indicated any plans to return it.“People still want sovereign wealth fund money,” said Michael Maduell, president of the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute, which provides research on government investment funds.Greg Fairchild, who teaches business ethics at the University of Virginia’s Darden School, said there was a strong argument for corporate leaders to follow Mr. Emanuel’s lead.While it might hurt in the short term, he said, “you can look in the mirror and say, ‘We’re just not involved in that.’”The children of the Saudi dissident Jamal Khashoggi have received tens of thousands of dollars and millions in real estate from the rulers of the kingdom as compensation for the murder of their father by a team of Saudi agents, according to a person close to the family and a former Saudi official familiar with the arrangement.The payments appear to be part of an attempt to deter the Khashoggi children from speaking out against the kingdom’s de facto ruler, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, whom American and other Western intelligence agencies have concluded ordered the killing.Mr. Khashoggi, a Virginia resident and Washington Post columnist, had four adult children, at least two of whom are American citizens. Saudi Arabia has now provided each of the four with a house in the family’s home city of Jidda worth about $4 million in addition to a steady stream of cash payments of $10,000 to $15,000 a month, according to the people familiar with the arrangement. All spoke on condition of anonymity because the arrangement is confidential.The former official said that the crown prince’s father, King Salman, had ordered the payments shortly after he had first learned that Saudi agents had ambushed and killed Mr. Khashoggi, and that the payments were intended as a form of financial support, without conditions, that would continue indefinitely.A current Saudi official compared the arrangement to royal payments to the families of soldiers killed in battle or to Saudis killed in a natural disaster.But the Khashoggi family members also have felt pressure to refrain from criticizing the rulers of the kingdom, several people close to them have said, driven in part by fear of official retaliation against relatives still inside the kingdom. Although the other siblings are now in the United States, Mr. Khashoggi’s eldest son, Salah, still lives primarily in Jidda, where he works as a banker, and after his father’s death he was initially barred for a time from leaving Saudi Arabia.All four of Mr. Khashoggi’s children have privately raged at the royal court over their father’s death, many people who have talked to them have said. But in their few interviews and public statements, all of his children have avoided directing any blame or resentment toward Crown Prince Mohammed and the Saudi royal family.In an interview with CNN last fall, for example, Salah Khashoggi disputed the characterization of his father as a dissident, described him instead as a loyal supporter of the monarchy and accused unnamed critics of the kingdom of exploiting his death “in a political way that we totally don’t agree with.”Mr. Khashoggi’s son Abdullah and daughter Noha did not respond to requests for comment. Neither did William Taylor, a Washington lawyer who has represented the family. The payments were first reported on Monday in The Washington Post.People close to Mr. Khashoggi’s children have said that, although they have now reconciled with one another, his two daughters initially took a more confrontational approach and criticized their brothers as “sellouts” for their willingness to accept the Saudi payments.The brothers’ outlook was more fatalistic, these people said. Mr. Khashoggi’s son Abdullah, for example, complained privately that it was of little use to fight, because the new rulers of the kingdom had both killed his father and taken control, one friend recalled.The family could soon receive additional payments in the form of so-called “blood money” in connection with a trial for Mr. Khashoggi’s murder that is now unfolding in Saudi Arabia.Under pressure from Western governments to hold accountable those responsible for the killing, Saudi Arabia has said that its public prosecutor has charged 11 officers or officials with involvement in the operation. Of those, five face potential death sentences on charges that they played a direct role at the moment when Mr. Khashoggi was killed. (Saudi officials have said he was given a tranquilizer and then suffocated or strangled to death inside a consulate in Istanbul.)The trial, however, may pose a dilemma for the Saudis. A guilty verdict could create the potential appearance of more severe punishment for obedient officers who carried out the operation than for more senior officials who ordered it — a group that may include the crown prince himself.That could send a demoralizing message to other security officers or intelligence agents, or trigger a backlash from the extended families of the accused.But the Saudi legal system sometimes allows the families of killers — or other benefactors who support the families — to pay “blood money” to the relatives of murder victims in exchange for an agreement to relinquish the right to demand the death penalty.If security officers are convicted of the killing, the payment of blood money to the Khashoggis could give the king or crown prince leeway to issue pardons or suspended sentences that could defuse internal dissent.Saudi Arabia has not disclosed the names of those accused or the details of the charges or evidence against them. But in a departure from Saudi custom, some Western diplomats have been allowed to observe sessions of the trial, in an apparent effort to show the world the kingdom is pursuing justice.More than 30 million people in the United States have diabetes. The vast majority of them have Type 2 diabetes. Some of those are testing their blood sugar at home, but the best research is telling us that they don’t need to — that in fact it’s a waste of money.It’s not a small problem. The waste is running into the billions of dollars, and it’s costing all of us money through the health care system.For people with Type 1 diabetes, blood glucose monitoring and insulin administration is the standard of care. Patients need to check their blood sugar a number of times a day, then give themselves insulin to replace what would have been made in the pancreas. Treatment for Type 2 diabetes, however, doesn’t involve these critical calculations of insulin. It’s usually maintained with a pretty regular administration of the same drugs on a set schedule.Self-monitoring for blood glucose, therefore, may be unnecessary for those not on insulin. This has been tested in well-designed studies.The Monitor trial, published two years ago in JAMA Internal Medicine, was a pragmatic trial that took place in 15 primary care practices in North Carolina. Patients with Type 2 non-insulin-treated diabetes were randomly assigned to one of three groups.People in the first group were told to check their blood glucose once a day. People in the second were told to check their blood glucose once a day, and then were given tailored advice depending on the results from the meter. The third group was told not to check blood sugar at all.After one year (a pretty impressive length for a study like this), there were no differences in the hemoglobin A1C levels (the best way to monitor long-term blood glucose control) between the three groups. There were also no differences in the health-related quality of life measures for the patients. There were no differences in the number of times they experienced hypoglycemia, how much care they needed, and how many progressed to the need for insulin.In other words, there were no measurable differences in how patients fared, whether they checked blood sugar or not.This evidence, while the best to date, confirmed what previous work had shown. A 2012 Cochrane review assessed all the randomized controlled trials through 2011 that had investigated how testing for blood glucose at home improved outcomes. It included 12 trials involving more than 3,200 patients. By 12 months, the overall benefit to testing, with respect to lab values, was statistically insignificant. There were never any benefits with respect to patient satisfaction.Still, not everyone is on board. Critics of this most recent trial said it didn’t prove that blood glucose monitoring couldn’t help: It’s possible that with better training, or more attention to detail, there might be ways to make this work.The point of pragmatic comparative effectiveness trials like this, though, is to test how practices work in the real world. In these high-quality primary care practices, even with customized help in interpreting the measurements (which is more than most patients get), testing blood sugar didn’t make a difference.Choosing Wisely, an educational campaign aiming to reduce unnecessary medical tests and procedures, advises against routine home glucose monitoring for patients with Type 2 diabetes who are not on insulin. It says there is no benefit, and that there are potential harms (a study has shown an association with increased anxiety and depression). This argument is supported by the American Academy of Family Physicians, the Society of General Internal Medicine and the Endocrine Society.Of course, there are exceptions. When patients are acutely ill, or changing regimens, or finding that their blood sugar is not well controlled, testing may be appropriate. Such decisions should be made in consultation with a physician.But for most people with Type 2 diabetes not on insulin, testing is inappropriate most of the time. That message is not getting through. At the end of last year, another study was published in JAMA Internal Medicine that quantified the prevalence of glucose testing in adults. Researchers examined a database that contained data on more than 370,000 commercial health insurance and Medicare Advantage beneficiaries who had Type 2 diabetes.Of the more than 23 percent of patients who were using testing strips, more than half were probably doing so in spite of widespread recommendations that they shouldn’t. They were using a median of two testing strips a day at a cost of more than $325 per year per patient.On another front, The New York Times has reported that “a surprisingly large number of people” who use insulin are using less because they can’t afford it, putting themselves in danger.With a health care system as complicated as ours, it’s hard to take money from one pot and shift it easily to another. Efficiency in each system is crucial. The fact that a necessary facet of diabetes care is increasingly out of reach — while unnecessary and potentially harmful care is easily overused — illustrates how much work still needs to be done.It’s rare for a movie to announce so bluntly and accurately what it’s about and why it exists, but the numbskull Bollywood caper “Total Dhamaal” wastes no time: “It’s all about the money.” These are the first words you hear, sung in English, in an opening musical number so shimmeringly gaudy it would make Las Vegas blush.So, yes, the plot involves suitcases full of rupees, coveted and chased by the usual assortment of bumblers, gangsters and civilians. But also, the makers of “Total Dhamaal” needlessly remind us, the movie exists to celebrate and, of course, to make money.The making part is probably a given. “Total Dhamaal” (“Total Fun”) is the third installment of a popular series, all directed by Indra Kumar, with a simple comic philosophy: No physical gag is too silly or too juvenile; and, repetition can only up the ante.This time around the guest stars include Madhuri Dixit, one of Hindi cinema’s biggest stars (and best dancers) of the late 1980s and ’90s, and Anil Kapoor. For long stretches, Ms. Dixit is the sole female in “Total Dhamaal” (“Bro,” uttered again and again in English, feels like a verbal tell), and she’s a welcome presence even if the movie drags her down more than she lifts it up.The shaggy story, a sort of a poor cousin to “It’s a Mad Mad Mad Mad World,” has its big climax in a zoo, where our hapless heroes wind up in their race to grab the cash. They pause to save the animals — a villain ex machina has poisoned their food — and, surprise, a lesson is learned: Kindness trumps greed.The moral seems as tacked on as the villain. But it’s a sweet thought and not entirely out of keeping with a movie that for all its crassness, comic and commercial, is basically good-spirited.And practical. One gag, in good Indian metaphysical tradition, has a man drowning in quicksand call for a rope; he’s handed a snake. There’s no perceptual error here, just this thought: Sometimes a snake is just a snake, but it’s not accidental that it can be used to pull a man from danger.The British bank Standard Chartered has agreed to pay $1.1 billion to settle allegations by the authorities in the United States and Britain that it violated money-laundering laws and economic sanctions.The authorities, including the Treasury and Department of Justice as well as New York State regulators and prosecutors, said that Standard Chartered had for years processed hundreds of millions of dollars in transactions from countries barred from participating in the American financial system, including Cuba, Iran, Sudan and Syria. Standard Chartered, which is based in London, has extensive operations in Africa and Asia, including the Middle East.The settlement is the latest to produce a large penalty against a European bank caught processing illicit transactions for countries and criminal enterprises.In 2012, HSBC agreed to pay $1.9 billion and to submit to years of heightened scrutiny after the authorities found that the bank had helped Mexican drug cartels launder money. In 2014, the French bank BNP Paribas paid a record sum of nearly $9 billion and pleaded guilty for violating American sanctions against Sudan and other countries. And two years ago, Deutsche Bank was fined $630 million for helping Russian investors secretly move $10 billion through branches in London, Moscow and New York.Standard Chartered itself had been punished in the recent past; it paid $330 million in 2012 after carrying out transactions for Iran in violation of United States sanctions.The conduct that led to the current fine against Standard Chartered — including failing to adequately vet its clients and the source of their money — occurred from 2009 to 2014. In one instance cited by Britain’s Financial Conduct Authority, a Standard Chartered office in the United Arab Emirates accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash that a foreign consul had taken into the country in a suitcase in 2011.The authorities gave Standard Chartered credit for moving to rectify its misdeeds. The bank has “taken significant remedial measures since 2014 to develop a more robust program to prevent these egregious activities,” Linda A. Lacewell, New York State’s acting financial services superintendent, said in a statement on Tuesday.The changes included the hiring of a new chief executive, William T. Winters. In a statement, he said: “We are pleased to have resolved these matters and to put these historical issues behind us.”COPENHAGEN — Regulators in Estonia have ordered Danske Bank to leave the country within eight months, arguing that the Danish bank’s $230 billion money-laundering scandal had tarnished the reputation of Estonia’s financial market.Danske Bank, which is facing investigations by the United States Department of Justice and other authorities, said it would comply with the order. Additionally, Danske, the largest lender in Denmark, said it would stop offering banking services in Russia, Latvia and Lithuania as part of a previously announced move to focus on its core Nordic market.An internal report by Danske revealed in September that the bank had failed for years to prevent suspected money laundering involving thousands of customers at its branch in Tallinn, Estonia. The report prompted Danske’s chief executive and chairman to step down. In December, the police in Estonia arrested 10 former Danske employees on charges that they had been involved in a network of money launderers.The scandal “has dealt a serious blow to the transparency, credibility and reputation of the Estonian financial market,” Kilvar Kessler, the chairman of the management board of the Estonian financial regulator, said in a written statement on Tuesday.Mr. Kessler also took a swipe at Danish financial regulators for having “handled the bank softly.” The two regulatory bodies have repeatedly blamed each other for not preventing or stopping the alleged fraud sooner.The Danish Financial Supervisory Authority declined on Wednesday to respond to Mr. Kessler’s comments, but referred to a statement last month that it had lived up to its responsibility to press Danske Bank about its efforts to prevent money laundering. The agency said “that the bank did not always provide the F.S.A. with accurate information.” The agency has asked Danish lawmakers to increase its powers and staff.On Monday, the European Banking Authority said it had begun an investigation into both the Danish and Estonian financial authorities for possible breach of their obligations toward Danske Bank.The scandal’s full size is not yet known, but at one point, in 2008, the tiny Estonian branch delivered close to 10 percent of Danske Bank’s annual profit seemingly without attracting scrutiny from the bank’s Danish headquarters.Danske Bank, responding to the Estonian order to leave the country, acknowledged that the money laundering case “has had a negative impact on Estonian society.”“We are sorry to be leaving Estonia against this background,” the bank said, “but we understand the severity with which the Estonian F.S.A. looks at this case, and we will close down our remaining activities as requested. We will continue our cooperation with the Estonian and other relevant authorities.”Want this column in your inbox? Sign up here.Welcome to a quick catch-up on this week’s news in business and tech, so you can sound smart and well-read on Monday even if you spent most of your weekend scrolling through strangely cute pictures of vermin. Here’s your cheat sheet. FEB. 24-MarCH 2What’s Up? Through the MudIf you didn’t spend your Wednesday glued to the riveting testimony of Michael Cohen, President Trump’s former lawyer and fixer, you’ve no doubt heard the more salacious details by now (hush money to a porn star, etc.). But Mr. Cohen also made new accusations about his former client’s business practices. He said that Mr. Trump inflated his net worth to qualify for bigger bank loans, misrepresented the value of properties to avoid taxes and exaggerated the value of his assets when insuring them — in other words, committed fraud. Those revelations could pose problems not only for Mr. Trump, but also for his inner circle, including his daughter Ivanka Trump and son Donald Trump Jr. Just Can’t Help HimselfTesla’s chief executive, Elon Musk, went rogue on Twitter — again. The Securities and Exchange Commission wants to hold him in contempt of court for tweeting about production forecasts last week, which violated the terms of a settlement he made with the agency last year. (The S.E.C. sued him over misleading Twitter posts about taking his company private, and his legal team is now supposed to review any tweets with material information before he sends them — which didn’t happen, in this case.) In related news, Tesla is finally taking orders for the long-promised $35,000 version of its Model 3 sedan. But it had to cut significant costs in other areas — like in its work force — to do so. A Breakup at the MallHopefully, they can still be friends. Gap Inc. said on Thursday that it would split into two companies, one that’s just Old Navy — the star moneymaker — and the other containing Gap, Banana Republic, and the newer labels Athleta and Hill City. Gap the brand has been dragging down Gap the company for quite some time (its sales fell 5 percent last year) while Old Navy has grown like gangbusters and can now proceed unfettered. So what’s Gap doing wrong? Analysts say it failed to hold onto the baby boomers who loved its turtlenecks and jeans in the ’90s, while millennials are turning to cheaper options — and Old Navy has the better deals. MARCH 3-9What’s Next? Is It Over Yet?American farmers are bearing the brunt of the China trade war, defaulting on their loans at the highest rate in nine years. But Mr. Trump has said he’s anticipating “some very big news over the next week or two” about a deal. Last Friday was supposed to be the hard deadline for an agreement between the two governments, or else Mr. Trump would raise tariffs on Beijing to more punitive levels. But the administration backed off its big-stick posturing last week, dropping the deadline in light of “significant progress” in negotiations. Mr. Trump’s advisers were more cautiously optimistic about striking a deal, while many members of Congress remain skeptical of its terms. Up and AwayWhat better name for a new spacecraft than “Crew Dragon”? NASA and SpaceX are sending the capsule on its maiden voyage to the International Space Station this week. No humans are aboard this test flight, but ultimately the Crew Dragon is intended to carry astronauts — making it the first passenger-friendly ship that NASA has launched since the Atlantis space shuttle completed its final mission in 2011. Since then, NASA has had to buy rides to the International Space Station aboard Russian spacecraft, an arrangement that the Crew Dragon is expected to end. Art With a Mind of Its OwnIt looks weird, and it should — it’s artwork “curated” by artificial intelligence, and it will be the first of its medium sold at auction this Wednesday at Sotheby’s. Created by the artist Mario Klingemann, the installation consists of two framed screens that use neural networks to “think” for themselves, shifting into an endless stream of (rather creepy) portraits that the machine “imagines” in real time. No two faces that it depicts are alike, so every viewer gets a unique show. The piece is expected to fetch up to $52,000 — and perhaps whet the art market’s appetite for more of its kind. What Else?HBO’s chief executive, Richard Plepler, who ushered in a heyday for cable with shows like “The Sopranos” and “Sex and the City,” abruptly stepped down after 27 years at the network. Millions of people in Uganda have quit the internet after the government imposed taxes on the use of social media platforms like Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter. Walmart is doing away with its greeters — those people in blue vests who stand at the store entrance and seem way too happy to see you — which may put many employees with disabilities out of a job. And a new report showed that economic growth in the United States is not as peppy as some people (including Mr. Trump) predicted, as the effects of tax cuts and other economic stimuli fade.LONDON — Tate, which runs some of Britain’s most important art museums, announced Thursday night that it will no longer accept financial donations from the Sackler family, whose pharmaceutical interests have been linked to the opioid crisis.“The Sackler family has given generously to Tate in the past, as they have to a large number of U.K. arts institutions,” a Tate statement said."We do not intend to remove references to this historic philanthropy. However, in the present circumstances we do not think it right to seek or accept further donations from the Sacklers.”Tate’s trustees made the decision after advice from the institution’s independent ethics committee, a spokesman said in an email.The news is the latest sign of the changing climate in the art world toward the Sacklers, who are major donors to museums. Family members own Purdue Pharma, which makes the painkiller OxyContin and is facing hundreds of lawsuits as a result of the epidemic of opioid addiction.Tate’s statement came two days after Britain’s National Portrait Gallery said it would not accept a long-discussed $1.3 million donation from the London-based Sackler Trust, one of the family’s charitable foundations. It said the decision was taken jointly by the gallery and Trust.But the Thursday announcement, affecting Tate Modern and Tate Britain in London, as well as Tate Liverpool and Tate St. Ives in Cornwall, could have a bigger impact in the art world. All these galleries are major tourist attractions as well as home to large, high-profile exhibitions.In an email, a spokesman for the Mortimer and Raymond Sackler family said, “We deeply sympathise with all the communities, families and individuals affected by the addiction crisis in America. The allegations made against family members in relation to this are strongly denied and will be vigorously defended in court.” He did not comment on Tate’s decision.Much of the focus on the Sacklers’ donations to art institutions has been in the United States, where deaths and addiction associated with prescription opioids have become an unrelenting crisis. But awareness of the crisis is high in Britain, and that has led to pressure on galleries, with the news media asking frequent questions about donations from the Sacklers.Tate has received over $5 million from Sackler family trusts, including the Dr. Mortimer and Theresa Sackler Foundation based in Britain, according to the BBC. The trust helped finance the 2016 extension to Tate Modern known as the Blavatnik BuildingThere was little immediate reaction to the news from other institutions in Britain or the United States. Ken Weine, vice president and chief communications officer for the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, said it was aware of Tate’s announcement but that the museum had nothing to add to a statement issued last month by Daniel Weiss, the Met’s president and chief executive.“The Sackler family has been connected with the Met for more than a half century,” Mr. Weiss’s statement said. “The family is a large extended group and their support of The Met began decades before the opioid crisis.”“The Met is currently engaging in a further review of our detailed gift acceptance policies, and we will have more to report in due course,” it went on to say.The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum said in a statement it had received $9 million from members of the Mortimer D. Sackler family since 1995. It did not comment on Tate’s decision, but added “no contributions from the Sackler family have been received since 2015 and no additional gifts are planned.”“It’s like you’re on the front lines and you’re being shot in the back by your own forces. That’s how it feels.”CHIEF JUDGE RUBÉN CASTILLO, of the Federal District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, on fears that veteran employees will decide to quit if federal courts run out of money during the government shutdown.MAASTRICHT, Netherlands — How can we tell it’s a real Canaletto?“It’s the way he characterizes the figures, just with a few squiggles,” said Charles Beddington, a London-based dealer in old-master pictures, standing in front of a painting, “Old Somerset House From the River Thames,” that he was offering at Tefaf Maastricht, Europe’s biggest and most prestigious international art and antiques fair.“Like that dog,” Mr. Beddington added, pointing to the cheeky detail of a hound squatting to do its business on the terrace of the mansion where Henrietta Maria, wife of King Charles I, once lived.That was one of the telltale details that persuaded Mr. Beddington, an authority on 18th-century Italian painting, to include this long-lost picture in his catalog of the 2007 exhibition, “Canaletto in England: A Venetian Artist Abroad, 1746-1755,” at the Dulwich Picture Gallery in London. Before then, it was thought that the original Canaletto of this subject was a canvas sold in 1988 at Christie’s in New York. But that picture is now considered to be a copy by another artist.“That version doesn’t have the dog,” said Mr. Beddington, who added that the work available at Tefaf on behalf of its British owner was one of just three known paintings by Canaletto executed on mahogany panel. It was priced at six million pounds, or about $8 million. Mr. Beddington said he was “working” on its sale.The Canaletto is the sort of discovery that draws as many as 75,000 visitors a year to Tefaf. But the dealer-organized event, whose origins date to 1975, faces challenges. In recent years, old masters, the traditional mainstay of the fair, have fallen out of fashion; sister Tefaf events have been established in New York, at the risk of diluting the appeal of the European mother ship; and Tefaf Maastricht has struggled to attract and retain exhibitors that draw in contemporary collectors.The success of the Dutch fair depends on the ability of dealers to come up with museum-quality objects that haven’t been seen before. This year, visitors could admire a newly discovered painting by the 18th-century British artist Joseph Wright of Derby, shown by a London dealership, Lowell Libson & Jonny Yarker.The work, “Two Boys with a Bladder,” showing inquisitive children inflating a balloonlike membrane in front of a candle, is an addition to an admired group of paintings by Wright imbued with the Enlightenment spirit of scientific inquiry. Made in Liverpool in about 1769, it emerged from an English private collection and was, according to Mr. Libson, the last of the artist’s “science” pictures available for sale. It was priced at £3 million to £4 million and sold to an undisclosed institution, Mr. Libson said.“It’s the kind of masterpiece you used to see here, but hardly see any more,” said George Wachter, chairman of Sotheby’s North and South America, admiring the way the innovative Wright had painted the bladder on silver foil to enhance its translucence.Dealers at Tefaf did unearth other gems. The international gallerist Bob Haboldt had recently found an exceptionally well-preserved portable devotional painting of the Madonna and Child by Paolo Veneziano, a 14th-century artist, in a house in France. Remarkable for the originality of its gilding, this precious relic of medieval Venice was offered at 1.45 million euros, or about $1.64 million, and quickly sold to a European collector.Further down the price scale, the Berlin-based print dealer Nicolaas Teeuwisse brought a rare early 19th-century lithograph of a Brazilian rain forest by Johann Moritz Rugendas, whose pioneering South American studies were praised by the Prussian naturalist and explorer, Alexander von Humboldt. Priced at €12,000, the Rugendas piece was bought by the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam. And over in the Showcase section, devoted to up-and-coming dealers, Martin Doustar from Paris was offering an ancient greenstone funerary mask and necklace from the Olmec culture of Mesoamerica, dating from about 300 B.C. and priced at €250,000. The necklace comprised massive stone beads, weighing in total more than 20 pounds, intended to be worn by the dead in the afterlife.Dealers in ancient classical and ethnographic pieces can usually be relied on to bring the exceptional to Tefaf. Contemporary art has been more of a problem. Heavyweight dealerships such as Gagosian and Hauser & Wirth exhibited for a year or two, but not anymore. This year, for the first time, Tefaf managed to assemble a significant group of international galleries that regularly exhibit at fairs such as Art Basel and Frieze.Among the newcomers was Fergus McCaffrey of New York, showing boldly reimagined classical sculptures by the Brooklyn-based artist Barry X Ball. A piece by Mr. Ball in pink Iranian onyx called “Sleeping Hermaphrodite,” based on a Roman sculpture in the Louvre, caught the eye — it had been carved using 3-D imaging and robotics. The pink version was not for sale, but $1.9 million will buy another in a stone of the client’s choice.Big-league collectors such Ronald Lauder of the United States and Mimi Dusselier of Belgium were at the V.I.P. preview, which was probably a reassuring sign for the 14 new exhibitors reinvigorating Tefaf’s Modern section.But, according to Heinrich zu Hohenlohe, a consultant at the London dealership Dickinson and a longtime exhibitor at Tefaf, it can take time to earn the confidence of buyers at Maastricht.“The first year, they notice you’re here. The second, they notice you’re still here. Then in the third, they take you seriously,” he said.But can contemporary dealers used to the bustle of Art Basel wait that long?With a new editor in chief, a new staff and a new look, the February issue of Out magazine represented a fresh start for the groundbreaking queer publication. Two young Hollywood stars, Hari Nef and Tommy Dorfman, made for lovely cover subjects. Splashy ads from Louis Vuitton, Cadillac and Gucci seemed like good omens for a prosperous future.And the magazine’s 27-year-old editor, Phillip Picardi, a recent arrival from Condé Nast, where he was a protégé of Anna Wintour, sounded a note of renewal in his message to Out’s readers. “Every page you see here has been put together by a brand-new team of editors, photographers, stylists, journalists and designers — all of whom are keen on documenting queer stories and being a part of queer history,” he wrote in his first editor’s letter.But all was not well behind the facade.Executives involved in the influential publication, which started in 1992, have been in a bitter dispute for months. And more than 40 writers, editors and photographers have complained publicly that they did not receive compensation for their work. In addition, Pride Media, the company that oversees Out, has laid off five employees and instituted an across-the-board pay cut of 8 percent, according to its chief executive, Nathan Coyle.A spokesman for Pride Media — which is owned by the boutique hedge fund Oreva Capital — said payments had been sent to 89 of the freelancers who had not been compensated in a timely fashion. But many contributors are still awaiting their checks.Austin Dale, a writer in Los Angeles, was instrumental in drawing attention to the unpaid freelancers. He said he was owed $1,775 for movie reviews published in 2018 and did not get paid until recently.“It’s not a substantial amount of money,” he said. “But it would pay six weeks of my rent.”Mr. Dale, 28, started his effort to get paid for his work by sending a number of emails to Mr. Coyle. When those emails went unanswered, he pleaded his case on Twitter. That led to other Out freelancers going public with their complaints.To keep track of those who said they had been stiffed, Mr. Dale also created a Google spreadsheet. The invoices he logged ranged from $150 to almost $14,000 for a total of more than $100,000, he said. His next step was to enlist the help of the National Writers Union, which had recently won an $80,000 settlement after filing a lawsuit against Ebony magazine on behalf of 45 unpaid contributors.Larry Goldbetter, the president of the National Writers Union, said he would go the same route on behalf of the Out contributors, if necessary.“We want the publisher to straighten this out,” Mr. Goldbetter said. “They can go from being derelict to being a hero and setting an example. Or we’ll go to court. And we’re not afraid to go to court.”On Feb. 8, unpaid Out contributors published an open letter on Medium. “Our position as a group of freelancers is simple: Pay us, and pay us now,” the letter said. It was signed by 42 people.Mr. Coyle, the Pride Media head, published a contrite reply on the same platform. “We share in your outrage and have prioritized the resolution of this issue,” he wrote. The executive added, “To our contributors, we apologize,” before going on to cite Out’s formerly byzantine corporate structure as a reason for the missed payments.For the six years that ended on Sept. 1, the editorial division was run by an outside agency founded by Aaron Hicklin, a former editor in chief of Out. Mr. Hicklin started the agency, Grand Editorial, as a cost-cutting measure at a time when the publication was in financial trouble.Under the system, Out staff members became contractors, and Pride Media (and its predecessor company, Here Media) paid a monthly fee to Grand Editorial. From that pool of money, the agency sent checks to contributors.Things changed in 2017, when McCarthy Media, a company run by Evanly Schindler, the founder of the glossy magazine BlackBook, acquired Grand Editorial.In interviews, Mr. Coyle (of Pride Media) and Mr. Hicklin (formerly of Grand Editorial) blamed Mr. Schindler for the missed payments; Mr. Schindler disputed those claims.Last June, the problem at Out became so pronounced that editors refused to go into the office as a print deadline approached. Photo editors struggled to book photographers, who were owed money for previous jobs.“We couldn’t function as a team anymore,” said Mr. Hicklin, who was the top editor until June. “People were feeling increasingly bitter and frustrated by the broader situation.”In mid-August, Mr. Coyle decided to end the partnership with McCarthy Media. To get out of the agreement, he said, Pride Media negotiated to pay 18 percent of its monthly fee of $90,000 for a 90-day period. But then, Mr. Coyle said, he had second thoughts and decided against paying up.“We were like, ‘This is crazy! There’s over $100,000 of funds of the $800,000 given him this year that didn’t go to paying people, and now we’re paying him all this money?’” Mr. Coyle said.Mr. Schindler said Pride Media had failed to make several of the scheduled monthly payments to McCarthy Media. He also said that the company had never properly terminated the contract, and that it owed McCarthy Media roughly $300,000. “That’s why we are in this situation,” Mr. Schindler said.Financial records reviewed by The New York Times show that, from January through August 2018, Pride Media transferred nearly $800,000 to an account held by McCarthy Media.In addition to his complaints about Pride Media, Mr. Schindler said Mr. Hicklin bore some responsibility for the unpaid Out contributors. Mr. Hicklin disputed that claim, saying that he had tried to persuade Mr. Schindler to pay the Out freelancers, without much success.ImageThe February issue of Out was the first under its new editor, but a lingering fight simmered behind the scenes.“I would sit with him for sometimes three hours to try and get a series of checks and would maybe walk away with a couple,” Mr. Hicklin said. “It was an enraging experience.”As Pride Media started the process of taking over the editorial operation from the outside agency, it hired Mr. Picardi as the new top editor, along with new staff members who would replace longtime contractors.In November, Bernard Rook, an executive vice president of Pride Media, tried to assuage the unpaid freelancers: “Despite the fact that we’ve already paid Grand/McCarthy for this work — who were contractually obligated to pay you but did not — we are committed to making sure your invoices are remedied,” he wrote in an email.That came as welcome news to the contributors awaiting payment. But Pride Media wasn’t prepared for the many requests for payment that followed. Soon the company stopped replying to invoices, including those filed by freelancers whose work was published after Sept. 1, when Pride Media had taken on the task of paying them.“I didn’t realize the magnitude of the problem,” Mr. Coyle said. “We repeatedly asked for McCarthy’s ledgers for accounts payable, which they’ve never done. And so we’re kind of in the dark.”The continued back-and-forth has annoyed the writers, photographers and editors who are owed money. They don’t care who is to blame. They just want their money.For those who have yet to be paid, it may be a long wait. Pride Media said it had decided against making payments to freelancers who, in the company’s view, should have received checks from McCarthy Media.Mr. Schindler has been successfully sued for nonpayment in recent years. In a case filed in 2009, which reached its end last year, the New York State Supreme Court ordered him to pay more than $125,000 to Maurizio Marchiori, the former head of marketing at Diesel, because of a money dispute involving a magazine called Tar. In another case, the court ordered Mr. Schindler to pay 50 percent of the $202,000 he owed two Italian businessmen who had invested in the magazine. Mr. Schindler has been sued for nonpayment in at least two other cases, court records show.The unpaid freelancers have kept up the pressure. “The issue we have now is that there is a repeated pattern of a failure to pay and a failure to communicate with us, which is basic respect,” Anne-christine d’Adesky, a founding editor of Out, said.Michael Musto, the veteran Village Voice columnist and longtime Out contributor, said: “I feel at times we can be our own worst enemy. Queer people get mistreated by non-queers, so when we get second-class treatment by ourselves, it really hurts.”The corporate clash ruined what should have been a honeymoon period for Mr. Picardi, who made his name at Condé Nast as the top editor at Teen Vogue and the founding editor of the website Them. In an interview, he tried to sound hopeful about the future of the venerable publication he now oversees.“For all of us — these past and present regimes — we can be aligned in saying it’s vitally important that Out exists on newsstands and on a website,” Mr. Picardi said. “And that Out stands by queer creators and stands by them being paid for their work. We need to value each other, because there are so many people who don’t value us.”Maybe you read the story. I saw a man drop $90 on the subway last week, but he disappeared before I could return it. I wasn’t sure what to do next, so I did what I know: I wrote about it.I spoke to a philosophy professor, a lawyer and a transit official, asking each what to do. I published what they said, hoping the story might reach the owner. Then I waited.[Read what they had to say.]Since then, I’ve heard from dozens of readers, but not the man. Improbably, my moral dilemma expanded: On Tuesday, I found even more money, a pair of $20 bills, on a sidewalk near my home.So what am I going to to do with all this cash?When I found the $40, it was nighttime and I was walking my dog, Kevin, with a friend. Nobody else was around. With no way to confirm a claim to ownership, I plan to donate the money to GiveWell, a nonprofit that maintains a short list of charities that make especially effective use of donations.As for the $90? That I’ll hold onto a little longer, in case my previous story — or this one! — reaches the owner. If no one comes forward with a legitimate claim, I’ll donate that money, too. Most likely it will go to The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund, a nonprofit that, for more than a century, has provided direct assistance to troubled children, families and older people.[Here’s how to give to the Neediest Cases Fund.]In the meantime, I did enjoy the dozens of responses I received.While a few people made half-baked attempts to claim the money (nice try), more wrote in to ask for an update (here you are). Most, however, wanted to share their own stories of finding valuables and wrestling over what to do with them.These are their stories.The cross and the chainOn a Sunday afternoon about a dozen years ago, the Rev. Boniface Ramsey, of St. Joseph’s Church on the Upper East Side, was walking up First Avenue near the United Nations on his way to see his family.In the street, the priest found a small, diamond-studded gold cross. A block later, he found an accompanying gold chain. Father Ramsey was “thrilled” with the find, he said, until he showed it off to his mother and brother.“Their concern was entirely the person who lost it and what the loss must have meant to him or her,” Father Ramsey wrote. “Sheepish at this reaction, a day or two later I called the appropriate police precinct, where the officer on the line couldn’t have cared less.”The officer had made him feel stupid for even bringing it up, but Father Ramsey walked the same route the following two Sundays in search of posted signs about the missing items. He found nothing and still has the cross and chain to this day.“They are indeed the real thing,” he wrote. “A jeweler offered to buy the cross from me for $500, which I am told means that it is probably worth double that.”A $2,020 bundle of cashCaroline Hopkins, a 24-year-old journalism student at Columbia University, shared a column she wrote for class about finding a large sum of money on an Amtrak trip — and her disappointing experience trying to return it.The money, 20 $100 bills and a single $20 bill, had been left behind by a man who was her seatmate from New York to Philadelphia. She hadn’t noticed the cash until a passing conductor, assuming the money was hers, chastised Ms. Hopkins for leaving it out.After realizing what had happened, Ms. Hopkins chased down the conductor, who said she would meet her back at her seat. When the conductor returned with a colleague, Ms. Hopkins asked if they could look up her seatmate’s name. They took the money and asked what he looked like, so she described him: middle-aged, tall and black.“I saw it then,” she wrote in the essay. “A subtle side glance between the two conductors. Barely discernible eyebrow raises. They’d made the drug dealer assumption, I just knew it.”What if he was a musician who had just been paid for a set, she thought. “He could have been anything,” she wrote. Soon after, Ms. Hopkins departed the train, wondering whether the conductors would even try to find the man, having already written his story in their heads.‘The universe returned my $60’A few years ago, Kelli Butenko, a reader in Helena, Mont., lost $60 at a concert. When she called the venue the next day to see if it had turned up, the person on the phone laughed at her.In 2017, Ms. Butenko found herself at the other end of the situation. After finishing the New York City Marathon, she came across $60 in a discarded phone holder. She called the marathon office the next day and left a message reporting the find.“I got a return call from race personnel, again, laughing, telling me that no one would ever report missing cash, so just keep it, and congratulations on finishing the marathon,” she wrote in her email. “So, the universe returned my $60.”Instead of keeping it, Ms. Butenko exchanged the bills for 60 singles and distributed them to buskers and the homeless.“That part was such a fulfilling experience that, when we return to N.Y.C. in a few weeks, I plan to bring a bunch of singles for just that purpose,” she said.The value of a Picasso or a Ferrari typically rises in a strong economy, as do shares in a consumer staple like Procter & Gamble.But when the economy sours, those shares may be easier than the other possessions to shed. As wealthy collectors pull back on extravagances, investors could get stuck holding an asset they might have to unload at a loss.In 2012, when the market was roaring for passion assets — those in which you put money where your heart is — I wrote a series of columns on why people invested in things like vineyards, racehorses and sports teams.This time, I will look at five nontraditional asset classes that are popular with wealthy investors and with an eye on what to expect in a market downturn. Art is the first of five valuable but illiquid assets I plan to examine in the coming weeks. The others are cars, collectibles like wine and jewelry, private equity and real estate.Collecting fine art is as much about beauty and desirability as it about the investment value. Given how strong the art market has been over the past few years, many collectors may not be prepared if the economy slows and the appetite for art cools.Roy Sebag, a hedge fund analyst turned entrepreneur, has a collection that includes a drawing by Pablo Picasso and works by 17th-century Dutch masters. He said he took an objective view of his collection’s value: looking at both the art’s intrinsic value — how an artist’s work has appreciated — and its social currency.“It’s subjective,” but it still allows for analysis on historical pricing, said Mr. Sebag, founder of Goldmoney, a site for buying and selling precious metals, and co-founder of Mené, a jewelry line. “It isn’t a coincidence that Picasso is viewed by every high-net-worth individual as an asset they want to own.” There are supposedly 5,000 works by Picasso, he said, a stock large enough to build a network of interested parties.By his analysis, avoiding emerging artists and buying works of a well-known artist like Picasso, despite having to pay millions of dollars to do so, is like buying a hedge against recession. “We know trends change quickly,” he said.Such beliefs could be tested in the next few years.In 2018, works by the 100 top-selling artists, as measured by the market research firm Artprice, rose 4.3 percent in value, but the art market as a whole lost 1.9 percent. The company explained that buyers were becoming more demanding.“While happy to pay big money for rare and high-quality works with irreproachable provenance, they often ‘pass’ on other works,” its report said.In 2008, the art market was not immune to huge swings in value. Sales of postwar and contemporary art fell by more than two-thirds from 2008 to 2009, according to data collected by Athena Art Finance, which lends against art portfolios. It took until 2012 for sales to surpass pre-recession levels.To guard against seeing the value of an art collection plummet, dealers advise prudence and, not surprisingly, connoisseurship.If there is a lesson to be drawn from the recession, it is that buyers become more discerning in both the artists they favor and the price they will pay, said B. J. Topol, co-president of Topol Childs Art Advisory, which works on behalf of wealthy clients.“There’s a reshuffling in a recession,” she said. “The trendy artist of the time, people aren’t looking at him. People want to make sure they’re buying a known commodity and not taking risk.”Ms. Topol said she saw signs of a slowdown in the art market at the Art Basel international art fair in Miami Beach in December. Art wasn’t being snapped up in the first few minutes. Instead, buyers had a chance to digest what they were seeing and negotiate on price.Regardless of the climate, she advises not to buy on trends, yet she stops short of the adage to buy what you love. That could be financially disastrous.“If you combine your passion with an informed decision,” she said, “you’ll have something you love every day and maybe it goes up one day.”Other collectors amass idiosyncratic collections whose value is greater together than apart. Peeling off several pieces in a downturn could depress the value of the collection as a whole, said Jean Pigozzi, a venture capitalist and art collector.“I’m not at all like all the other hedge fund collectors,” said Mr. Pigozzi, who has amassed a significant collection of contemporary African art. “I’ve never collected thinking what I collect would be a good investment.”He said most of his pieces were not worth more than $100,000. Compare that with a work by Jean-Michel Basquiat, among the best-selling contemporary artists today. Mr. Pigozzi paid $1,000 for an artwork by Basquiat in 1982 and sold it last year for $3.2 million.What he has is a unique collection that is often included in museum shows and sought after by auction houses. In its totality, it offers a window into sub-Saharan art of the past 30 years.But Mr. Pigozzi knows selling it would be difficult without breaking it apart. Instead, he hopes to create a museum for it.Approaching art as a pure investment can be difficult, because values of an artist’s work can change substantially in ways not associated with typical capital markets investing.The value of works by Wifredo Lam, for instance, has doubled or even tripled in the last decade because of a reappraisal of his place in art history, said Isabelle Bscher, the third-generation owner of Galerie Gmurzynska, which has represented artists including Yves Klein, Joan Miró and Picasso.Lam, who died in 1982, was Cuban by birth and grouped with other Latin American artists at auctions, which drew a specific collector. But he was later seen as a modern artist, because he was a friend of Jackson Pollock, Willem de Kooning and other midcentury artists. As his artworks moved to more popular auctions, their value has doubled or tripled in a decade, Ms. Bscher said.A similar shift happened with Picasso about 15 years ago, she said. Collectors did not want to buy his work created after 1965, when the artist was in his 80s and seen as past his prime. At the time, the artworks were inexpensive, but they have since risen in value.Her advice: “If you buy the period of an artist that is not in fashion, you can make a great investment.”There are of course plenty of collectors with enough wealth to not really care about the short-term hit in value that the work on their walls may take. Hilary Geary Ross, an art collector and the wife of Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, said she had always loved the work of René Magritte, the Belgian surrealist, and began buying his work when she and Mr. Ross married in 2004.She has 36 pieces by Magritte, worth in excess of $100 million. They include famous works like “La Clairvoyance.” The billionaire couple have rarely sold any of their works, but Mrs. Ross said they did take advantage of the 2008 downturn to buy paintings.“People come to us with them, because they know we like them,” she said.In distressed markets, social concerns may keep some people from working with auction houses. They can try private sales — as happened with the Ross’s acquisitions in 2008 — to sell something quietly.But Ms. Topol said that even then, discerning collectors were going to drive a hard bargain. If that happens, she said, dealers and auction houses can step in to help. But her advice echoes that of others: Don’t sell art in a downturn unless other sources of liquidity have dried up.Mr. Sebag said that the art he owned had increased in value far more than other investments he had made, but that he would sell it only if he ceased to enjoy it.“I think art is something you purchase without an exit strategy,” Mr. Sebag said. “My idea of liquidity is in other investments.”Having those other buckets to draw from is important — otherwise, you could be forced to sell a prized work for less than you would want to when the economy sours.On a muggy afternoon in October 2017, Jamie Tillman walked into the public library in Corinth, Miss., and slumped down at one of the computers on the ground floor. In recent years, Tillman, who is slight and freckled, with reddish blond hair that she often wears piled atop her head, had been drifting from her hometown, Nashville — first to southern Tennessee, to be with a boyfriend and their infant son, and then, after she and the boyfriend split, across the state border to Corinth to look for work. The town, to Tillman, represented a chance for a turnaround. If she was able to get a part-time job at a big-box store, she could put a deposit on a rental apartment and see a psychiatrist for what she suspected was bipolar disorder. She could take steps toward regaining custody of her son from her boyfriend’s mother. “I needed to support myself,” she told me recently. But potential employers weren’t calling her back, and Tillman was exhausted. In the hushed calm of the library, she closed her eyes and fell asleep.When she awoke, a pair of uniformed police officers were standing over her. “I was terrified,” she recalled. “I couldn’t figure out what was happening.” (Library patrons had complained about her behavior.) Ignoring Tillman’s protests that she wasn’t drunk — she was just scared and tired, she remembers saying — the officers handcuffed her wrists behind her back and took her to the jail in Corinth to await a hearing on a misdemeanor charge of public intoxication. Five days later, clad in an orange jumpsuit, her wrists again cuffed, Tillman found herself sitting in the gallery of the local courthouse, staring up at the municipal judge, John C. Ross.Tillman did her best to stay calm. She had been arrested on misdemeanor charges before — most recently for drug possession — and in her experience, the court either provided defendants with a public defender or gave them the option to apply for a cash bond and return later for a second hearing. “But there was no lawyer in this courtroom,” Tillman says. “There was no one to help me.” Instead, one after another, the defendants were summoned to the bench to enter their pleas and exchange a few terse words with Ross, a white-haired, pink-cheeked Corinth native who dismissed most of them with the same four words: “Good luck to you.” Many of the defendants were being led back out the way they came, in the direction of the jail.Around 11 a.m., the judge read Tillman’s name. She stood. “Ms. Tillman, you’re here on a public drunk charge,” Ross said. “Do you admit that charge or deny it?”Tillman told me that she thought she had no choice but to plead guilty — it was unlikely, she believed, that the judge would take her word over that of the arresting officers. “I admit, your honor,” she said. “I just want to get me out of here as soon as possible.” Under Mississippi state law, public intoxication is punishable by a $100 fine or up to 30 days in jail. Ross opted for the maximum fine. Tillman began to cry.The Federal Reserve Board has estimated that 40 percent of Americans don’t have enough money in their bank accounts to cover an emergency expense of $400. Tillman didn’t even have $10. She couldn’t call her family for help. She was estranged from her father and from her mother, who had custody of Tillman’s two young daughters from a previous relationship.“I can’t — ” Tillman stammered to Ross. “I can’t — ”Ross explained the system in his court: For every day a defendant stayed in the Alcorn County jail, $25 was knocked off his or her fine. Tillman had been locked up for five days as she awaited her hearing, meaning she had accumulated a credit of $125 toward the overall fine of $255. (The extra $155 was a processing fee.) Her balance on the fine was now $130. Was Tillman able to produce that or call someone who could?“I can’t,” Tillman responded, so softly that the court recorder entered her response as “inaudible.” She tried to summon something more coherent, but it was too late: The bailiff was tugging at her sleeve. She would be returned to the jail until Oct. 14, she was informed, at which point Ross would consider the fine paid and the matter settled.That night, Tillman says, she conducted an informal poll of the 20 or so women in her pod at the Alcorn County jail. A majority, she says, were incarcerated for the same reason she was: an inability to pay a fine. Some had been languishing in jail for weeks. The inmates even had a phrase for it: “sitting it out.” Tillman’s face crumpled. “I thought, Because we’re poor, because we’re of a lower class, we aren’t allowed real freedom,” she recalled. “And it was the worst feeling in the world.”No government agency comprehensively tracks the extent of criminal-justice debt owed by poor defendants, but experts estimate that those fines and fees total tens of billions of dollars. That number is likely to grow in coming years, and significantly: National Public Radio, in a survey conducted with the Brennan Center for Justice and the National Center for State Courts, found that 48 states increased their civil and criminal court fees from 2010 to 2014. And because wealthy and middle-class Americans can typically afford either the initial fee or the services of an attorney, it will be the poor who shoulder the bulk of the burden.“You think about what we want to define us as Americans: equal opportunity, equal protection under the law,” Mitali Nagrecha, the director of Harvard’s National Criminal Justice Debt Initiative, told me. “But what we’re seeing in these situations is that not only are the poor in the United States treated differently than people with means, but that the courts are actually aggravating and perpetuating poverty.”Why they do so is in part a matter of economic reality: In areas hit by recession or falling tax revenue, fines and fees help pay the bills. (The costs of housing and feeding inmates can be subsidized by the state.) As the Fines and Fees Justice Center, an advocacy organization based in New York, has documented, financial penalties on the poor are now a leading source of revenue for municipalities around the country. In Alabama, for example, the Southern Poverty Law Center took up the case of a woman who was jailed for missing a court date related to an unpaid utility bill. In Oregon, courts have issued hefty fines to the parents of truant schoolchildren. Many counties around the country engage in civil forfeiture, the seizure of vehicles and cash from people suspected (but not necessarily proven in court) of having broken the law. In Louisiana, pretrial diversion laws empower the police to offer traffic offenders a choice: Pay up quickly, and the ticket won’t go on your record; fight the ticket in court, and you’ll face additional fees.[Read how thousands of innocent people are sent to jail only because they can’t afford to post bail.]“What we’ve seen in our research is that the mechanisms vary, depending on the region,” says Joanna Weiss, co-director of the Fines and Fees Justice Center. “But they have one thing in common: They use the justice system to wring revenue out of the poorest Americans — the people who can afford it the least.” Aside from taxes, she says, “criminal-justice debt is now a de facto way of funding a lot of American cities.”The jailing of poor defendants who cannot pay fines — a particularly insidious version of this revenue machine — has been ruled unconstitutional since a trio of Supreme Court cases spanning the 1970s and early 1980s. The first, Williams v. Illinois, involved a petty thief who was forced to remain in prison to pay off a fine, even after he had served his term. The second, Tate v. Short, hinged on a man in Texas named Preston Tate, who was assessed $425 in fines for several traffic violations. Because Tate couldn’t make the payments, a judge sentenced him to 85 days in jail — the amount of time it would take him, at a rate of $5 a day, to pay his entire fine. Tate took his case to the Supreme Court, which found that the punishment violated the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution, which requires that the government not discriminate on criteria like race or background. The court found that Tate was imprisoned “solely because of his indigency.”In a majority opinion for an analogous case from 1983, Bearden v. Georgia, in which a man received probation and a fine when he pleaded guilty to burglary and theft, Justice Sandra Day O’Connor called it “fundamentally unfair” to send him to prison for nonpayment without “considering whether adequate alternative methods of punish[ment]” — like community service or a payment plan — were available. To do otherwise was to deprive a person of his freedom simply because he happened to be poor.Still, decades after those cases were decided, the practice of jailing people who cannot pay persists, not least because Supreme Court decisions do not always make their way to local courts. “Precedent is one thing,” says Alec Karakatsanis, executive director of Civil Rights Corps, a Washington-based nonprofit. “The way a law is written is one thing. The way a law is actually experienced by poor people and people of color is another.”Moreover, Karakatsanis argues, jailing poor defendants has proved to be an effective way of raising money. By threatening a defendant with incarceration, a judge is often able to extract cash from a person’s family that might otherwise be difficult to touch. “A typical creditor,” he says, “can’t put you in a steel cage if you can’t come up with the money.”In 2010, the American Civil Liberties Union detailed evidence of what it calls “modern-day ‘debtors’ prisons’ ” — essentially, courts operating in the same way as Judge Ross’s in Corinth — in Georgia, Michigan, Louisiana, Ohio and Washington State. “If you spent a few weeks driving from coast to coast, you might not find similar policies in place in every single county,” Sam Brooke, the deputy legal director of the Southern Poverty Law Center’s economic-justice program, told me. “But every other county? Probably. This is a massive problem, and it’s not confined to the South. It’s national.”In 2014, in the wake of the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager named Michael Brown in Ferguson, Mo., President Barack Obama’s Justice Department opened two investigations into policing in the city. Among the findings, released the following spring, was evidence that the city had been routinely jailing residents for failure to pay criminal-justice-related debt and that “the court’s practices impose unnecessary harm, overwhelmingly on African-American individuals.” In 2016, the Justice Department issued what is known as a “dear colleague” letter, reminding courts that they are obligated to take into consideration a defendant’s financial standing before levying fines. Although not legally binding, the letter was met with approval from many civil rights activists, as was the willingness of states including New Hampshire and Illinois to proactively train judges and clerks on the pertinent legal precedents.The “dear colleague” letter, along with two dozen others, has since been rescinded by former Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who argued that his predecessors overstepped their bounds and that it should be left to Congress to arrive at solutions through legislation. “Last month, I ended the longstanding abuse of issuing rules by simply publishing a letter or posting a web page,” Sessions said in a statement in December 2017. Any guidance, he went on, that “improperly goes beyond what is provided for in statutes or regulation should not be given effect.”But Congress has been slow to act — no current major bill addresses the jailing of poor defendants. “At this point, I’m convinced that sunlight — a lot of it — is going to have to be the solution,” Brooke told me.In recent years, the Southern Poverty Law Center and other organizations, including the A.C.L.U. and Karakatsanis’s Civil Rights Corps, have been filing class-action lawsuits against dozens of courts across the South and Midwest and West, arguing that local courts, in jailing indigent defendants, are violating the Supreme Court rulings laid down in Williams, Tate and Bearden. The lawsuits work: As a settlement is negotiated, a judge typically agrees to stop jailing new inmates for unpaid fines or fees. “No one wants to admit they’ve knowingly acted in this manner,” says Brooke, who partnered with Karakatsanis on lawsuits in Alabama and filed several elsewhere in the South. “So they tend to settle quickly.” The trouble is locating the offending courts.In January 2017, two S.P.L.C. staff members, Micah West, a senior staff attorney, and Sara Wood, a senior paralegal, drove from the organization’s headquarters in Montgomery, Ala., to Southern Mississippi, to look into claims that the state was suspending — without due process — the licenses of thousands of residents for failure to pay overdue traffic tickets. For a couple of days, West and Wood made visits to various D.M.V.s and court offices. But even when they could get someone to talk to them, the clerk was sometimes unable or unwilling to share any details of individual suspensions. “Eventually, I was like, ‘All right, let’s save ourselves some time,’ ” West recalled. “So we got out a map, and we started calling every place on it.” One morning, his finger landed on the city of Corinth.A Municipal Court staff member picked up on the third ring. “Could you answer a question for me?” West asked the woman. “I’m wondering what would happen if I was unable to pay a speeding ticket. Would I lose my driving license?”“What do you mean?” she responded. And then: “You’d go to jail.”Corinth occupies an important place in Mississippi history. During the Civil War, the South lost two bloody battles trying to defend the rail lines that bisected the city, which Confederate leaders regarded as second only to Richmond, their capital, in terms of strategic importance. Today the rails remain, as do the battlefield and a handful of grand antebellum homes, but driving around the area, you get a sense that the place has been hollowed out. As of 2016, a quarter of the 14,600 residents, 70 percent of whom are white, lived at or below the federal poverty line (about $12,000 in annual income for an individual).Drug use is endemic — primarily opioids and methamphetamine. So, too, are the hallmarks of a specific kind of rural, Southern poverty: stray dogs in the streets, sun-blasted trailers that seem to be sinking back into the earth, yards occupied by rusting school buses and old sedans. “You grow up around here, and you have two options,” one resident told me. “You can either get the hell out, go on up to Tupelo or wherever. Or you stay and try to figure out a way to live without having the cops on you all the time. Which sure ain’t easy.”Corinth’s infrastructure runs so leanly as to be almost invisible: There are no public buses, and Alcorn County recently announced that it would stop funding the local railroad museum. Tax rates in Corinth have dropped slightly in recent years, while the percentage of revenue generated by criminal-justice-related debt has grown. According to the annual audit submitted by Corinth to the state, in fiscal year 2017, the year Jamie Tillman was arrested for public intoxication, general fund revenues for the city were just $10.8 million. Total revenue for the year was $20.3 million, half of which came from taxes; close to $7 million came from “intergovernmental revenue,” or grants and funds from the state and federal authorities. And approximately $623,000 came from what the city defines as “fines and forfeitures.”The Corinth city clerk declined to answer questions about the breakdown of the budget or how the revenue from fines compares with those of neighboring towns, referring questions to the city attorney, Wendell Trapp, who did not respond to emails seeking comment. But a report completed in 2017 by the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights offers some answers. Combing Census Bureau data and city audit documents, the commission noted that of nearly 4,600 American municipalities with populations above 5,000, the median received less than 1 percent of their revenue from fines and fees. But a sizable number of cities, like Doraville, Ga., or Saint Ann, Mo., a suburb of St. Louis, have reported fines-and-fees revenue amounting to 10 percent or more of total municipal income.Corinth’s revenue from fines in 2017 was 5.7 percent of its general fund revenues, putting it — if not quite at the Saint Ann level — at the high end when compared with the municipalities in the Commission on Civil Rights’s report. When I sent Joanna Weiss, of the Fines and Fees Justice Center, a copy of the 2017 Corinth audit, she noted that this would be dismaying enough in itself. “But you can also see,” she added, “that the biggest expenditure, by far, for the city of Corinth is public safety” — including court and police services, or the very people extracting the fines.In 2017, Micah West and Sara Wood of the S.P.L.C. drove to Corinth to open an investigation into the Municipal Court, with an eye toward later filing a lawsuit — the most effective way, they believed, to halt Judge John C. Ross’s jailing of low-income defendants. During court sessions, they would often walk down the hall to the clerk’s office, where defendants were permitted to use a landline phone to make a final plea for the cash that would set them free. The space amounted to an earthly purgatory: Secure the money, and you were saved. Fail, and you’d be sent to jail. “All around us, people would be crying or yelling, getting more and more desperate,” Wood recalled.That October, she watched a 59-year-old man named Kenneth Lindsey enter the office, his lean arms hanging lank by his side, his face gaunt and pale. Lindsey had been in court for driving with an expired registration, but he hadn’t been able to afford the fines: He was suffering from hepatitis C and liver cancer, and he had spent the very last of his savings on travel to Tupelo for a round of chemotherapy. Until his next state disability check arrived, he was broke. “Can you help?” Lindsey whispered into the phone.A few seconds of silence passed. “All right, then. Thanks anyway.”Finally, around 1:45 p.m., Lindsey managed to get through to his sister. She barely had $100 herself, but she promised to drive it over after her shift was through.Wood caught up with Lindsey in the parking lot later that day, and after identifying herself, asked if he would consider being interviewed by the S.P.L.C. “I don’t know,” Lindsey said, studying the ground. But soon enough, he called Wood to say he had changed his mind. “I’ve been paying these sons of bitches all my life,” he told her. “It’s time someone did something about it.”Traveling around Corinth, Wood found that nearly everyone she met had experience with the local courts or could refer her to someone who did. Soon her voice mail inbox filled with messages from people who wanted to share their stories. The callers were diverse in terms of age and race. They were black and white; they were young and old. But they shared with Kenneth Lindsey a precipitous relationship to rock-bottom poverty. If not completely destitute, they were close — a part-time job away from homelessness, a food-stamp card away from going hungry.There was the man who couldn’t read and hadn’t said a word until he was 5 years old. Not long after his 35th birthday, he was arrested for public drunkenness. When he got in touch with Wood, he had been in jail for three days, unable to decipher the charging documents filed against him or figure out a way to access his disability check — his lone source of income.There was the woman, Latonya James, with a daughter who had been intentionally scalded with boiling water by her stepmother as an infant; now a teenager ashamed of the scars that covered her chest and neck, the girl had stopped going to her high school. The city charged James, then living in a home without electricity or running water, with truancy, on her daughter’s behalf, and Judge Ross ordered her to pay $100 of the $163 fine or go to jail. (She managed to scrape together the money.)And there was Glenn Chastain, who owed $1,200 for expired vehicle tags — and, because he had missed one hearing, was denied the chance to pay a partial fine. Chastain spent 48 days at the Alcorn County Correctional Facility. He said he was in a unit occupied by accused rapists and murderers and was beaten by inmates until his ribs were bruised and his face was a mask of blood. He smiled to show me where one of his teeth had been knocked out. (Alcorn County authorities offered no comment on the fight.)Starting in October, with West in Corinth and his boss, Sam Brooke, in Montgomery, the S.P.L.C. set about drafting the lawsuit, which accused Ross of “wealth-based detention.” The Corinth court had done more than violate the Constitution, the attorneys wrote. It had broken state law, which says that “incarceration may be employed only after the court has conducted a hearing and examined the reasons for nonpayment and finds, on the record, that the defendant was not indigent or could have made payment but refused to do so.” Ross, they asserted, had never bothered to ask for that information.A few months ago, I found Kenneth Lindsey standing on the porch of his home in Corinth, dressed in faded jeans and a shirt that was mostly unbuttoned, exposing the thin gold chain around his neck. The house had belonged to his mother, he confessed, and he hadn’t messed around much with the decorating since she died — the place, a converted double-wide trailer, was full of old family photos. He plummeted into a reclining armchair with a sigh.Theoretically, he explained, his liver cancer was in remission, although he acknowledged he had no concrete proof. In the time since his first conversation with Wood, he had been back and forth to jail two more times, and he had been to the hospital in Tupelo just once. “I would estimate that I’ve spent a quarter of the last year behind bars,” he told me. Could he calculate exactly what he owed? “$10,000?” he responded. “$11,000?” The way he said it, it might as well have been a million dollars. “I ain’t never going to pay it down,” he said. “Never, ever. I’m going to be paying it down until I die.”Rummaging in his bedroom closet, he produced a cardboard box, which he upended onto his bed. A blizzard of documents spilled out: tickets and warnings and second warnings and court summons. I picked one up at random. It dated back to 2005. “Now you’re getting the idea,” Lindsey said.Nearly every one of Lindsey’s court fees related, in one way or another, to his vehicle: expired registration fees, expired driver’s licenses. He couldn’t pay for the right paperwork or pay down his fines, but he couldn’t stop driving either, because driving was how he got to the auto body shop where he picked up the odd shift. Hitchhiking scared him, and he didn’t want to bother his friends more than he had to. “My pride gets in my way a lot,” Lindsey told me. “They’re not embarrassed by you wanting their help, but you are.”We returned to the living room. Lindsey propped open the door. It wasn’t yet bug season; a fragrant breeze blew through the room. “Maybe they should investigate why they end up picking on the same damn people all the time,” he said. “Why is it us? Tell me that: Why is it us?”In early December 2017, the S.P.L.C. and the MacArthur Justice Center filed their lawsuit against Corinth. That same month, the city ordered the jail emptied of all inmates incarcerated for nonpayment of fines. “There was no explanation,” says Brian Howell, one of the lawsuit’s plaintiffs, who was then incarcerated, sitting out $1,250 in fines and court costs for three unpaid traffic tickets. “It was just, ‘All right, get up and go.’ ”Howell is 29, with watery blue eyes and freckled cheeks. Years ago, he was struck by a drunken driver while riding his motorcycle; he lost one leg and suffered extensive nerve and spinal damage. It is hard for him to walk, let alone play with his three children, without the aid of crutches. But the guards at the jail wouldn’t lend him a pair. Nor would they give him a ride home. The best they would offer was a lift across the street, to the gas station. From there, Howell began scooting on his buttocks along the side of the road, using his hands to haul himself forward. Soon his forearms were sore, his fingertips bloody. A police cruiser pulled up alongside him. “The guy looks over, and he just busts out laughing,” Howell recalled last spring. Howell is extremely soft-spoken, and when he told me what the cop said to him, I was certain I’d misheard. He repeated it more loudly: “He said, ‘Hell, I thought you was a damn dog.’ ”Later that day, as a rare early-spring snowstorm settled over Alcorn County, I drove across town to the modest home that serves as the offices and personal residence of Judge John C. Ross. The roads were empty, with all local schools and most local businesses shut, and as I pulled into Ross’s driveway, my rental car noisily skidded; by the time I’d shifted into park, the judge was at the door, a hand raised in greeting.“Come in, come in,” he said, without asking what I wanted. When I told him I was a reporter, he smiled broadly. “Well, you’ll have to stay at least until you’re all warmed up.”He led me down a hallway, past a framed drawing of the first Battle of Corinth — he found it in an old edition of Harper’s Weekly, he explained — and into the sun-washed living room that doubles as his office. On the shelves around us were history books and leather-bound novels by Hemingway. “I was an English major in college,” Ross said. He guided me to a chair. “Sit, sit, sit. Let’s talk.”Ross was not the only target of the lawsuit — the city of Corinth was named, too — and he had received specific instructions from attorneys not to directly discuss it. Still, there were things the judge felt he could say: Both entities, he said, had consented to put a temporary hold on the policy of jailing indigent defendants, and incarceration in many cases would be replaced with payment plans or community-service opportunities. “I intend to abide by that settlement,” he said.He spoke of his time at Ole Miss, his matriculation into the university’s law school and his decades in private practice. He talked about those decades in a way that made clear he regarded his more recent stint as a Municipal Court judge as something other than the crowning achievement of his legal career. But he had accepted it out of a sense of duty to the place he grew up. “Outside of school and an early job, I’ve never lived anywhere else but Corinth,” he said. “I love the people, and I love the place. And I don’t think I’ll ever leave.” He sometimes worked as an administrator for the cemetery across the street, and in retirement, that’s where he planned to spend some of his days.Ross was sitting with his back to a large picture window, and behind him, through the glass, wet snow was falling on the oak tree in his backyard. As politely as he had shown me in, he showed me out again — he and his friends had plans to visit New Orleans that weekend, and there was packing to be done. As I shook Ross’s hand, I was reminded of the taxonomy of municipal judges that Sam Brooke of the S.P.L.C. had laid out for me. “I’d split them into camps,” Brooke said. “The first are the ones that respect the law. The second are the vindictive ones, who see every defendant as a bad person in need of punishment. But the biggest group are judges who are part of the retail industry of processing a whole lot of people. They’re just doing what the judges before them did.”In July, a U.S. district judge finalized the temporary policy Corinth and the S.P.L.C. had agreed to regarding indigent defendants. “Nothing in this says poor people don’t have to obey the law or pay their fines,” Cliff Johnson of the MacArthur Justice Center told The Associated Press at the time. “They just get additional time to pay their fines and don’t have to go to jail because they’re poor.”In June, Ross announced his retirement; this fall, he was replaced on the municipal bench by Rebecca Phipps, a judge who worked for 40 years as an attorney in Corinth, and who was briefed on the terms of the settlement before accepting the job. After lobbying by the S.P.L.C. and the A.C.L.U., both houses of the State Legislature unanimously passed a bill prohibiting any resident from being jailed for a failure to pay either court costs or fines. The bill went into effect in July of last year.But the modest progress in Mississippi has not necessarily been mirrored in other states — in recent months, attorneys in Arkansas and Pennsylvania have filed lawsuits accusing a judge and the Commonwealth of facilitating “debtors’ prisons,” and in Missouri, Ferguson officials are still fighting a class-action suit first filed in 2015. In the few places where one aspect of the fines-and-fees apparatus has been eliminated, that does not mean poor residents are suddenly free of towering amounts of criminal-justice debt. Nor does it mean they will not continue to come in regular contact with law enforcement, which remains robustly subsidized even as other city services go underfunded. Kenneth Lindsey, for example, was arrested last spring for missing a hearing related to unpaid fines. The judge at the Alcorn County Justice Court sent him to jail for 12 days when he couldn’t pay.“They come out of jail with absolutely nothing but more problems, and then it just keeps on going and going, and it’s like they’re bound, and they feel like they can’t escape,” Andrea Hurst, Glenn Chastain’s girlfriend, told me about her boyfriend and others who find themselves in similar circumstances. “Their license gets taken, and hey, you get pulled over one day, because the cop knows you got no license, and then back to jail again. You just lost that job again.”Not long ago, I met Jamie Tillman for lunch at the Corinth Cracker Barrel. After leaving jail, she explained, she started staying in a friend’s trailer, but she and the friend had a falling out, and now she was back to drifting from one place to the next. A shelter for battered women down in Tupelo, the bedroom of an acquaintance, the streets, the forest. She looked wan and tired. Her hands fluttered as she spoke.“I’ve been waiting to get together enough money for some mood stabilizers,” she told me. “Because if I can get stable, I can start showing people that I’m fit to have my kid back. That I’m the person I know I can be.”She had a part-time job cleaning a couple of houses in the next town over, and a plan: She could use her birth certificate, the only official document she still possessed, to obtain a Social Security card, and with her Social Security card, she would be able to get a driver’s license and then a bank account. “I’ll pay off the rest of what I owe to the courts” — a few thousand dollars — “and then I can start saving like a real person,” she said.We walked out to the parking lot, so she could show me the entirety of her belongings, stored for now in a plastic laundry hamper in the back of a friend’s car: three changes of clothes, a hair dryer and various envelopes, many bearing the seal of the Alcorn County Court.As she dug through the hamper in search of her birth certificate, which she was now worried she had misplaced, a sheet of paper fluttered out. It was inscribed, in cursive, with a poem titled “Money,” by the American writer Richard Armour. Tillman couldn’t remember who gave it to her — she thought it might have been a friend from jail. Clearing her throat, she started to read aloud: “Workers earn it, spendthrifts burn it, bankers lend it.”Then she sighed and skipped to the last line: “I could use it.”It’s January and you’ve gone and done it: You’ve resolved to keep better track of your personal finances. But deep down, you’re not sure where to start. Sure, you can buy accounting software, sign up for a service or poke around your bank’s online offerings for money management. But don’t overlook what is probably the best option of all: a simple and free spreadsheet you make yourself.Never used spreadsheet software before and not quite sure what it does? Relax, using it to make a budget is easy, because someone has already done most of the work. Here’s how to get started.Step 1: Pick Your ProgramFirst, select an application that can create and edit spreadsheet files. Microsoft Excel has long been a core component of the Microsoft Office suite for Mac and Windows ($70 a year). If you don’t have it already, you can also find versions for Android and iOS or the free basic version that runs in a web browser.Other free or preinstalled spreadsheet programs may already be on your device. Google Sheets (for Android, iOS and web) and Apple’s Numbers software for iOS, macOS and web are two examples.If you don’t care for the offerings from Microsoft, Google or Apple, there are alternatives. Apache OpenOffice has a Calc spreadsheet program, as does LibreOffice, and both are free open-source suites that run on Windows, Mac and Linux systems. And there are plenty of other options in the app stores if you want to shop around.Step 2: Select a TemplateSpreadsheet programs for home computers have been around for 40 years, giving developers plenty of time to make them more intuitive. Most have a version of the “personal budget” template — with the spending categories, design and formulas already formatted. Take advantage of them. Just type over the sample numbers with your own information and the software does the math.Open your program of choice and look for the “Template” or “Project” gallery. Select the template that best matches your needs, like “Monthly Home Budget,” to create a new spreadsheet.Don’t see a template that suits you? With a quick search, you can find plenty more to download online, like the selection at BudgetsAreSexy.com, which has specialized templates for those aiming for early retirement, or recent college graduates. The Measure of a Plan personal finance site also has a detailed budget-tracking template that works in Microsoft Excel and Google Sheets. Online video tutorials and software guides can also help you build your own spreadsheets.Step 3: Enter Your Own NumbersOnce you open a template, you’ll see the boxes (called “cells” in spreadsheet lingo) to fill in your own numbers. Gather up pay stubs, bills, statements and any other forms that show what you made or spent that month.Enter the information into the designated place. Along with your salary, your pay stub should show the money taken out for things like taxes, retirement savings and health insurance. Add in monthly expenses, like phone, credit card and power bills; car loans; gas, insurance, rent and mortgage costs; gym fees; restaurant meals; and shopping sprees.Step 4: Check Your ResultsOnce you have all your numbers punched into the spreadsheet, you can see two things. First, you have a line-by-line accounting of your finances for the month.Second, most spreadsheet templates give you added totals in your columns for income and expenses, so you can see your cash flow in action. Some templates even include charts to help you better visualize your situation.Step 5: Keep Going or Move Up to a Specialized AppIf using a simple spreadsheet to record your monthly budget inspires you to keep tracking it over the year — or take even more control — you can move up to a dedicated tool that shows spending trends, provides financial coaching and offers tips.Wirecutter, a product review site owned by The New York Times, has a roundup of budgeting apps and tools to recommend, like the YNAB (You Need a Budget) service ($84 a year, but with a free trial period available); Mint.com and others are also reviewed.No doubt, being diligent and updating your chosen budgeting tool takes time and effort, but it pays off. Just think of it as a map to follow the money.WASHINGTON — Private donors put up $107 million to usher Donald J. Trump into office in style two years ago, and it is now clear just how enthusiastically his inaugural committee went to town with it.There was $10,000 for makeup for 20 aides at an evening inaugural event. There was another $30,000 in per diem payments to dozens of contract staff members, in addition to their fully covered hotel rooms, room service orders, plane tickets and taxi rides, including some to drop off laundry.The bill from the Trump International Hotel was more than $1.5 million. And there was a documentary, overseen by a close friend of Melania Trump’s, that was ultimately abandoned.The details of the expenditures, gleaned from interviews and from documents reviewed by The New York Times and not previously made public, show that the committee spent heavily on nearly every aspect of the events surrounding the inauguration.In 72 days, it laid out about $100 million, roughly twice as much or more than was raised by Barack Obama or George W. Bush for their first and second presidential inaugurations.The expansive spending reflected Mr. Trump’s desire to make a grand entrance, with roughly 20 events around Washington, people familiar with the events said. It also had the hallmarks of previous Trump efforts, such as the campaign, with some Trump-family friends circumventing existing chains of command.Disclosure of the spending details comes at a time when the inaugural committee is facing legal scrutiny over the donations that funded it.Inaugural committees are required to document every donation with the Federal Election Commission, and the Trump team’s reports are now under investigation by federal prosecutors in Manhattan and Brooklyn. Investigators are also looking into whether any foreign donations, which are illegal in the United States, were passed through Americans, and whether any donations went unrecorded, people familiar with the inquiries said.People involved with the committee have said that they vetted all donors, but that they could do only so much to prove someone’s money was their own. False statements to the Federal Election Commission can be a crime.The investigation by federal prosecutors in Manhattan was prompted at least partly by a recording that Mr. Trump’s former lawyer and fixer, Michael D. Cohen, made of a conversation he had with a central figure in the inaugural planning, Stephanie Winston Wolkoff, shortly after Mrs. Trump ended Ms. Winston Wolkoff’s role as an unpaid adviser to the first lady. Ms. Winston Wolkoff was dismissed after initial reports about the amount of money taken in by the entity she formed to help produce the inaugural.There is no indication of any investigation into the inaugural committee’s spending. For the most part, inaugural committees are free to spend the money they raise from private donations as they wish.The bulk of the money for the inaugural committee came from big corporations, like AT&T, Bank of America and Pfizer, and wealthy Republicans donors, like Sheldon G. Adelson and Andrew Beal.Given the short time frame between Election Day and Inauguration Day, inaugural committees cannot always seek out the lowest bidder. In the case of Mr. Trump’s inaugural, some staff members and major vendors were veterans of previous inaugurations.Much of the spending, while outsize, was mundane. Documents reviewed by The Times accounted for the entire $107 million raised for the inaugural, with most of the money going to payroll expenses and roughly 40 entities, the bulk of which were hotel chains and other vendors.Roughly $5 million went to charity, which organizers have noted is the most ever for an inaugural committee.But millions were written off in lost revenue. That included $6.4 million for blocks of hotel rooms booked for guests who ended up arranging their own accommodations. The Republican National Committee booked the excess hotel rooms before the inaugural staff was even formed, but the committee had to pony up when only half as many rooms were used as the party organization had expected.Another $1.2 million in revenue that the committee expected to recoup for a media center never materialized.Other arrangements by the inaugural committee also proved unusual.Ms. Winston Wolkoff, then a close friend of Mrs. Trump’s, was initially signed to a $1.6 million contract. Along with a friend, Jonathan Reynaga, she formed WIS Media Partners, a firm that oversaw broadcast rights for the inaugural events and worked on the documentary project featuring interviews with top inaugural committee officials.The idea was to sell the rights to a major distributor. The project was later abandoned, although the interview footage still exists, as do copies, according to three people familiar with the effort.WIS Media Partners became the inaugural committee’s top vendor, acting as a kind of general contractor and overseeing a series of events. It received nearly $26 million, much of which was paid out to other vendors.Steve Kerrigan, who was chief of staff for Mr. Obama’s first inaugural committee, said that the firm’s $1.6 million “supervisory fee” was the equivalent of “roughly one-fourth of what we paid our entire 450-person staff” in 2009. Even if Ms. Winston Wolkoff shared the fee among more than a dozen other top managers, as she and others say she did, the charge itself, Mr. Kerrigan said, was “outrageous.”Greg Jenkins, the executive director of Mr. Bush’s second inaugural, said, “I have never heard anybody getting that kind of fee associated with any inaugural, ever.”Ms. Winston Wolkoff often fought with other top aides, according to people with direct knowledge of events. She was known to threaten to have senior officials fired, at times brandishing a cellphone and saying she would text Mrs. Trump or Ivanka Trump, the president’s elder daughter, conveying a sense of authority that people later came to realize she did not have, three people with direct knowledge of the events said.A lawyer for Ms. Winston Wolkoff declined to comment.A spokesman for WIS Media Partners said all of the firm’s charges “were vetted, authorized and signed off on” by the committee’s top officials, including Thomas J. Barrack Jr., the committee’s chairman; Rick Gates, the deputy chairman; and Sara Armstrong, the chief executive.He said the firm’s fees were “significantly below” the customary charges “for equivalent productions,” and that officials provided the inaugural committee with “all its audited records and receipts.” He said the company could not reveal more because it is legally barred by the inaugural committee from discussing its work on the inaugural events.In a statement, Mr. Barrack said he continues “to be proud of the incredible work of all those that were part of the committee” and that it “complied with all laws and regulations, and its finances were fully audited internally and independently. The donors were fully vetted and disclosed to the Federal Election Commission as required.”Mr. Trump’s inaugural committee has come under scrutiny in the past for its high administrative and logistical costs. The new details help flesh out how the inaugural spent the money. Among the payments was more than $2 million spent on the firm of the Trump campaign official Brad Parscale for online advertisements to drum up inaugural crowds.Another $2.7 million was spent on flying in a performance group working with Steve Wynn, the casino magnate and friend of Mr. Trump.The Trump International Hotel was paid more than $1.5 million for services including the use of a ballroom, an “annex” and a space called the townhouse, according to records and people familiar with the payments.While two other hotels, the Willard and the Fairmont, collected as much or more, Mr. Trump’s hotel was also favored by vendors who billed their expenses directly to the committee.Over all, the Trump team’s spending appears “astronomical,” said Emmett S. Beliveau, who was chief executive of Mr. Obama’s first inaugural committee.Mr. Jenkins, who handled the Bush inaugural, said the scale of the Trump team’s spending “blows me away.”Ms. Winston Wolkoff and Mr. Reynaga brought in nearly three dozen staff members, some of whom flew in from Los Angeles or other cities and remained on the East Coast for weeks. WIS also helped bring in a New York-based party planner named David Monn, who refused to sign a contract, according to two people familiar with the arrangement. Mr. Monn charged the committee a total of $3.7 million, from which he paid subcontractors.Among other tasks, Ms. Winston Wolkoff and colleagues managed the 500-person black-tie dinner hosted by Mr. Barrack at the neo-Classical Andrew W. Mellon Auditorium and a 1,500-person “candlelight” dinner at Union Station. They decided the decorations were not elegant enough and needed to be enhanced.Mr. Monn spent $924,000 on seven-foot-high wreaths, moss-covered obelisks, flowers and other decorations to dress up Union Station. Makeup was provided for 20 staff members at a cost of $500 per person. For the dinner at the auditorium, table menus, table numbers and place cards, including an on-site calligrapher to correct last-minute mistakes, amounted to $91 per guest. Mr. Monn did not respond to repeated requests for comment on Monday.The handling of expenses for contractors like WIS Media Partners was also unusual. Mr. Kerrigan, who also served as chief executive of Mr. Obama’s second inaugural committee, said officials negotiated fixed-price contracts that limited how much vendors could charge for expenses.If a vendor’s staff member ran up a big room service bill, “that was on them,” said David Cusack, who was the executive director of the second committee. “They had a per diem, and they were supposed to eat on that.”For Mr. Bush’s second inaugural, too, vendors were required to build their expenses into their contracts, Mr. Jenkins said. He said his committee did not even hire vendors from outside the Washington area because “there was no need to.”The Trump inaugural committee covered not only a fixed per diem for the people brought in by WIS Media, but picked up expenses including room service, cab rides for assistants who dropped off laundry and an order of McDonald’s. All told, those expenses came to $227,511.In less than two months, WIS billed $31,000 for hotel rooms described as Mr. Reynaga’s, including nearly $18,000 for rooms at the Trump International Hotel, according to detailed expense documents reviewed by The Times. He also billed thousands of dollars for meals, room service and travel. On one day, he charged a $560 Amtrak train ticket from New York to Washington, plus a $251 first-class upgrade to meet with Mr. Barrack. That was followed by a $100 Uber ride the next day to “get to Tom’s plane,” the records show.The spokesman for WIS said WIS expenses were paid through business cards tied to a few senior officials of the firm, including Mr. Reynaga, meaning that Mr. Reynaga could have been paying for other employees’ costs.He also said staff members stayed at the Trump International Hotel “at the explicit direction” of inaugural committee officials. A former official of the inaugural committee denied that the WIS employees were required to stay at the Trump hotel.“Wait —” is a weekly newsletter that brings you fresh and frisky updates on things you 100% want to know. Please! Come and take a little journey with us, into a the silly or the serious.Sometimes the most interesting things are lurking in plain sight or sound, like the mysteries of glitter or the incidental music of reality television. Yes please, sign up right here.NEWCASTLE-UPON-TYNE, England — Bill Corcoran is in his usual spot, in the shadow of St. James’ Park, opposite Shearer’s bar, rattling his bucket, when a pack of a dozen Manchester United fans marches past.They are wearing black jackets, hoods raised to stave off the cold. Just as they reach Corcoran, they launch into a deeply unflattering, mildly profane chant about the man after whom the bar is named: Alan Shearer, favorite son of both Newcastle the city and Newcastle the team. A few home fans jeer in response. The heckling just makes the interlopers sing louder.Toward the tail of the group, one man spots Corcoran, and veers in his direction. He pulls his wallet from his pocket, and leafs through a fistful of green, orange and purple notes.“Who are you collecting for, mate?” he asks. His accent is broad Mancunian. “Newcastle fans’ food bank,” Corcoran replies, his vowels unmistakably North Eastern.The man pauses. He shuffles the bills, and chooses a purple £20. He slips it inside the bucket, and hurries after his group. He picks up the refrain effortlessly. He is back to taunting Shearer, and Newcastle, before Corcoran has even had a chance to thank him.Over the next hour or so, dozens of fans stop at the same spot. Some donate money. Some come bearing bags of groceries, filled to the brim with canned fruit and breakfast cereals and dried pasta, to be dropped off at the makeshift booth behind Corcoran.Today is not a special occasion: the same thing happens every time Newcastle plays at home. So acute is the hunger in Newcastle now, so intense is the demand, that Corcoran, and a handful of other volunteers, do this every two weeks.Everything they raise — and they have raised a lot, somewhere in the region of £200,000 ($258,000), they believe — is sent to the West End Food Bank, in one of Newcastle’s most deprived areas. It is the largest institution of its kind in Britain. “We can’t have people in this city starving,” Corcoran said. “It is a badge of shame.”That dire state of affairs is not, though, unique to Newcastle. The demand for food banks in Britain has soared in recent years: the Trussell Trust, which runs more than 400 such programs, said it distributed some 1.3 million food parcels from its centers in the fiscal year ending in March, an increase of 13 percent.The spike, the charity’s chief executive, Emma Revie, said last year, can be attributed to the fact that too many people do not have “enough money coming in to cover the rising cost of absolute essentials like food and housing.”Earlier this month, the government’s Environmental Audit Committee warned lawmakers that more than two million people in Britain could be considered “food insecure,” meaning they struggle to eat regularly and healthily. Philip Alston, the United Nations’ special rapporteur for extreme poverty and human rights, described the problem as a “social calamity” on a fact-finding mission to Britain last year.And so, across the country, the same thing has happened: soccer, and in particular its fans, has stepped into the breach. Newcastle’s is not the only food drive; Corcoran and his colleagues said they took their inspiration from a similar initiative that started in Liverpool in 2015. Celtic fans have been running one in Glasgow for years. In recent months, fans in Manchester, Sunderland and London — among others — have done the same.In front of stadiums filled with multimillionaire superstars,  fans have taken it upon themselves to help those who need it most.“I like to feel I am doing my bit to give something back,” said Sandra Farn, as she dropped off a donation at the booth behind Corcoran. She and her son, Alex, drive the two hours from Nottingham for every Newcastle home match. They stop at a supermarket first, and load up. That, now, is part of the ritual of going to a game.Jonathan Yaseen comes to Newcastle games with his 15-year-old son, Zain, but also, usually, only after stopping at a local store for rice, cookies and canned fish. “He has asked me before why we are having to do this,” Yaseen said. “It is hard to explain.” John McCorry, the chief executive of the West End food bank,  believes there has been a surge in demand for his organization’s services in the years since Britain’s Conservative government introduced a trial version of its Universal Credit welfare system in Newcastle in 2015.The program rolls a number of social security payments into one benefit, but claimants face a five-week wait to receive their money while their application is assessed. Others in need, McCorry said, have been cut out by technology: Universal Credit must be applied for online, and not all of those who seek it have internet access. “These policies have been designed by people who have no experience of the realities of life for those who are affected by them,” he said.The new system was designed to replace its “complex, outdated and wildly expensive” predecessor, as Iain Duncan Smith, a Conservative lawmaker, said when it was launched. His colleague Esther McVey has said it helps move more people into employment, and remain in work longer, than the previous approach. In his report, however, Alston, the U.N. rapporteur, described some of the government’s social security policies as “punitive, meanspirited and often callous.”If Universal Credit helped provide the impetus that sparked Corcoran and others into action, Liverpool offered the blueprint for how to help. Fans Supporting Foodbanks had been created in 2015 by fans of Liverpool and Everton, troubled by the sight of long lines for a local food bank and reports that it was struggling to cope with the demand, according to Dave Kelly, one of the founders.Kelly — an Everton fan — and Ian Byrne, a Liverpool supporter, had been part of a campaign to persuade the Premier League to cap prices on away tickets, and its success had convinced them that fans possessed an untapped power if they acted in unison. “It’s really important to take that tribal element out of it,” Kelly said.They promote their work under the slogan “Hunger Doesn’t Wear Club Colors;” their volunteers collect food before every home game in the city, whether at Anfield, the home of Liverpool, or Everton’s Goodison Park.“The first game we collected food, we were standing outside the Winslow Pub opposite Goodison, and donations were going into a wheelie bin,” Kelly said. “Now, we have the logistics in place to transport food and store it at warehouses. Everything we do is audited. The amount it has grown is incredible.”The program’s reach has extended, too. Samuel Spong, a fan of the southeast London club Charlton Athletic who had read about the work Fans Supporting Foodbanks were doing, wondered if it could be replicated in his city. Encouraged by Kelly, he ran a food drive before a game last year. “The food bank was overwhelmed by how much we raised,” Spong said.All of those running the food drives are quick to praise their clubs for their support. Corcoran and the others have been granted, effectively, a permanent permit to fund-raise outside Newcastle’s stadium on match days. Players have volunteered at the food bank, too. There have been publicity drives and, perhaps more powerful still, private donations. Rafael Benítez, the club’s manager, has been a vocal backer of the work the food banks do, even visiting the volunteers immediately before games.On Merseyside, Peter Moore — Liverpool’s chief executive — paid for the van that Fans Supporting Foodbanks uses to transport its donations. At Christmas, Liverpool’s captain, Jordan Henderson, invited volunteers to Anfield for a meal to say thank you for their efforts. Charlton Athletic sent players to assist at the Greenwich Food Bank to publicize Spong’s initiative.The bulk of the work, though, is done by the fans.To Spong, fans have long possessed a natural political activism. “We have seen at Charlton that people will protest a bad owner relentlessly,” he said. “Or come together when ticket prices are too high.” That activism can be harnessed, he said, “if you take the issue of the indecency of the existence of food banks to a space where people do not normally think about it.”Mostly, though, it is something much more obvious. The Premier League — all soccer, in fact — may now be a global enterprise, but the teams that comprise it remain, at heart, not just representative of but rooted in the local. “Football teams are about a place,” Corcoran said, as fans buzzed past him on their way into St. James’ Park. “Increasingly, they’re the only thing cities like this have. Newcastle used to have the shipyards, the mining. They have even taken Newcastle Brown Ale away. They don’t brew it here any more. Now it is just the team. Teams symbolize cities in a way that nothing else does.” [What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]In testimony before Congress this week, Michael Cohen cast himself as a central figure in schemes that could threaten the presidency of Donald J. Trump.But Mr. Cohen said he didn’t work alone, unexpectedly mentioning by name the involvement of another member of Mr. Trump’s inner circle, Allen Weisselberg, more than 20 times. The revelations are set to intensify the scrutiny on Mr. Weisselberg, Mr. Trump’s unassuming 71-year-old chief financial officer, who already is a focus for federal prosecutors in New York.On Wednesday, Mr. Cohen specifically identified Mr. Weisselberg as helping mastermind a strategy to mask reimbursements to Mr. Cohen for his payment to Stormy Daniels, the pornographic film actress who said she had an affair with Mr. Trump.Representative Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Reform, said after Wednesday’s hearing that he “probably will” want to call additional witnesses, including Mr. Weisselberg, to gather additional evidence about the hush-money payment.A Democratic official said that the House Intelligence Committee anticipates calling Mr. Weisselberg to testify, as well.Mr. Cohen said in the hearing that the payment was ordered by Mr. Trump, which violated campaign finance laws because it was intended to buy Ms. Daniels’s silence so that she could not hurt Mr. Trump’s prospects right before the election.Mr. Cohen said he had paid Ms. Daniels with his own money, and then was repaid by the Trump Organization.“Allen Weisselberg made the decision that it should be paid over the 12 months so that it would look like a retainer,” Mr. Cohen told lawmakers, describing how reimbursements were made monthly.Mr. Cohen submitted to Congress a copy of a $35,000 check — labeled exhibit 5b — that he said was one of those monthly payments.It was signed by Mr. Weisselberg and Donald Trump Jr.Mr. Weisselberg declined to comment through his lawyers. But it is clear why lawmakers and investigators might home in on him as they examine the Trump Organization’s finances.After Mr. Cohen pleaded guilty to campaign finance fraud and other crimes in August, federal prosecutors in Manhattan began focusing on what role the Trump Organization and its executives, including Mr. Weisselberg, played in the campaign finance scheme, according to people briefed on the matter.As part of the investigation, Mr. Weisselberg was granted limited immunity to testify before a federal grand jury last year. But there has been no indication that he has cooperated with prosecutors.Mr. Weisselberg, an accountant, began his career doing the books for Mr. Trump’s father in a dingy building in Brooklyn. For decades, he has represented Mr. Trump on paperwork for everything from complex real estate deals to the operations of the antique carousel in Central Park, which the Trump Organization runs.In 2015, a lawyer representing students who alleged they were defrauded by Mr. Trump’s education venture, Trump University, questioned Mr. Weisselberg during a deposition, describing him as “Mr. Trump’s eyes and ears for his investments.”Mr. Weisselberg replied, “Am I his eyes and ears? From an economic standpoint,” court records show. In 2016, Mr. Trump settled the case for $25 million.Corey Lewandowski, a former Trump campaign official, wrote in a book that he co-authored, “Let Trump Be Trump” that Mr. Weisselberg “knows of every dime that leaves the building.”Aside from Mr. Weisselberg, several other Trump associates may now be asked to testify before the House in the wake of Mr. Cohen’s hearing, including three executives at the Trump Organization: Matthew Calamari, Alan Garten and Ronald C. Lieberman.But Mr. Cummings said the committee would have to proceed carefully to avoid interfering with the investigation by federal prosecutors in the special counsel’s office and the United States attorney’s office in Manhattan.Still in an indication of what may come, Mr. Cummings has sent letters to two lawyers he said were involved in preparing Mr. Trump’s federal financial disclosure filing, which originally omitted payments he made to reimburse Mr. Cohen for the payment to Ms. Daniels.The letters requested that the lawyers, Sheri A. Dillon and Stefan C. Passantino, appear for interviews with the committee in March.Ms. Dillon is a tax lawyer who represents Mr. Trump. Mr. Passantino was a deputy White House counsel at the time focused on ethics, but has since left and now advises the Trump Organization on how to deal with House investigations.Mr. Weisselberg has previously been questioned under oath, in a lawsuit filed last year by the New York attorney general against the Trump Foundation, Mr. Trump’s charitable organization, where he served as treasurer. In late December, the foundation was dissolved after the attorney general accused it of fraud.The United States attorney’s office in Manhattan and the New York attorney general’s office declined to comment.Mr. Weisselberg’s involvement in the hush money payments to women first surfaced last year, when federal prosecutors seized recordings from Mr. Cohen’s office. On one of the recordings, Mr. Cohen was heard saying, “I’ve spoken to Allen Weisselberg about how to set the whole thing up.”For his part, Mr. Trump has expressed confidence that Mr. Weisselberg will not turn on the president.“100 percent he didn’t,” Mr. Trump told reporters for Bloomberg when asked last year whether Mr. Weisselberg had betrayed him. “He’s a wonderful guy.”Others are not so certain.“I am sure Allen does not want to hurt Donald, I am sure there is an affection there,” said Barbara Res, a former executive with the Trump Organization who is a critic of the president. “But he’s in a terrible position — and Donald put him there.”One secret to Mr. Weisselberg’s lifelong career with the Trump family is his earthy modesty, according to friends and biographers of Mr. Trump. He wears dark, unflashy suits and cultivates a salt-and-pepper mustache. He still shows up to his desk in Trump Tower every day, watching over the organization’s finances.“He did whatever was necessary to protect the bottom line,” Mr. Trump wrote about Mr. Weisselberg in his book “Think Like a Billionaire.”As a child in Brownsville, Brooklyn, Mr. Weisselberg played punchball until dark and rode the city bus to school for 15 cents. In “The Aurora,” the green, clothbound yearbook of the Thomas Jefferson High School class of 1965, he appears as a cowlicked teenage boy, and names his dream profession: accountant.President Trump’s father made that dream come true: In 1973 he hired Mr. Weisselberg to do his accounting at an office in Gravesend, Brooklyn.Mr. Weisselberg never lost his Brownsville humility, even as his employer lavished him with things like private jet rides to the pool at Mar-a-Lago and at least one advantageous real estate deal.“He is the embodiment of an accountant,” said Gwenda Blair, who interviewed Mr. Weisselberg for her 2000 book, “The Trumps.”Mr. Weisselberg’s lifestyle has remained modest, even as he rose to an office on the 26th floor of Trump Tower.He lived in a ranch-style house in Wantagh, Long Island with his wife of nearly 50 years, Hilary, before selling it in 2013 for $468,000. In 2002, they spent $282,000 for a vacation property — a low-slung house that backs up to a lagoon in Boynton Beach, Fla.Most recently, the Weisselbergs rented an apartment in a Trump-branded building on Riverside Boulevard. (In 2016, over 800 residents voted to strip the Trump name from its facade.)Mr. Weisselberg’s loyalty has been well-compensated, and his whole family has benefited from the relationship with Mr. Trump.One of Mr. Weisselberg’s sons, Barry, has been the property manager of Trump Wollman Rink for the past 17 years, according to his LinkedIn profile. There, he once hosted Hanukkah on Ice, dialing up his dad and putting him on speaker phone so he could hear the holiday songs. Barry Weisselberg declined to comment.Mr. Weisselberg’s other son, Jack, works at Ladder Capital, a real estate investment trust that is one of the Trump Organization’s biggest creditors.Jack has benefited in other ways: In 2000, his father purchased a one-bedroom apartment in the Trump Parc East building overlooking Central Park. It cost $152,500, which appears to have been purchased profoundly under market value, according to property records. He transferred the deed to his son Jack, according to property records, who flipped it for more than four times the original price in 2006.Jack Weisselberg did not respond to email or phone messages.Aside from an awkward cameo on the second season of Mr. Trump’s television show, “The Apprentice,” Mr. Weisselberg has until recently stayed out of the limelight, focusing on serving his boss.In his books and in interviews, the president has described Mr. Weisselberg as his go-to man, whether it was to help pick carpet swatches for a development, or to strong-arm firms with which he contracted.In Mr. Cohen’s testimony on Wednesday, Mr. Trump’s reliance on his C.F.O. was on display. When it came to paying back his fixer for the hush money, Mr. Cohen said the president turned to Mr. Weisselberg.“He acknowledged to Allen that he was going to pay the $130,000,” Mr. Cohen said, “And that Allen and I should go back to his office and figure out how to do it.”Neil and Kathinka McKeown’s home in Calaveras County, Calif., burned down in a 2015 wildfire that regulators believe started when a power line made contact with a tree. Late last year, they thought they were finally close to rebuilding after reaching a seven-figure settlement with Pacific Gas & Electric, whose line was involved.But PG&E never sent the money, and because the company filed for bankruptcy protection in January, the couple will have to wait even longer. The McKeowns cannot expect payments until PG&E emerges from bankruptcy, something that may not happen for at least two years, according to legal experts. “It’s been devastating,” said Mr. McKeown, a consultant who works on renewable energy systems. “It’s like the fire happened all over again. We were looking forward to resolving everything.”And while they wait, the bankruptcy may at times put the McKeowns and other wildfire victims in conflict with PG&E and other parties with claims against the company.The McKeowns had insurance, but the proceeds were used to pay off the mortgage on their destroyed home. They had counted on the settlement with PG&E to finance a new one. (The couple’s lawyer said the terms barred them from disclosing the exact amount of the payout.) In the meantime, they are living with their two children in a 400-square-foot trailer.Their predicament highlights how corporate bankruptcies can leave some parties at a big disadvantage. Parties owed money by a company before it files for bankruptcy, like the wildfire victims, will have to wait until the bankruptcy proceedings are complete, and ultimately may get only a portion of what they hope to collect. By contrast, employees of the company, or anyone doing business with it while it is being reorganized, can expect to be paid. That divide became even starker in recent days. PG&E filed a motion last week asking the bankruptcy court in San Francisco to approve the payment of $235 million in employee cash bonuses this year. After a series of deadly wildfires in 2018, the company decided not to pay its bonuses for the year. But PG&E says it wants to pay bonuses this year to ensure that employees remain motivated to achieve its operational and financial goals. Bankruptcy experts say the judge, Dennis Montali, will almost certainly approve bonuses in some form. “In general, courts are extremely deferential to managers who say they need to pay bonuses,” said Jared A. Ellias, a professor at the University of California’s Hastings College of the Law.At the end of last year, PG&E had $77 billion in assets and $64 billion in liabilities, including $14 billion in wildfire claims. But the figures on the liability side continue to grow. PG&E has estimated that it faces wildfire claims of at least $30 billion, a sum that reflects the devastating fires of 2017 and 2018. Among them was the Camp Fire, the deadliest in state history, which killed at least 85 people in November. PG&E said last month that its equipment had probably caused the fire, making the utility liable for property damage under state law even if it was not negligent.There is widespread sympathy for the wildfire victims in California. Gov. Gavin Newsom has asked the bankruptcy court to give strong representation to the victims. But even if PG&E offered to make payments to some wildfire victims, other parties with claims might successfully block such a move. Legal scholars struggled to think of any large bankruptcy case in which individuals’ claims were paid before others. “All these fire victim claims are unsecured claims,” said Kenneth Ayotte, a law professor at the University of California, Berkeley. The wildfire victims have an organized voice in the proceedings through an official committee set up last month. Another committee represents other unsecured creditors, including investors, contractors, union members and wholesale power suppliers. Though the committees have equal standing in the court, the groups may not always want the same thing.The company’s bonus plan has become an early focus of the competing interests. Lawyers for the victims’ committee filed a brief this week urging the court to reject the proposal. “Implementing effective and proven safety measures should be the paramount focus of the company, not seeking discretionary bonus payments triggered by PG&E’s own vague interpretation of protecting public safety,” they argued. But employees contend that the bonuses are not excessive and say they rely on the payments for basic needs. John Mader, an engineer and union official who joined PG&E 21 years ago, said losing the 2018 bonus translated into a 10 percent pay cut for him and other union members. A similar reduction this year, he said, would mean some employees would not be able to pay for items like child care. Another concern is that PG&E might lose employees to other utilities, making it harder for the company to meet crucial goals. “It’s in the interest of the people of California to operate this business,” said Mr. Mader, president of the Engineers and Scientists of California Local 20, which represents 1,200 PG&E employees. “If you’re going to confiscate their pay for performance, which is an industry standard, it’s going to have an effect.”Judge Montali is expected to approve the bonuses in some form, long before other issues are settled. But the judge may balk at the compensation package if he concludes that it is overly generous or its performance targets are too easy to meet. “They can’t be layups,” said Robert K. Rasmussen, a law professor at the University of Southern California. “I am sure he’s going to make sure these things are designed in the right way.”Certain features of the bonus package, known officially as the short-term incentive plan, may get particular scrutiny. The $235 million budgeted for the 2019 bonuses is 81 percent more than the $130 million that the company had sought to pay out for 2018 before withdrawing the proposal. In addition, the company wants to pay out the bonuses each quarter, rather than annually. The change may make it easier to hit performance targets, which include goals related to safety and financial results. And while the company is not paying long-term stock awards this year, it is proposing that half of that compensation be paid out as cash bonuses. Pertinently, the bonuses are shielded from many of the costs of wildfires. PG&E intends for 40 percent of the bonus to be determined by a financial benchmark known as earnings from operations, up from 25 percent last year. The calculation excludes many expenses that are not considered core to the company’s operations, including the claims relating to recent wildfires. Matt Nauman, a PG&E spokesman, declined to say whether the 2019 plan would also exclude the wildfire costs.Lauren Hepler contributed reporting.Nonprofit hospitals across the United States are seeking donations from the people who rely on them most: their patients.Many hospitals conduct nightly wealth screenings — using software that culls public data such as property records, contributions to political campaigns and other charities — to gauge which patients are most likely to be the source of large donations.Those who seem promising targets for fund-raising may receive a visit from a hospital executive in their rooms, as well as extra amenities like a bathrobe or a nicer waiting area for their families.Some hospitals train doctors and nurses to identify patients who have expressed gratitude for their care, and then put the patients in touch with staff fund-raisers.These various tactics, part of a strategy known as “grateful patient programs,” make some people uncomfortable. “Wealth screenings strike me as unseemly but not illegal or unethical,” said Arthur Caplan, a bioethicist at the New York University School of Medicine.Mark Rothstein, a bioethics professor at the University of Louisville, said, “Getting physicians involved in philanthropy is something fraught with danger.” He added that it could make patients worry that their care might be affected by whether they made a donation.Despite such concerns, these practices are becoming commonplace, particularly among the largest nonprofit hospitals. A 2016 survey of 108 hospitals found that 68 had grateful patient programs, according to the Advisory Board, a consulting firm.“In the last 10 years we’ve seen a pretty dramatic uptick in strategic attention in the formation of these programs,” said Nicholas Cericola, a senior consultant with the firm.Large hospitals that say they screen patients’ wealth include those run by MedStar Health in Columbia, Md.; the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore; Cedars-Sinai in Los Angeles; and NYU Langone Medical Center in New York.Donations from patients and their families supplement income streams from private and public insurance programs as well as money raised through traditional methods like charity golf tournaments, dinners or gala balls.“It’s a way to get money to the hospital’s bottom line like nothing else they are doing,” said Bill Tedesco, chief executive officer of DonorSearch, a Maryland company that supplies hospitals with software that helps them conduct wealth screenings.Patients and their families were responsible for two-thirds of the $34 million donated to the Sharp HealthCare hospital system in San Diego last year, said Bill Littlejohn, chief executive officer of the system’s fund-raising foundation.Wealth screening and the participation of the hospital’s doctors are crucial, Mr. Littlejohn said. Sharp screens up to 400 patients each night, he said, and adds about 10 to 20 to its database of potential donors.When he approaches wealthy patients in the hospital, they are unlikely to know that they were selected with the aid of the wealth screening, Mr. Littlejohn said.“I’m not asking them for money, but I tell them we appreciate them choosing Sharp and hope they have a wonderful experience,” he said. “I use this as a get-to-know-you opportunity and let them know Sharp is a nonprofit and philanthropic-supported institution.”Mr. Littlejohn estimates that doctors prompted 20 percent of patient donations through conversations with their own patients. The practice has helped Sharp triple its annual fund-raising totals from a decade ago, he said.Nationwide, donations to hospitals exceeded $10.4 billion in 2017, up from $6 billion in 2004, according to the Association for Healthcare Philanthropy.“Grateful patients have always been there, but we did not always do as good a job of inviting them to be part of our missions as we are now doing,” Alice Ayres, the trade group’s chief executive officer, said. She attributed the increased fund-raising to grateful patients programs as well as to a shift away from event-driven efforts, a focus on larger gifts and overall economic growth in the United States.A 2013 change in federal health privacy law made it easier for hospitals to target their patients for donations. It enabled hospital records departments to share with staff fund-raisers some personal details of patients, including their health insurance status, the department treating them, the name of their physician and the outcome of their care.When patients are admitted, they typically sign a raft of papers that include permission for the hospital to use this information for fund-raising. While the 2013 law required hospitals to inform patients that they could decline to be solicited by fund-raisers, few patients are aware of this, said Deven McGraw, a former deputy director of health information privacy at the federal Department of Health and Human Services. And, she said, few appear to realize that their wealth may be assessed for fund-raising.Many hospitals send solicitation letters to all of their insured patients, including those with little desire — or ability — to make donations.St. Clair Hospital in Pittsburgh treated Marcy Grupp in its emergency room for three hours in May for a painful kidney stone, providing a computerized tomography scan, among other tests. Medicare paid the bill.A month later, the hospital sent Ms. Grupp, a retired television engineer, a letter asking for a donation to honor a doctor or other caregiver. “We encourage you to please consider honoring their efforts with a ‘gift of gratitude,’ by making a donation to St. Clair Hospital,” the letter said.Ms. Grupp, 66, said she wasn’t rich, and was disturbed by the letter.“I kind of resent it,” she said. “I don’t think they need the money.” The hospital last year reported nearly $48 million in net income and paid its chief executive officer $1 million.“I thought the care I got was good and the doctors I had were good, but I don’t see why I need to pay in addition to what I’ve already paid,” Ms. Grupp said. St. Clair executives declined to comment.Dr. Patricia Lech, a retired surgeon, underwent a successful joint replacement operation at New England Baptist Hospital in Boston in August 2017. Several months later, she received a letter from the hospital asking her to make a donation to honor one of her doctors.Dr. Lech, 58, said the letter had left the impression that her doctor would directly benefit from the donation, which was not the case. “I did not like the implication that doctors would get rewarded when they really aren’t,” she said.Morgan Herman, vice president of philanthropy at New England Baptist, acknowledged that the hospital solicited former patients but said that did not affect patient care. “There is no connection,” she said.Many doctors are uneasy about being asked to help raise money from their patients, studies show.“It makes doctors very uncomfortable for a lot of reasons — No. 1 is that the doctor is there to see the patient for a problem they have and not to ask the patient for money,” said Dr. Rosalyn Stewart, an internist at Johns Hopkins who has researched physician attitudes at Hopkins toward the practice.She said she worried that if a wealthy patient made a large donation, doctors would feel obligated to treat them differently, perhaps by returning their calls more quickly.“I feel like the risk is we are setting up a two-tiered health care system — one for wealthy patients and one for everyone else,” Dr. Stewart said.While wealth screenings have been used for decades for fund-raising by universities and other nonprofits, ethicists said they raised different concerns for hospitals.“Needing health care is different than choosing to go to college or going to the opera,” said Nancy Berlinger, a bioethicist with the Hastings Center, a think tank in Garrison, N.Y. “When you are sick, you need a trusting relationship to be formed and focused on your health. There is a vulnerability there that is not present in other nonprofits.”Dr. Frederick Finelli, a surgeon and the vice president of medical affairs at MedStar Health’s Montgomery Medical Center in Maryland, said that while he used to feel uncertain about fund-raising, he now saw it as part of the healing process.“When someone says ‘Thanks’ to me, it feels incomplete for me to just tell them, ‘No problem’ or ‘I was just doing my job,’” he said. “Talking to patients about philanthropic or volunteer needs is good for patients.”Some patients say they are happy that they were asked for money.For example, Martin Faga, 77, was treated at Inova Fairfax Hospital in Virginia last year for serious heart problems. A retired president of Mitre, a large nonprofit federal contactor, Mr. Faga repeatedly praised his bedside nurses for their care, he said.When one of those nurses sent an email about this to Mary Myers, a hospital fund-raiser, she visited Mr. Faga’s room to chat about the role of philanthropy and arranged to meet him at his home a few weeks later, Ms. Myers said.Mr. Faga wasn’t initially interested in making a large donation, he said, because he didn’t believe that the nonprofit health system — the largest in Northern Virginia, with five hospitals and $3 billion in annual revenue in 2016 — needed the money. But he said he had changed his mind after Ms. Myers told him that such donations were essential for staff training and buying equipment, and has donated $200,000 to the hospital.“I would still have been in the small-donation category of a couple hundred dollars if not for Mary and the educational process,” he said.SAN FRANCISCO — Paul Chou was among the many Bitcoin aficionados who thought big Wall Street institutions were about to become heavy hitters in the cryptocurrency markets.Mr. Chou came from one of those institutions, Goldman Sachs, and created a cryptocurrency exchange, LedgerX, that would cater to big investors with sophisticated financial contracts.Now, in the wake of last year’s Bitcoin crash, Mr. Chou is being forced to confront how few of the big finance companies acted on their cryptocurrency plans.“It was definitely part of the original plan that institutions would be a big part of this market,” he said. “We were wrong.”Goldman Sachs said it was opening a Bitcoin trading operation to serve clients. A year later, customer interest has been weak, and the bank has not received regulatory approval to buy and hold actual Bitcoins for customers, according to a person familiar with the operation, who was not authorized to comment on it publicly and spoke on the condition of anonymity.The parent company of the New York Stock Exchange has been forced to delay the opening of the cryptocurrency exchange it announced last year, and there is still no clear sign of when it will get the approval needed from regulators. The exchange declined to comment.And the Chicago Board Options Exchange said last month that it was going to stop offering a Bitcoin trading contract that it started with great fanfare in late 2017.The faltering efforts among big financial outfits are part of a retrenchment in the cryptocurrency industry after last year’s bust, when the price of a single Bitcoin fell from nearly $20,000 to around $4,000. It has lingered there for months, but had an unexpected jolt on Tuesday, briefly exceeding $5,000.Some cryptocurrency enthusiasts had hoped that the entrance of Wall Street institutions would give them legitimacy with traditional investors. But their struggles — and waning interest — illustrate the difficulty in bringing Bitcoin from the fringes of the internet into the mainstream financial world.“The smart money knows that crypto is not ready,” said Ciaran Murray, a cryptocurrency trader in London.Mr. Murray tried to set up a hedge fund focused on digital tokens, but he found that when investors dug into the technology they were turned off.“Once you get into the details, it scared them off,” he said.Mr. Murray and other cryptocurrency believers are adamant that the problems are not a death blow for Bitcoin and the technology it introduced. Mr. Chou, for example, is retooling LedgerX and applying for regulatory approval to open trading to small retail investors, whose interest in cryptocurrencies has held up a bit more.And the big companies haven’t entirely walked away. Goldman and the parent company of the New York Stock Exchange, Intercontinental Exchange, are moving ahead with their cryptocurrency trading operations despite tepid interest from customers. The giant asset manager Fidelity recently began working with a small number of big clients that want to hold cryptocurrencies.In Silicon Valley, Jack Dorsey, the chief executive of Twitter and the online payments company Square, announced last month that he was looking to hire three or four Bitcoin developers. He compared the technology to the early internet, both in its problems and its potential.Even in this “crypto winter,” as some are calling it, the depressed price of Bitcoin is still four times higher than it was at a peak in 2013, before an earlier crash.But few of the more practical ambitions for Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies have been realized, and it can still be hard to determine what is real and what is not real around digital tokens.An American company looking to set up Bitcoin investment funds, Bitwise Asset Management, recently said it had determined that 95 percent of the trading activity reported by Bitcoin exchanges around the world was fake.The structure of Bitcoin makes it hard to maintain control. All Bitcoins are accounted for on a decentralized ledger, known as the blockchain, which no single institution controls. Anyone can have access to it, giving free rein to bad actors.Regulators have not approved investment products tied to Bitcoin because of the likelihood that prices are being manipulated. But exchanges where investors can bet on the price movement of Bitcoin through futures contracts, without having to hold Bitcoins, have gained approval.The Chicago Mercantile Exchange, or C.M.E. has introduced a Bitcoin futures contract that has gained moderate traction with traders. Still, the market has been small enough that the C.M.E.’s competitor, the Chicago Board Options Exchange, said recently that it would stop issuing its own Bitcoin futures contract.Many market watchers have said that for Bitcoin to gain deeper traction with big investors, those investors will have to be able to buy and hold actual Bitcoins.Intercontinental Exchange had initially said it hoped to open up its cryptocurrency exchange, Bakkt, last fall, with the ability for investors to end up holding the Bitcoins they bought. Goldman Sachs also said last year that it was hoping to allow its customers to buy and hold Bitcoins.The Bakkt and Goldman Sachs efforts are still in limbo because of questions from regulators about how the institutions would hold Bitcoins for clients. Bakkt and Goldman Sachs declined to comment on the delays. Bakkt’s difficulties were recently detailed in The Wall Street Journal.For most traditional investments, like stocks or bonds, there are clearly established methods for securing customer accounts. But the design of Bitcoin means that if a Bitcoin is stolen from a Bitcoin wallet, where the digital tokens are stored, it is hard to get back.This has already been a big problem for many Bitcoin exchanges that have suffered crippling thefts and losses.“There is a lot of new ground being covered, and the regulators’ job is to be satisfied, not just to be fast,” said Thomas Chippas, the chief executive of another exchange hoping to cater to big investors, ErisX, which has also been held up by the regulators.Even if the authorities are able to get comfortable with the security arrangements at Bitcoin exchanges, there is the question of what application Bitcoin and other digital tokens might have outside of speculation.Many Bitcoin enthusiasts have argued that the original cryptocurrency is useful as a place to store value outside the control of any government or institution, as if it were a digital version of gold. But that narrative has been tested as the value of Bitcoin has bounced around. And other applications for Bitcoin, like using it to pay for things online, have not taken off.“I think it will be years and years before it will be ready for nonspeculative use cases,” Mr. Murray said. “Until now, it’s just been people buying it and hoping it’s going to go up. I think that’s not going to end for three or four years.”Samia was an influencer before she could talk.Her parents, Adam and LaToya Ali, are influencers themselves and began chronicling Samia’s impending arrival on YouTube and Instagram in 2014, once Ms. Ali learned she was pregnant. “Samia’s birth video is on YouTube, so she’s pretty much been born into social media,” Mr. Ali said. Samia is now 4 and has 143,000 followers on Instagram and 203,000 subscribers on YouTube. Her feeds are mostly populated with posts of her posing and playing, but they also feature paid promotions for brands like Crayola and HomeStyle Harvest chicken nuggets. There are instances when “Samia can’t verbatim get the message out,” Mr. Ali, who lives in the Atlanta area, said of the promotional posts. “Sometimes, their talking points are not kid talk, so LaToya would need to appear, or myself, to relay those because those are key deliverables that the brands want.” Welcome to the world of kidfluencers. Brands have flocked to influencers — individuals, famous or not, with large followings on social media — for years, hoping their online popularity will prompt their fans to buy the products they vouch for. Then child influencers started appearing on their parents’ profiles, a surreal but seemingly harmless offshoot of this phenomenon. Now, advertisers like Walmart, Staples and Mattel are bankrolling lucrative endorsements deals for toddlers and tweens with large followings and their own verified profiles on YouTube and Instagram. As a result, children too young to make their own accounts on the platforms are being turned into tastemakers. Instagram, owned by Facebook, and YouTube, which is part of Google, are designed for adults in large part because of a federal privacy law that protects children under 13. Bios for many of the younger influencers on Instagram note that the pages are “run by parents,” and YouTube channels are presumably registered to their guardians.Because they say their platforms are 13-and-older zones, technology companies do not have to comply with federal rules that limit targeted advertising and data collection. But Josh Golin, executive director of the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood, said the companies had no incentive to keep children off the sites. And as TV ratings continue to fall and children spend more time online, advertisers are spending more money to reach them there. “The fact that brands are using actual children as influencers is a very clear sign that they’re targeting children that they know are on these platforms,” Mr. Golin said. That can mean big money for the families of kidfluencers. Kyler Fisher, the father of 2-year-old identical twins who have more than two million followers on Instagram, said a sponsored post on the girls’ account could fetch between $10,000 and $20,000. The twins, Taytum and Oakley, have promoted car seats and Carnival Cruise Lines on Instagram. They are also central to the success of their parents’ YouTube channel, Kyler & Mad, which has about three million subscribers. Promotions on the family YouTube channel can draw $25,000 to $50,000.Fans are so interested in the family that their third child, due the first week of March, already has 112,000 Instagram followers.  “My kids complete the package, man,” Mr. Fisher said. “If we didn’t have the girls, I can’t imagine being as far as we are.”Another parent shared the prices commanded by the parent’s child on the condition of anonymity, citing concern that the disclosures could harm negotiations with brands. The parent said brands might pay $10,000 to $15,000 for a promotional Instagram post while a sponsored YouTube video might earn $45,000. A 30- to 90-second shout-out in a longer video can cost advertisers between $15,000 and $25,000. Brands are also pursuing children with smaller followings. The toy company Melissa & Doug emailed parents about a six-week influencer campaign last summer, offering payments and free toys for weekly Instagram posts of their children “having fun with the toys!” The company said it would pay $10 per 1,000 followers for individual Instagram posts and $5 per 1,000 followers for Instagram Story posts. The rise of this kind of advertising has raised questions involving fair compensation, oversight and work permits, especially since child labor guidelines vary by state.Andrea Faville, a YouTube spokeswoman, said that the site didn’t allow anyone under 13 to make or own accounts and that it worked “closely with experts, nonprofit organizations and others in our industry to protect families using our services.” YouTube came under fire last month after lewd comments by pedophiles were discovered on innocent videos of children; the company has since said it will suspend comments on most videos of minors. Some channels that can “demonstrate a low risk of predatory behavior” will keep comments but require moderators, the company said. It remains to be seen if disabling comments will hurt the kind of connections kidfluencers try to establish with their fans. Sravanthi Dev, a spokeswoman for Instagram, said that while the platform prohibited users 12 and under, their parents or representatives could create profiles for them “as long as it is clear in the bio information that the account is run by the parent or representative.” Michelle Foley’s 6-year-old daughter, Ava, and her best friend, Everleigh, also 6, have more than a million followers on their shared Instagram and YouTube accounts. YouTube’s analytics say Ava and Everleigh’s viewers are largely between the ages of 25 and 44, Ms. Foley said, but she said she thought the core audience was between 8 and 18. “When we go out, parents never know who we are, but kids do,” Ms. Foley said. Alex Chavez-Munoz, a founder of Viral Talent, which works with child influencers, also disputed the data.“When you see the analytics of a kidfluencer channel, the dominant audience is 25- to 34-year-old women,” Mr. Chavez-Munoz said. “That’s obviously not the case. The case is that the child is watching it on their parents’ device.”In December, a 9-year-old kidfluencer known as Txunamy shared a photo on Instagram and asked her more than two million followers to comment on it and share their ages. Thousands of replies flooded in: 9, 10, 11 years old.Captiv8, which connects brands with influencers, found more than 3,100 Instagram influencers, from a sample of 1.2 million accounts, who are likely under 13 based on terms in their bios like “managed by mom.” (Instagram has more than a billion users.) Each account had at least 1,000 followers. On YouTube, the much bigger kid influencer destination, there are toy accounts like Ryan ToysReview, whose young star earned $22 million in a year, according to Forbes. But children, under their parents’ watch, are also building followings on YouTube and Instagram as gamers, video bloggers, fashionistas, mischievous toddlers and personalities who anchor family channels, which are often a cross between reality TV, pranks and random skits. YouTube accounts can also bring in serious ad dollars without brand deals, which are shared with the site.Everleigh’s grandmother, whom Ms. Foley met when they worked together, came up with the idea of making an Instagram account for the girls when they were 10 months old, calling them “besties” and dressing them in matching outfits. The girls went “viral” eight months later after the account helped them land a modeling campaign for the Kardashian Kids line, Ms. Foley said. At that point, “we were like, ‘We should start a YouTube,’ but they couldn’t talk,” she said. “So then we kind of waited for them to start talking.”The girls also have their own separate Instagram accounts. Everleigh’s sponsored posts have included promotions for toys (“I’m excited to share that the new PAW Patrol Mighty Pups line is available exclusively at Walmart!”) and Disney dolls (“Everleigh is in LOVE with her Fancy Nancy dolls!”). The girls have made celebrities out of the rest of their families. Ava’s 1-year-old brother has 148,000 Instagram followers, and Everleigh’s newborn sister has a million. Recently, Everleigh started a YouTube channel, Everleigh Opens Toys, and Ava is interested in making one, too, Ms. Foley said.“If it wasn’t for Everleigh and Ava, I would not have what I have today,” she said. Brands want to team up with children for the same reasons they want to work with older social media personalities  — their follower counts, the ability to post more quickly than traditional ad agencies, the way the posts feel like recommendations from a friend. But advocates say these techniques can deceive children, who are in the early stages of understanding and recognizing advertisements. Children’s television, overseen by the Federal Communications Commission, has rules that separate ads from content and limit product placement and promotions by a program’s host or characters. The internet doesn’t. YouTube has its own guidelines for children’s advertising, but they are often hard to police. For example, the YouTube Kids app, designed for children 12 and under, is not supposed to contain sponsored content, but The New York Times found several paid advertorial videos from influencers there for companies like Walmart, Dreamworks and Claire’s. (YouTube removed the videos after The Times asked about them.)“It is very manipulative of young children,” said Kathryn Montgomery, a professor emerita at American University’s School of Communications. “With this form of promotion and advertising, there is a purposeful blurring of those lines.”Ava and Everleigh’s YouTube channel peppers sponsored videos among dance battles and hangouts with other influencers. Ms. Foley said the family could get 10 email requests a day from brands. The girls posted a 10-minute sponsored video for Mattel in November titled “First Sleepover Opening Giant Presents!” An adult asked the children, clad in matching pajamas, about their holiday wish list, which was “Barbie everything!” They appeared to sleep, then woke up, squealing, to wrapped Barbie merchandise. Mattel declined to comment on its child influencer strategy.In an advertorial video for Staples,  Txunamy declared her excitement about back-to-school shopping at the chain, then showcased her “haul.”“Whenever we work with younger influencers, all contracts and negotiations are conducted through their parents or talent agencies directly representing them,” said Meghan McCarrick, a spokeswoman for Staples.Social media stars aren’t typically considered actors under the law. In California, a portion of child actors’ earnings are set aside in a trust based on the decades-old Coogan Law, named for a former child star whose parents spent all his money by the time he turned 21. Similar trusts are required by New York, Louisiana and New Mexico. For kidfluencers, it's usually a voluntary decision by parents to create these accounts. Several families said they had established the accounts after working on traditional TV shows or national commercials. As for the children, it can be tough for them to understand how much of a fuss they’re creating. Samia’s father, Mr. Ali, said, “She doesn’t have a concept of viral or ‘views,’ so it’s almost like, for her, walking into an experiment to learn something — it’s more of us giving her a task or assignment, where she has something to conquer.”He added, “We’ll know when she gets a sense of her following and let her know what this all means.”WASHINGTON — The Supreme Court announced Monday that it would not hear a case about whether a New Jersey county could allow churches to participate in grant programs for historic preservation even though the State Constitution forbids using tax money “for building or repairing any church.”From 2012 to 2015, Morris County, N.J., gave more than $4.6 million to 12 churches to fix facades, stained-glass windows and aging roofs under a historic preservation program limited to local government, charitable conservancies and religious institutions.Last year, the New Jersey Supreme Court halted payments to the churches, saying the State Constitution specifically prohibits them. The court also ruled that the prohibition in the State Constitution did not run afoul of the federal Constitution’s guarantee of free exercise of religion.As is the United States Supreme Court’s custom, its brief order gave no reasons for turning down appeals from a county board and a church. Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh filed an opinion agreeing with the court’s decision not to hear the case but noting his view that “the decision of the New Jersey Supreme Court is in serious tension with this court’s religious equality precedents.”Justices Samuel A. Alito Jr. and Neil M. Gorsuch joined Justice Kavanaugh’s opinion, which said the New Jersey case was not the right vehicle in which to decide the question, partly because “the factual details of the Morris County program are not entirely clear.”The case, Morris County Board of Chosen Freeholders v. Freedom From Religion Foundation, No. 18-364, could have given give the United States Supreme Court an opportunity to explore the limits of its 2017 decision in Trinity Lutheran Church v. Comer. That decision said that Missouri could not exclude religious institutions from a state program to make playgrounds safer even though the state’s Constitution called for strict separation of church and state.“The consequence is, in all likelihood, a few extra scraped knees,” Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. wrote for the majority in the Missouri case. “But the exclusion of Trinity Lutheran from a public benefit for which it is otherwise qualified, solely because it is a church, is odious to our Constitution all the same, and cannot stand.”At the same time, then writing for four justices, Chief Justice Roberts emphasized the narrowness of the court’s decision. “This case involves express discrimination based on religious identity with respect to playground resurfacing,” he wrote. “We do not address religious uses of funding or other forms of discrimination.”A 2004 Supreme Court decision, Locke v. Davey, allowed Washington State to offer college scholarships to all students except those pursuing a degree in devotional theology. That case involved direct support for religion, Chief Justice Roberts wrote. Playgrounds, he argued, were a different matter.Writing for the New Jersey Supreme Court, Chief Justice Stuart Rabner said the grant program amounted to impermissible state support of religion.“This case does not involve the expenditure of taxpayer money for nonreligious uses, such as the playground resurfacing in Trinity Lutheran,” Chief Justice Rabner wrote. “The appeal instead relates to grants that sustain the continued use of active houses of worship for religious services and finance repairs to religious imagery. In our judgment, those grants constitute an impermissible religious use of public funds.”On Monday, Justice Kavanaugh wrote that the New Jersey case resembled the one from Missouri. “In this case,” he wrote, “New Jersey’s ‘No religious organizations need apply’ for historic preservation grants appears similar to, for example, Missouri’s ‘No religious schools need apply’ for school playground grants.’”Other kinds of religion cases can pose hard questions, Justice Kavanaugh wrote. “This kind of case, by contrast,” he wrote, “should not be as difficult: Barring religious organizations because they are religious from a general historic preservation grants program is pure discrimination against religion.”“At some point,” Justice Kavanaugh added, “this court will need to decide whether governments that distribute historic preservation funds may deny funds to religious organizations simply because the organizations are religious.”Ask for advice about finding a career path and it likely won’t be long before you hear “find your passion” or “do what you love and you’ll never work a day in your life.”But what if that dream career won’t pay enough for you to avoid making sacrifices about material comforts, having additional jobs or both? Does money matter if people feel strongly that they are doing what makes them happy and fulfilled?In “Does It Pay to Be a Writer?” Concepción de León considers these questions as they apply to professional writers:Writing has never been a lucrative career choice, but a recent study by the Authors Guild, a professional organization for book writers, shows that it may not even be a livable one anymore.According to the survey results, the median pay for full-time writers was $20,300 in 2017, and that number decreased to $6,080 when part-time writers were considered. The latter figure reflects a 42 percent drop since 2009, when the median was $10,500. These findings are the result of an expansive 2018 study of more than 5,000 published book authors, across genres and including both traditional and self-published writers.“In the 20th century, a good literary writer could earn a middle class living just writing,” said Mary Rasenberger, executive director of the Authors Guild, citing William Faulkner, Ernest Hemingway and John Cheever. Now, most writers need to supplement their income with speaking engagements or teaching. Strictly book-related income — which is to say royalties and advances — are also down, almost 30 percent for full-time writers since 2009.Students, read the entire article, then tell us:— What information from the article, if any, surprises you? Why?— In light of what you just read, why do you think people still pursue careers in writing or other industries that typically do not pay much?— What importance, if any, do you think people should put on potential earnings when choosing a career?— What sort of job do you think you will seek someday? How important to you is the salary that you would earn in that job?— What is your response to advice like “do what you love,” when it comes to choosing a career? Explain.Students 13 and older are invited to comment. All comments are moderated by the Learning Network staff, but please keep in mind that once your comment is accepted, it will be made public.The best way to understand Mike Trout, the outfielder for baseball’s Los Angeles Angels, who on Tuesday reportedly agreed to the richest contract in North American sports, is as the perfect reflection of his sport.Little known to many Americans, including some sports fans, Trout, 27, is the best player in a game that has frequently been mocked as a fading form of entertainment with primarily regional audiences.Baseball is often dismissed as far less enticing than the N.F.L., which is believed to bring in more than $14 billion annually even with its health and safety issues. Baseball also is called less dynamic than the N.B.A., even though it had about $2 billion less in revenue than M.L.B. last year.So when Trout’s 12-year, $430 million contract was revealed, it prompted an obvious question: How could a sport that is struggling to attract a new generation of fans, and that is facing a potentially bruising labor fight with its players in two years, afford yet another nine-figure contract?News of Trout’s deal came about three weeks after outfielder Bryce Harper accepted a 13-year, $330 million contract  with the Phillies and a month after infielder Manny Machado got a 10-year, $300 million deal from the San Diego Padres.The answer has more to do with the mechanics of the collective bargaining agreement between players and owners than with anything that might constitute a referendum on the game’s popularity. There are several dynamics at work in the sport, where huge wealth still flows to the best of the best, while there is less money left over for the so-called middle class, despite continuing growth in baseball’s revenues.Owners, it seems, have figured out how to keep costs down by using younger players, who are cheaper than veterans, thus freeing up cash for the occasional megadeal. Players like Trout, Harper and Machado benefit, while others are forced to accept less.“In the past, teams were valuing players differently,” said James Paxton, a starting pitcher for the Yankees. “For a long time, that system was fine. Now that the teams have changed the way they’re valuing players, especially older players, it’s kind of broken the system and it is forcing us to take a look at it.”In a study that has not yet been published, J.C. Bradbury, an economics professor at Kennesaw State University, calculated that baseball revenue rose at an average rate of 6.6 percent from 2003 to 2015, while player salaries rose at an average rate of just 4.4 percent.Major League Baseball revenues reached $10.3 billion last year. The sources include evermore money from guaranteed sources, like multibillion-dollar media deals for the entire sport and other lucrative media contracts, many at the local level. Less important have been ticket sales, which generally fluctuate with wins and losses.With the shift in valuation of players, the average salary went down in 2018 for the first time in 14 years (to a little more than $4 million), according to the players association. It was just the fourth time in the last 50 years that the average has gone down.Dan Halem, the deputy commissioner of M.L.B., said there was no evidence of teams not trying to win, and he painted a very different picture of baseball’s economics.Salaries have gone up on average 5.3 percent each year since 2012, keeping pace with baseball’s revenue growth during that time, he said, and while the pay may have been slightly down or flat in 2018, one year does not make a trend. He also said that over the last decade the players had received a consistent percentage of the game’s revenue, from 52 to 57 percent.“In a market-based system, depending upon the year and how our clubs are valuing players,” said Halem, “certain players do better than others.”Yet words like “collusion” and “strike” — once the third rails of the sport, especially after the ruinous strike of 1994-1995 — are now regularly uttered by players and agents — despite the huge contracts.Focusing on giant deals misses the bigger picture, according to Jeff Borris, a longtime baseball agent who has represented stars like Barry Bonds, and is now the general counsel of the Ballengee Group, a sports representation agency.“Contracts like Trout’s and Harper’s are aberrations,” Borris said. “The focus should be more on things like why isn’t Dallas Keuchel signed or the contract that Gio Gonzalez just signed. Those are the areas that are of concern.”Keuchel, a two-time All-Star starting pitcher for the Houston Astros, remained unsigned one week before opening day, while Gonzalez, a solid, durable starting pitcher, has signed a minor-league deal with the Yankees.“I think the owners are manipulating the system to their advantage,” Borris said.For decades, baseball players have been represented by what is widely considered to be the strongest union in all of professional sports. As a result, baseball has no limits on salaries, though its luxury tax, which penalizes a team after its payroll rises above $206 million, can function as a de facto cap.The problem now, at least as articulated by players, is that while teams reward superstars, they no longer feel compelled to spend to win if they do not believe they already have the pieces in place to compete for a championship.“Why is there not an interest in players that can help teams win, particularly as we get to the last two weeks of spring training?” Tony Clark, the executive director of the players association, said before the Trout deal was reached.Despite baseball’s strong union, certain provisions that kept salaries rising for decades turned out to be norms, not hard and fast rules.Baseball players do not become free agents until they accrue six years of service time. They are generally paid at the league minimum for their first three seasons, while in the next three they can receive higher salaries through negotiation or arbitration. This leads to odd situations like Trout’s being voted the American League most valuable player in his third full season while earning just $1 million.This used to be acceptable to players because they made up for it on the back end of their careers. There are the infamous albatross contracts given to veterans, like the $125 million extension signed by Ryan Howard in 2010, but most of the time it was veteran players being paid a fair wage, or being slightly overpaid, well into their 30s, and sometimes 40s.It’s not a coincidence that Trout, Harper and Machado all got their megadeals at the age of 27 or younger. But as the circumstances of older players like Gonzalez and Keuchel demonstrate, teams have been working on the assumption that a veteran’s abilities are likely to decline soon after his salary peaks and that it makes sense to use younger players, who can fill out a roster at lower costs and risks — even if the chance to make the playoffs is also reduced.“I don’t think that we thought that teams all of a sudden were going to just stop competing to the degree that they are now,” said Adam Ottavino, a Yankees pitcher. “A lot of things changed really fast.”LOS ANGELES — Matt Kuchar had heard enough. Battered by criticism that he had essentially stiffed a caddie who helped him win a tournament last November in Mexico, he took action to make amends on Friday, issuing a statement in which he apologized for his initial actions and also said he had now paid the caddie a good deal more money.In the 15-line statement, which was released while he was playing the rain-delayed first and second rounds of the Genesis Open in Los Angeles, Kuchar said he had now given the caddie, David Giral Ortiz, a much bigger sum than the $5,000 he originally paid him after capturing the first-place prize of $1.296 million at the Mayakoba Golf Classic.In issuing the statement, Kuchar clearly hoped to put an end to the bad tidings that had sullied his image and cast him as a tone-deaf American with a let-them-eat-cake attitude.“Golf is a game where we call penalties on ourselves,” Kuchar said in the statement. “I should have done that long ago and not let this situation escalate.”The statement did not specify how much more Kuchar had sent Ortiz’s way, but it appears an additional $45,000 was paid out.Ortiz had been asking for a total of $50,000, according to Marc Graubart, a Houston businessman working on the caddie’s behalf, and Kuchar, in his statement, said Ortiz had now been paid what he was seeking.Kuchar’s apology came at the end of a trying week for him, and after a challenging first round on Friday at the Riviera Country Club, where he heard the usual genial chants of “Kooooch” from some of his fans but also a number of barbs from others about his perceived parsimony.Kuchar, 40, has earned more than $45 million as a professional golfer, but his problems began when he won a tournament in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, that he had basically entered on a whim.In a typical PGA Tour arrangement, a caddie receives a flat rate of $1,500 for a tournament, which helps cover expenses, and a bonus worth 10 percent of the golfer’s winnings. For Ortiz, a local caddie who is also known as El Tucan, that would have amounted to about $130,000.Instead, Ortiz told Michael Bamberger of Golf.com, he and Kuchar had agreed on a $3,000 payment plus an unspecified amount of whatever money Kuchar won at the tournament.Kuchar, meanwhile, said he had promised Ortiz $1,000 if he missed the cut, $2,000 if he made the cut, $3,000 for a top-20 finish and $4,000 for a top-10 finish, with no specifications for how much more he would pay Ortiz if he finished first.Which Kuchar proceeded to do, ending a four-year winless drought. At that point, Kuchar gave Ortiz $5,000 — the $4,000 he said they had agreed upon for the top-10 finish and a $1,000 bonus. Kuchar confirmed that total to Golf.com and added, “For a guy who makes $200 a day, a $5,000 week is a really big week.”But the tone and content of that comment were quickly pounced on, particularly by people from outside the insular world of golf. And some golf fans weren’t too pleased by Kuchar’s attitude, either. As Kuchar walked down the first fairway on Friday morning, one fan stopped walking and shouted in Kuchar’s direction. “Frugal, just frugal,’’ the fan yelled. “I pay my caddie more.”The fan, Brent Weiss, who described himself as a kindergarten teacher, said Kuchar had been his favorite player. But not anymore.“How do you tip a caddie $1,000 when you’ve made $1.3 million?” Weiss said. “To me, I think that’s called discrimination.”Weiss added, “I can’t even look at the guy.”Not surprisingly, Kuchar also found himself the target of increasing indignation on social media.In his statement on Friday, Kuchar, who is considered one of the more affable players on the tour, said he viewed his initial comments in defense of the $5,000 payment as “out of touch and insensitive.”“They made it seem like I was marginalizing David Ortiz and his financial situation, which was not my intention,’’ the statement added. “I read them again and cringed. That is not who I am and not what I want to represent.”Kuchar declined to comment as he walked off the course on Friday. When play was halted for the day, he still had five holes to complete in the second round.A nine-time Tour winner, Kuchar serves as a brand spokesman for several companies, including Skechers shoes, Bridgestone Golf and Royal Bank of Canada. Before turning professional in 2000, Kuchar, who had starred at Georgia Tech, worked for a year as an investment banker.Ortiz, a father of two, lives in a rented house and takes the bus to his job at the golf course. And the fact that he was paid only $5,000 by Kuchar might not have become as widely known as it did were it not for the efforts of Graubart, who regularly employs Ortiz during golf vacations in Mexico.In a telephone interview on Thursday, Graubart said he happened to be with Ortiz in Mexico last month when questions about how much Kuchar had paid him surfaced. They saw Kuchar on television during a tournament in Hawaii, telling reporters that he had paid Ortiz more than $3,000 for his services but less than 10 percent of his total earnings.Graubart said he then quizzed Ortiz about the details of his unwritten agreement with Kuchar. At which point, Graubart said, he explained the typical pay scale to Ortiz, who seemed unaware that he could have earned more money.Graubart said he and a friend helped Ortiz write emails to Kuchar’s agent, Mark Steinberg, requesting more compensation. In a Jan. 23 email, which The New York Times obtained, Ortiz wrote that he had asked Kuchar for a percentage of his first-place check if he were to win. The existence of the emails was first reported by Golf.com.“Matt said ‘sure’ with a smile,” Ortiz wrote in the email, “not believing that he would actually win the tournament.”A few days later, Graubart said, Ortiz received an offer of $20,000 from a tournament director who appeared to be acting on behalf of Kuchar’s agent. But Graubart said Ortiz had requested $50,000, and the caddie then wrote an email asking if he could deal directly with Steinberg, who replied: “I am out of the country. What Matt has offered is fair.”Some golf fans clearly disagreed. A GoFundMe account had been set up on Ortiz’s behalf and late on Thursday night, the total had reached $2,226.But Kuchar had a significant change of heart, and now Ortiz has a lot more than that in his bank account.Soon after Jayme Closs, 13, disappeared in Wisconsin in October, officials offered a $50,000 reward for information that would lead to her safe return. Now Jayme, who escaped from a kidnapper after she was abducted and her parents were killed, will receive at least half of it.That $25,000 was donated by Hormel Foods, the Minnesota-based company that owns Jennie-O Turkey Store, where Jayme’s parents had worked in Barron, Wis., for 27 years.“First and foremost, Jennie-O Turkey Store is a family,” Steve Lykken, a senior vice president of Hormel and the president of Jennie-O, said on Wednesday. “Here in Barron, our Jennie-O family is dealing with a very tragic situation.” The goal, he added, is to set up a trust fund for Jayme.The girl’s parents, James Closs, 56, and Denise Closs, 46, were killed on Oct. 15 when an intruder entered their home, shot them and kidnapped their daughter. Jayme was held for 88 days in a cabin 70 miles from her home by a man, identified as Jake T. Patterson, who forced her to hide under a bed whenever he left, trapping her in with heavy items, the authorities said.She managed to escape on Jan. 10, clawing her way out from under the bed, putting on a pair of men’s shoes and running to a nearby road where she asked a woman for help.[After her kidnapping, Jayme Closs endured horror, the police said.]“I’m Jayme Closs,” the woman recalled the girl saying. “I don’t know where I am.”Jayme has been staying with relatives since she was found.The kidnapping upended the rural community where the Closses lived. The authorities received thousands of tips. Last month, Jennie-O organized a “Tree of Hope” lighting ceremony for Jayme’s safe return.“While we are still mourning the loss of longtime family members Jim and Denise, we are so thankful for Jayme’s brave escape and that she is back in Barron,” Mr. Lykken said this week.The other $25,000 in reward money had been put forward by the F.B.I. Leonard Peace, a public information officer for the agency in Wisconsin, declined to comment on whether it would pay Jayme the money, given that she saved herself.“Our general practice is to refrain from disclosing details on the final decisions in these matters due to privacy considerations,” he said in a statement. “The F.B.I. evaluates the information provided along with the unique circumstances of the case and its resolution, and determines whether it is appropriate to award reward money.”[A Georgia case involving escaped inmates and slain prison guards shows that doling out reward money can get complicated.]But others have chipped in to help Jayme. A representative for GoFundMe confirmed that a campaign started on Jan. 11 to help the girl was verified. So far, the organizer, who is a family member of Jayme’s, has raised more than $34,000.The scraps of paper swirled through the Guggenheim Museum in New York on Saturday night like confetti, thrown from an upper walkway into the central rotunda before floating to the ground.Designed to look like prescription slips for OxyContin, the powerful opioid painkiller, they were part of the latest protest targeting cultural institutions that accept donations from members of the Sackler family who own Purdue Pharma, the maker of the drug.Education facilities at the Guggenheim, including a theater and an exhibition gallery, are housed inside the 8,200-square-foot Sackler Center for Arts Education, identified by the museum as “a gift of the Mortimer D. Sackler Family.”The cloud of white slips, created by a group founded by the photographer Nan Goldin, was a response to a recently disclosed statement by Richard Sackler, the son of a Purdue founder, who said years ago that OxyContin’s launch would be “followed by a blizzard of prescriptions that will bury the competition.”“The prescription blizzard will be so deep, dense and white,” added Mr. Sackler, then a Purdue senior vice president, according to a lawsuit filed by the Massachusetts attorney general’s office.The lawsuit says some Sackler family members directed years of efforts to mislead doctors and patients about the dangers of OxyContin, which has generated enormous profits while more than 200,000 people in the United States have died from overdoses related to prescription opioids.Purdue has denied wrongdoing and said the court filings contain inaccuracies, adding that the company is working to curtail the misuse of prescription painkillers. A representative for members of the Sackler family who own Purdue could not immediately be reached.Those members of the Sackler family with connections to Purdue have been largely reticent about that relationship. Some have held positions within family foundations that have given tens of millions of dollars to institutions like the Guggenheim and the Victoria and Albert Museum in London.Other members of the Sackler family, including some who donate to art organizations, have said they have no ownership stake in Purdue and have not profited from OxyContin.Recent reports suggesting that the family was far more involved than the company has long contended led to Saturday’s event by Prescription Addiction Intervention Now, the group Ms. Goldin founded after recovering from three years of addiction to OxyContin.Last year the group staged a protest inside the Metropolitan Museum of Art, which has received donations from members of the Sackler family.“The Sacklers have premeditatedly gotten people addicted for profit,” Ms. Goldin said after the Guggenheim demonstration. She added that protests would continue until museums stopped accepting money from members of the Sackler family, stopped using the family’s name and made “strong statements” acknowledging those decisions.Members of the group said they were starting a campaign to lobby organizations, including the Guggenheim, the Met, the American Museum of Natural History and the Dia Art Foundation, to take those steps.After leaving the Guggenheim, several dozen people marched down Fifth Avenue carrying a banner that read “Shame on Sackler.” They stopped outside the Met, where some of them spoke about the toll that opioid addiction has taken.The Guggenheim did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Last month the Met issued a statement saying the Sackler family has been connected with the museum for more than a half-century, decades before the opioid crisis.“The Met is currently engaging in a further review of our detailed gift acceptance policies,” the statement added. “And we will have more to report in due course.”The future success of the Democratic Party depends on the crucial — but unsettled — allegiance of the nation’s growing Hispanic electorate.Fernand Amandi, a Democratic pollster and podcast host based in Miami, addressed the party’s Latino quandary in a December interview with The Associated Press:The question is not are Democrats winning the Hispanic vote — it’s why aren’t Democrats winning the Hispanic vote 80-20 or 90-10 the way they are winning black voters?In an interview earlier this week, Amandi told me that Democrats “want and hope for this magical osmosis to happen but that’s not how politics works.”In the 2018 midterms, Democrats showed gains among Hispanic voters in most states, compared with 2014. Party operatives are concerned, however, about the slow rate of growth of these improved Democratic margins. They are equally worried about turnout — at a time when many thought that President Trump’s rhetoric and policies would produce impressive gains among Latino voters for the Democratic Party.Take turnout. Hispanics are one of the fastest growing ethnic constituencies in the United States, but their level of political participation is not keeping pace with their overall population numbers.As the accompanying Pew chart demonstrates, the number of Hispanic voters in midterm elections has grown steadily, from 2.9 million in 1986 to 6.8 million in 2014. At the same time, however, turnout — measured as a percentage of total eligible adult citizens 18 and over — has experienced a relative decline.In 1986, the Latino turnout rate was 38.7 percent; in 2014, that rate fell to 27.1 percent. If the 2014 turnout rate had been as high as it was in 1986, Hispanics would have cast 9.7 million ballots instead of 6.8 million. (Complete numbers for 2018 are still being compiled.)In a preliminary analysis of Hispanic voter turnout last year, Catalist, a Democratic firm that builds voter lists, found significant increases in turnout of three to five percent, comparing 2018 with the 2014 midterms. Texas, Nevada and California saw five percent increases, Florida four percent, New Mexico and New York three percent.Turnout rates and levels of support are two key (but quite different) political measures. While Latinos had a turnout rate of 27.1 percent in 2014, their support for Democratic House candidates that year was 62 percent. Their support for Republican House candidates was 36 percent, according to exit polls.While Democratic support among Hispanics has improved over the past decade, from the low 60s to the high 60s, there is evidence suggesting that those gains cannot be relied upon in future elections.In the midterm elections, Florida became the prime example of such unreliability, as Republicans demonstrated they could buck state and national trends to make substantial gains among Hispanics.Republicans won two close statewide races in Florida in 2018, one for senate and one for governor — despite the gradual erosion of Republican support among Cuban-Americans in the state and despite the continuing influx of pro-Democratic Puerto Ricans in the wake of Hurricane Maria in 2017.Simon Rosenberg, president of NDN, formerly the New Democrat Network, a pro-Democratic think tank, wrote, “In All Important Florida, Democrats Lose Ground With Hispanic Voters” a month after the 2018 election:In an election where Democrats had one of their best years ever with Hispanic voters across the country, Florida Democrats saw their Hispanic numbers decline. Nationally, Democrats went from 62-36 (26 pts) in 2014 to 69-29 (40 pts) this election. In Florida, Democrats went from 58-38 (20 pts) in 2014 to 54-44 (10 pts) this year.As Rosenberg pointed out, this shift occurred despite the fact that Trump did everything possible to alienate Latinos, along with undercutting Rick Scott and Ron DeSantis, the winning Republican candidates for Senate and governor.Rosenberg noted that Trump hadrelentlessly attacked immigrants and Hispanics in particular. He grossly mismanaged the aftermath of Hurricane Maria, sending hundreds of thousands of Puerto Ricans fleeing to Central Florida. He revoked the temporary status of many immigrants in Florida. Given all this, one would have imagined the environment for Democrats to make gains among Hispanics was present in Florida this year, gains which were made elsewhere. Yet we fell back.By all accounts, Scott and DeSantis campaigned almost daily in Hispanic precincts, while their Democratic opponents, Bill Nelson and Andrew Gillum, took the Hispanic vote for granted.“We had no infrastructure,” Christian Ulvert, Gillum’s director for Spanish-language media, told Politico:And honestly, Democrats have been playing catch-up on Hispanic outreach for two decades, because Republicans have invested in it. You can’t close that gap overnight.Politico described Nelson’s bid for a fourth term as “a uniquely lazy campaign that made laughably ineffectual attempts to engage with Hispanics.”Melissa Michelson, a political scientist at Menlo College in California and president of the Latino caucus of the American Political Science Association, described in an email the changing political orientation of Florida’s Cuban-Americans.In a 1989-90 survey, Michelson wrote, 68.8 percent of Cuban-Americans identified with Republicans. Since then there have been significant changes: Over the years, she continued, Pew has documented a steady decline in Cuban-Americans’ Republican identification, from 64 percent in 2002 to 56 percent in 2006 to 47 percent in 2013.Despite the decline in Republican support among Cuban-Americans, Michelson emphasized thatThere has always been a contingent of Latinos who identify as Republican and are more interested in Republican/conservative (or anti-Communist) policies than in immigration issues or racism. Recall that 40 percent of Latinos voted for Bush in 2004. Reagan also enjoyed considerable Latino support. I think many Democrats are continually perplexed by this — that there could be Latino voters who are willing to support a president (or candidate) like Trump whose rhetoric and policies are so clearly anti-Latino and racist.While Scott and DeSantis revived Cuban-American willingness to support Republicans, two of the three Florida House seats that had been represented by Cuban-American Republicans switched parties in 2018.Revealing a contrast to Florida, Matt A. Barreto, a political scientist at U.C.L.A. and a co-founder of Latino Decisions, analyzed turnout and voting patterns in Texas. In a March report, Barreto described a huge pro-Democratic turnout increase there, ranging from 105 to 125 percent in eight counties where Hispanics make up more than 90 percent of the population. There were significant gains in counties with white majorities of 83 to 91 percent too, but these upturns were smaller, in the 35 to 55 percent range.The ability of two conservative Florida Republicans to make such inroads simply by campaigning diligently suggests that the Democratic hold on Latinos is less firm than many believed.So where do Latinos stand politically?The NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll surveyed 918 Hispanics during 2018 and found that Trump’s job approval rating was a relatively dismal 30 percent, 21 points below his 51 percent favorability rating among whites, but 18 points higher than his 12 percent approval rate among African-Americans.The data, provided to The Times by Public Opinion Strategies, one of the two firms that conducted the survey, found that Trump’s approval among Hispanics was highest among men and among the affluent — 40 percent for both — and among men without college degrees, at 39 percent.A 2018 Pew report, “Key takeaways about Latino voters in the 2018 midterm elections,” found that Hispanics cast a decisive majority of votes for Democratic congressional candidates (69-29), a smaller percentage of votes, however, than African-Americans (90-9) and Asian-Americans (77-23). Whites backed Republicans, 54 to 44.In a state-by-state breakdown, Pew found that in the Texas Senate race, Latinos backed Democrat Beto O’Rourke over Ted Cruz by nearly two to one, 64-35, while Greg Abbott, the incumbent Republican governor, lost the Hispanic vote to Democratic challenger Lupe Valdez, 53-42.In Florida, Democrats Gillum and Nelson won the Hispanic vote by nearly equal percentages (54-44 and 54-45) — but in both cases by margins that were inadequate to produce overall victory.The Democratic winner in the Nevada Senate race, Jacky Rosen, did far better among Hispanics, who backed her over Dean Heller, the Republican incumbent, 67-30.While many Democrats expected Trump’s anti-immigrant rhetoric and policies, especially the family separation debacle, to produce a decisive shift to the left among Hispanics, that has not proved to be the case.An October 2018 Pew report found that almosthalf of Latinos (48 percent) believe there is about the right amount of immigrants living in the U.S., while a quarter say there are too many immigrants and 14 percent say there are too few. Three quarters of Hispanics opposed Trump’s proposal to build a wall along the Mexican border, while one in five favors construction.In an email, Barreto, of Latino Decisions, argued that Democratic support among Hispanics remains solid:I do not see anything since November 2018 to suggest Dems are losing any support at all. Trump continues on the same path of bashing immigrants and bashing Latinos without evidence and this only further decreases his favorability among Latinos.Asked about the declining share of eligible Hispanics turning out on Election Day, Barreto countered that the growing numbers of eligible Latinos arealmost entirely driven by U.S. born young Latinos turning 18 and entering the eligible voter pool.In a common pattern, Barreto pointed out, “young people have very low rates of voter registration and voter turnout — especially in midterm elections.”Because of that, Barreto said that in order to get a better picture, the data should be age-adjusted so that turnout levels of older voters of different races and ethnicities could be compared.Barreto is also sharply critical of most polling of Hispanics and of exit polls in particular, arguing that the lack of Spanish-speaking interviewers results in an undercount of Hispanic turnout as well as inaccurate estimates of Republican and Democratic votes.In addition, candidates and political parties have to make a much stronger case to young Hispanics that their vote matters, according to Barreto:Otherwise, you will only get incremental growth each year — which still puts Latinos as a larger and larger share of the electorate, but perhaps not as large as we could be.Rosenberg, of NDN, argues that the Democratic Party did not start targeting the Hispanic electorate “with modern campaign tactics and communications” until the 2006-8 period. Those efforts immediately bore fruit, Rosenberg contended in an email:Remember that in 2004 Bush won Arizona, Colorado, New Mexico and Nevada. Now Colorado and New Mexico are no longer really competitive at the presidential level, Nevada is slipping away from the Republicans, and Democrats elected a Senator in 2018 in Arizona.Texas, according to Rosenberg, “is about to hit a tipping point,” in large part because of the Hispanic vote.What conclusions and what questions remain in the wake of these complex and sometimes conflicting trends in the Hispanic electorate?First and foremost, Latinos remain a decisively Democratic constituency, with important caveats.Brian Schaffner, a political scientist at Tufts and co-principal researcher at the Cooperative Congressional Election Study, wrote in an email that nationally, Hispanic support for Democrats has been relatively consistent.Schaffner provided the accompanying graph, which shows the level of voting for Democrats in House contests in the six elections from 2008 to 2018 for whites, blacks, Asian-Americans and Hispanics. The Hispanic Democratic vote shows a significant 8.6 point increase from 2014 to 2016 and a 13.6-point increase from 2014 to 2018 — call it the Trump jump — although the increase in the percentage of Asian-Americans voting for Democrats was even larger at 20.2 points.Latinos’ partisan loyalties are much less hard and fast than, say, those of either African-Americans or white evangelicals. The results in Florida demonstrate that Democrats risk defeat if they fail to campaign heavily in Hispanic communities, and Republicans stand to gain at the margins if they are prepared to invest time, money and energy.The major question mark going into 2020, assuming Trump is the Republican nominee, is whether Hispanic opposition to his presidency will prevent a recurrence of the Florida 2018 phenomenon. Will Trump’s presence so nationalize the election that down-ballot Republicans will face a brick wall when they try to make modest inroads among Hispanics?To date, Trump has shown every intention of turning the election into a referendum on himself, and all the baggage he carries, with no regard for the political survival of fellow Republicans. If anything, he appears determined to drive up hostility to him among Latinos. For the past two days, for example, the president has ranted on Twitter, attacking Puerto Rico and its political leaders.On Monday, he told his Twitter followers:Puerto Rico got far more money than Texas & Florida combined, yet their government can’t do anything right, the place is a mess — nothing works.On Tuesday, he was still at it:All their local politicians do is complain & ask for more money. The pols are grossly incompetent, spend the money foolishly or corruptly, & only take from USA.Behaving this way, Trump may succeed in driving up support among “his people,” as he likes to call his voters. But if he keeps it up, he will be doing both his Democratic opponent and the Democratic Party as a whole a huge favor as far as the Latino vote goes.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.President Trump’s 2020 budget request of an extra $291 million to fight the spread of H.I.V., experts said on Tuesday, will not be remotely sufficient to meet the goal he announced in his State of the Union address: to nearly eliminate the AIDS epidemic in the United States within 10 years.Mr. Trump’s plan focuses on 48 counties where about half of new infections occur, and seeks to cut the rate of new infections by 90 percent — from about 40,000 a year to about 4,000. Virtually all H.I.V. experts agree that his plan is medically sound. People living with H.I.V. cannot transmit the virus if they are taking a daily triple-therapy drug cocktail. And a two-drug regimen, in a single daily pill known as PrEP, makes it almost impossible to get H.I.V., even through unprotected sex or needle use.But the plan requires a vast two-pronged attack. All Americans with H.I.V. must be found, put on antiretroviral drugs and kept on them for life; and all those at high risk of infection must be put on PrEP for as many years as they are sexually active or using drugs.The cost of doing that will be daunting. About 1.1 million Americans have the virus, and about one million are in danger of getting it. Finding, treating and keeping them all in treatment, experts estimated, could add another $25 billion a year to the $20 billion a year that the federal government, by its own estimates, already spends on H.I.V. prevention and treatment.Calculating the total price is complicated, because so many expenses are tucked into so many budgets. One government agency does vaccine research, another does public education, and many pay for medical care. Mr. Trump’s $291 million is discretionary spending; for example, it would help the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention do more testing and would assist local clinics in reaching more people at risk.But one way or another, the drugs must be paid for, and private insurers will not foot the whole bill. Many of those affected are uninsured or covered under Medicare, Medicaid, the Veterans Affairs department, the Indian Health Service, the Ryan White H.I.V./AIDS Program or other government programs.Mr. Trump’s budget request envisions giving the Ryan White program another $120 million next year — but simultaneously cutting Medicare and Medicaid by more than $2 trillion over 10 years. That’s why Mr. Trump’s attacks on Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act are “so problematic,” said Jeffrey S. Crowley, a director of the White House Office of National AIDS Policy during the Obama administration. Programs like those foot the biggest bills.Over the years, several administrations have announced plans to halt the spread of H.I.V. In 2001, the C.D.C. said it would cut new infections in half within five years. (The rate did not budge.) In 2010, President Obama laid out his strategy, updating it in 2015.The Obama administration did not estimate the strategy’s cost, Mr. Crowley said.But an analysis of it in 2017 by experts at Massachusetts General Hospital concluded that the effort would require an additional $120 billion over 20 years, and that new infections would be cut by only 40 percent during that time.By contrast, Mr. Trump’s plan envisions cutting infections by 90 percent in half that time, noted Dr. Rochelle P. Walensky, the lead author of the Mass General analysis. Mr. Trump’s plan would use PrEP to protect the uninfected, while Mr. Obama’s plan envisioned using only condoms.Because those medications are so expensive, Dr. Walensky estimated that the total additional cost of Mr. Trump’s plan could easily reach $250 billion over a decade.When antiretroviral triple therapy was adopted in 1996, it cost about $20,000 a year. Since then, the Food and Drug Administration has approved 30 antiretroviral drugs and a dozen one-pill combinations. But the price has only gone up. A typical treatment regimen is now as much as $50,000 a year. Truvada, the only pill now approved for H.I.V. prevention, is $20,000 a year.At those prices, the drug bill alone for 2.1 million people would be $75 billion a year.The next biggest item, Dr. Walensky said, would be laboratory testing. Finding most of the 1.1 million infected people in the American population of 325 million would require tens of millions of H.I.V. tests. They cost only $10 each, “but the manpower costs are not trivial,” she said. And various lab tests would cost about $325 per person per year. Doctor’s bills would also mount. Relatively healthy H.I.V. patients cost about $3,600 a year in medical expenses; sick patients needing hospitalization cost $40,000, on average.“Adherence” costs — paying case managers and counselors to track reluctant patients and keep them on their pills, which can even include personally escorting them to medical visits — add about $400 a year per patient.“That’s ballpark,” Dr. Walensky said. “It’s kind of a squirrelly figure.” A representative for the Department of Health and Human Services shown a summary of Dr. Walensky’s cost calculations declined to comment on it.Deep cuts in drug prices “would be a huge win in controlling the epidemic,” Dr. Walensky said, because those savings would cover the counseling, testing, doctor’s visits and other costs. The actual costs of making H.I.V. medications are far lower than their retail prices might suggest.Triple-therapy drug cocktails considered state-of-the-art here as recently as two years ago are now available as generics from India for as little as $72 a year. (American taxpayers buy at those prices for patients in Africa through the President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief.)Generic versions of Truvada are as little as $50.Even when the sky-high costs in the United States can be covered by one program or another, the paperwork baffles patients. Many, feeling overwhelmed, just drift off and never start on medication.“Every glitch is a chance for the health system to fail,” Mr. Crowley said.Only about a tenth of all Americans who should be on PrEP are on it. In a recent poll of gay men in California, 87 percent said they would take PrEP if it were free; almost 60 percent believed they could not afford it.Clinicians treating H.I.V. patients are frustrated.Dr. Leandro Mena, medical director of Open Arms Healthcare, a Mississippi clinic focused on reaching gay black men in the rural South, argued that “the U.S. should buy the license for PrEP and give it free to every person who needs it.”Legally, the government does not need to buy the license. By law, it can simply take patent licenses away, as it can driving or hunting licenses. Various federal statutes allow officials to do so in return for paying royalties or, sometimes, while paying nothing.That threat can be wielded to pressure a drug company to slash prices, said James P. Love, an expert on patients and director of Knowledge Ecology International, an advocacy group focusing on intellectual property.In 1917, the government exercised this authority against the Wright Brothers to force their company to lower the price of airplanes for the Army and Navy. Today, however, the federal government almost never uses that power. In 2001, during the anthrax scare that followed the World Trade Center attacks, Tommy G. Thompson, the secretary of health and human services, pressured Bayer A.G., which held the patent on Cipro, an antidote to inhaled anthrax, to sharply cut prices. Mr. Thompson threatened to seek congressional permission to import generic ciprofloxacin for the government stockpile. (Alex M. Azar II, the current secretary of health and human services, was the department’s general counsel at the time.)Additionally, government has “march-in rights” under the 1980 Bayh-Dole Act, Mr. Love said, because it paid for much of the original research on Truvada’s component drugs. Those rights allow officials to “march in” and reassign the patent to other manufacturers without compensation if the medicine is needed for government purposes. Behind the scenes, the pharmaceutical lobby is fighting to cancel march-in rights. At the lobby’s request, Mr. Love said, the National Institute of Standards and Technology has proposed limiting march-in rights only to “declared national emergencies” — which would not include using them just because the prices were too high.ISTANBUL — For 17 years, President Recep Tayyip Erdogan won elections by offering voters a vision of restoring the glories of Turkey’s Ottoman past. He extended his country’s influence with increased trade and military deployments, and he raised living standards with years of unbroken economic growth.But after a failed 2016 coup, Mr. Erdogan embarked on a sweeping crackdown. Last year, the economy wobbled and the lira plunged soon after he won re-election with even greater powers. As cronyism and authoritarianism seep deeper into his administration, Turks are voting differently — this time with their feet.They are leaving the country in droves and taking talent and capital with them in a way that indicates a broad and alarming loss of confidence in Mr. Erdogan’s vision, according to government statistics and analysts.In the last two to three years, not only have students and academics fled the country, but also entrepreneurs, businesspeople, and thousands of wealthy individuals who are selling everything and moving their families and their money abroad.Some 113,000 Turks emigrated in 2018, a sharp increase over the previous year, when more than 69,000 left the country, according to the Turkish Institute of Statistics.Turkey has seen waves of students and teachers leave before, but this exodus looks like a more permanent reordering of the society and threatens to set Turkey back decades, said Ibrahim Sirkeci, director of transnational studies at Regent’s University in London, and other analysts.“The brain drain is real,” Mr. Sirkeci said.The flight of people, talent and capital is being driven by a powerful combination of factors that have come to define life under Mr. Erdogan and that his opponents increasingly despair is here to stay.They include fear of political persecution, terrorism, a deepening distrust of the judiciary and the arbitrariness of the rule of law, and a deteriorating business climate, accelerated by worries that Mr. Erdogan is unsoundly manipulating management of the economy to benefit himself and his inner circle.The result is that, for the first time since the republic was founded nearly a century ago, many from the old moneyed class, in particular the secular elite who have dominated Turkey’s cultural and business life for decades, are moving away and the new rich close to Mr. Erdogan and his governing party are taking their place.One of those leaving is Merve Bayindir, 38, who is relocating to London after becoming Turkey’s go-to hat designer in the fashionable Nisantasi district of Istanbul.“We are selling everything,” she said in an interview during a return trip to Istanbul last month to close what was left of her business, MerveBayindir, which she runs with her mother, and to sell their four-story house.Ms. Bayindir was an active participant in the 2013 protests against the government’s attempt to develop Taksim Square in Istanbul. She said she remains traumatized by the violence and fearful in her own city.Mr. Erdogan denounced the protesters as delinquents and after enduring arrests and harassment many have left the country.“There is so much discrimination, not only cultural but personal, the anger, the violence is impossible to handle,” Ms. Bayindir said. “If you had something better and you see it dissolving, it’s a hopeless road.”Thousands of Turks like her have applied for business visas in Britain or for golden visa programs in Greece, Portugal and Spain, which grant immigrants residency if they buy property at a certain level.Applications for asylum in Europe by Turks have also multiplied in the last three years, according to Mr. Sirkeci, who has studied the migration of Turks to Britain for 25 years.He estimates that 10,000 Turks have made use of a business visa plan to move to Britain in the last few years, with a sharp jump in applications since the beginning of 2016. That is double the number from 2004 to 2015.Applications by Turkish citizens for political asylum also jumped threefold in Britain in the six months after the coup attempt, and sixfold among Turks applying for asylum in Germany, he said, citing figures obtained from the United Nations refugee agency. The number of Turks applying for asylum worldwide jumped by 10,000 in 2017 to more than 33,000.A large proportion of those fleeing have been followers of Fethullah Gulen, the Pennsylvania-based preacher who is charged with instigating the 2016 coup, or people accused of being followers, often on flimsy evidence.Tens of thousands of teachers and academics were purged from their jobs after the coup, including hundreds who had signed a peace petition calling on the government to cease military action in Kurdish cities and return to the peace process. Hundreds have taken up posts abroad.Mr. Erdogan has tried to make Turkey more conservative and religious, with a growing middle class and a tight circle of elites who are especially beholden to him for their economic success.The flight of capital and talent is the result of this conscious effort by Mr. Erdogan to transform the society, said Bekir Agirdir, director of the Konda polling company.With the help of subsidies and favorable contracts, the government has helped new businesses to emerge, and they are rapidly replacing the old ones, he said. “There is a transfer of capital underway,” he said. “It is social and political engineering.”Ilker Birbil, a mathematician who faces charges for signing the peace petition and left Turkey to take up a position at Erasmus University Rotterdam in the Netherlands, warned that the country was losing people permanently.“People who are leaving do not want to come back,” Mr. Birbil said, citing the polarized political climate in the country. “This is alarming for Turkey.”“I have received so many emails from students and friends who are trying to get out of Turkey,” he said.Students are despairing of change partly because they have grown up with Mr. Erdogan in power for 17 years, said Erhan Erkut, a founder of MEF University in Istanbul, which teaches innovation and entrepreneurship.“This is the only government they have seen, they do not know there is another possibility,” he said.Families are setting up businesses abroad for the next generation to inherit, said Mr. Sirkeci of Regent’s University, adding that many students at his private university fell into that category.At least 12,000 of Turkey’s millionaires — around 12 percent of the country’s wealthy class — moved their assets out of the country in 2016 and 2017, according to the Global Wealth Migration Review, an annual report produced by AfrAsia Bank.Most of them moved to Europe or the United Arab Emirates, the report said. Turkey’s largest business center, Istanbul, was listed among the top seven cities worldwide experiencing an exodus of wealthy people.“If one looks at any major country collapse in history, it is normally preceded by a migration of wealthy people away from that country,” the report said.Mr. Erdogan has reviled as traitors businesspeople who have moved their assets abroad as the Turkish economy began to falter.“Pardon us, we do not forgive,” he warned in a speech at the Foreign Economic Relations Board, a business association in Istanbul in April. “The hands of our nation would be on their collars both in this world and in the afterlife.”“Behavior like this cannot have a valid explanation,” Mr. Erdogan added.His comments came amid reports that some of Turkey’s largest companies were divesting in Turkey. Several such companies have made significant transfers of capital abroad, amid fears they would be targeted in the post-coup crackdown or as the economy began to contract.One is the Turkish food giant Yildiz Holding, which came under fire on social media as being linked to Mr. Gulen’s movement.Soon after, Yildiz rescheduled $7 billion of debt and sold shares of its Turkish biscuit maker, Ulker, to its London-based holding company, essentially transferring the family’s majority holding of Ulker out of reach of Turkish courts.(Yildiz representatives did not immediately respond to requests for an interview, but after publication of this article, they said that its companies were in no way associated with the Gulenist movement, which it called a “terrorist” group, and that the transfer of its debt and shares to its London-based holding company had no impact on its company’s commitment to and operations in Turkey.)“Billions of dollars have fled Turkey in the last couple of years, especially after the coup attempt when people started to feel threatened,” said Mehmet Gun, the owner of a law firm in Istanbul.Ms. Bayindir, the designer, began slowly moving her company to London two years ago. In Turkey she had half a dozen workers and a showroom, but now she designs and makes the hats herself out of a rented atelier in London.“I could have stayed,” in Istanbul, she said. “‘I would be better off.”But life in Turkey had become so tense, she said, that she fears civil strife or even civil war could develop between Erdogan supporters and their opponents.“Now when I come here I don’t see the same Istanbul. She does not have energy anymore. She looks tired,” Ms. Bayindir said. “Me not wanting to come here is a big, big thing, because I am one of those people who is in love with the city itself.”BERLIN — Clean-shaven, well-dressed and polite, Martin Sellner is the poster boy of Europe’s new far right. A 30-year-old philosophy graduate, he blogs about what he says is the threat Muslim immigration poses for Europe, stages nonviolent protests and is widely known on the global far-right scene.Just how widely became clear this week when it emerged that Mr. Sellner received a 1,500 euro donation — about $1,700 — a year ago from Brenton Harrison Tarrant of Australia, who is accused of killing 50 Muslim worshipers in Christchurch, New Zealand, two weeks ago.“He gave me a generous donation and I thanked him, that’s all,” Mr. Sellner said in a telephone interview Wednesday, condemning the attack but acknowledging that the two men had written back and forth a few times over email.That contact with the Christchurch suspect has renewed concerns that despite a self-conscious effort by Europe’s “new right” to rebrand itself with more careful language and a youthful face, its ideology is not much different from that of the neo-Nazis of old.And now, some say, the ideas promoted by Mr. Sellner and his increasingly well-networked web of actors may serve as an incitement to terrorism with a potentially global reach.“The ethos of the identitarians is nonviolent,” said Peter Neumann, director of the International Center for the Study of Radicalization at King’s College in London. “But they promote an idea that is taken by some people to justify violence. It is not directly responsible for the violence — but it enables it.”Austrian security services raided Mr. Sellner’s apartment on Monday, confiscating his electronics and opening an investigation into links between the Christchurch attack and Mr. Sellner’s movement, Generation Identity.[Read more about the growth of Generation Identity.]Chancellor Sebastian Kurz of Austria, a conservative, said Wednesday that his government was considering banning Mr. Sellner’s movement. “There is no tolerance for dangerous ideology,” he said.Beyond the email exchange and the donation, there are other indicators that Mr. Sellner influenced the thinking of the Christchurch attack suspect.Generation Identity’s flagship idea — the “Great Replacement” — was also the title of the manifesto Mr. Tarrant released through his social media account on the morning of the massacre. It is essentially a conspiracy theory that accuses liberal politicians of deliberately acting to supplant white Europeans with Muslims through mass migration and higher birthrates.Mr. Sellner himself acknowledged in the telephone interview that Mr. Tarrant had expressed admiration for his work, and that he in turn had pointed Mr. Tarrant to his English-language YouTube videos. He also did not exclude the possibility that Mr. Tarrant’s email had ended up in a list he used for groups emails.In September 2018, around the time Mr. Tarrant was believed to be touring Europe, Mr. Sellner posted a YouTube video about the “Great Replacement.” It has had over 100,000 views.Mr. Sellner said he had never met Mr. Tarrant, who is reported to have visited Vienna during his travels, and rejected the idea that he could be held responsible for his actions.Generation Identity originated in France in the orbit of the nativist essayist Renaud Camus. It has chapters in several European countries, counting a few thousand committed followers but far more sympathizers, officials say.Mr. Neumann of King’s College in London compared the movement to the Muslim Brotherhood, which has also mixed powerful conspiracy theories with a sense of existential crisis. “They argue that an invasion is happening, that it is us against Islam,” Mr. Neumann said.He said: “If you relentlessly speak about an existential threat, you can’t be surprised when some people take the logical next step and use violence. If the Muslims are invading and fighting a war against us and our identity, then there is only one answer: ‘We have to defend ourselves.’”Like jihadist ideologues, who mark key battle dates against the crusaders, Generation Identity commemorates dates when Europeans fought back foreign — and often Muslim — invaders.“Our ancestors protected Vienna,” Mr. Sellner said in an earlier interview last fall. “Now it’s our turn.”The movement’s symbol is the Greek lambda, which is said to have marked the shields of Spartans when they fought back Persian invaders in 480 B.C. Every September in Vienna, Mr. Sellner and fellow activists march in honor of Prince Eugene, who beat back the Ottomans outside Vienna in 1683.It is a narrative that risks mutually reinforcing violent extremism on both sides, Mr. Neumann said.“What unites jihadis and the new right is the idea that the fight has never stopped,” Mr. Neumann said. “We are in a modern replay of the Crusades. This is what unites the two forms of extremism. And it mutually reinforces the narrative of Islam and West being in an existential standoff.”Mr. Sellner does not like the analogy. He prefers to compare his link to the mosque shooting suspect to that between leftist activists — his own parents once fell into that category — and leftist terrorists. Someone who talks about class struggle can hardly be held responsible for leftist militants then exploding a bomb, he said.In his leather jacket and trendy horn-rimmed glasses, Mr. Sellner embodies the image makeover of the far right. He has admitted to once being a member of a neo-Nazi group, but these days, Gandhi and Martin Luther King share book shelf in his Viennese apartment. He calls himself a patriot and a democrat.Experts like Mr. Neumann don’t buy it.“The presentation has changed, but the message is still racist,” Mr. Neumann said. “When they talk about European identity, they mean white Christian identity. They use friendly, progressive language, but the content is the same old.”What’s genuinely new, he said, “is that they are increasingly globally networked.”Mr. Sellner also personifies the reach of an increasingly global movement with his close links to activists across Europe and the United States: He is engaged to Brittany Pettibone, an American YouTuber with links to the alt-right who once claimed there was a “white genocide” in South Africa.The couple routinely appear on videos together, recently expressing admiration for Hungary’s increasingly authoritarian prime minister, Victor Orban, and Italy’s vice premier Matteo Salvini.In the interview, Mr. Sellner described President Trump as “a catalyst for the European right” and expressed his admiration for Mr. Kurz, the Austrian chancellor, for daring to go into coalition with the far right.The movement is having an influence on politicians.Alexander Gauland, co-leader of the far-right Alternative for Germany party, made ‘‘the Great Replacement’’ the title of a news release in April 2017, six months before his party became the third-strongest in the German Parliament.That same year, Heinz-Christian Strache, now the Austrian vice chancellor, urged voters on Facebook to replace mainstream politicians “before they replace the Austrian population in its totality.”He has since deleted the post, but the fact Mr. Sellner’s movement has longstanding links to the far-right Freedom party, which is now part of the Austrian government, has made any investigation into the movement particularly fraught.Last year, the interior minister, Herbert Kickl, who is a Freedom Party member, ordered a police raid on the domestic intelligence service, a move some interpreted as a way for the minister to find out what the security services knew about his party’s far-right network.When Mr. Kurz pointedly demanded that law enforcement agencies and the justice system uncover the full extent of links to the attack in New Zealand, some saw this also as a veiled warning to his own minister.“Any link between the Christchurch attacker and the members of Generation Identity in Austria must be brought to light unsparingly,” Mr. Kurz said.The police in New Zealand said Wednesday that its investigating team was making a large number of inquiries, both across New Zealand and internationally, but declined to provide details.Mr. Sellner warned that Mr. Kurz’s threat to potentially ban Generation Identity risked pushing people underground and toward greater extremism.“We are a patriotic movement on the nationalist right, and we are committed to nonviolence,” Mr. Sellner said.He said: “If you take people’s right to debate away and push them underground, there is a risk of radicalization. Then people might say ‘Tarrant is right.’”[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]For years, Todd R. Howe reaped the rewards of being a Cuomo family loyalist.He had worked for Gov. Mario M. Cuomo in the 1980s, and then for his son, Andrew, in the 1990s. He traded on his reputation as an Albany insider and earned up to $750,000 a year as a lobbyist and consultant. He vacationed in St. Lucia and drove a Porsche.Then came a precipitous fall that took him from influencing the powerful in Albany to working as a groundskeeper in Idaho. In 2016, Mr. Howe pleaded guilty to eight felonies and agreed to testify for the prosecution in a sprawling public corruption case that has loomed over Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s administration for more than two years.Seven people were eventually convicted or pleaded guilty in cases that hinged on testimony from Mr. Howe. For that, he was rewarded on Friday with a sentence that included no prison time.The fallout from the case has relentlessly shadowed Mr. Cuomo. Though prosecutors never accused the governor of any wrongdoing, and he has distanced himself from Mr. Howe, political opponents have repeatedly asked what Mr. Cuomo knew. During Mr. Cuomo’s re-election campaign last year, his rivals outright accused him of complicity.One of Mr. Cuomo’s former top lieutenants is now in prison, a conviction that Mr. Cuomo called “personally painful.” A former economic development adviser was convicted, too, and one of the governor’s signature upstate projects was tainted.The governor coasted to re-election last year, winning commanding victories in both the primary and general election. But the trials made clear he had come up short on one of his earliest campaign promises — to clean up Albany and restore public trust in government.On Friday, the series of corruption cases seemed to have found an ending, at least legally, when Mr. Howe appeared in federal court in Manhattan. He was the last of the eight people felled by the corruption scandal to be sentenced.While the governor’s aide, Joseph Percoco, received six years in prison after being convicted on three charges, the judge, Valerie E. Caproni, sentenced Mr. Howe to five years of probation.The light sentence recognized Mr. Howe’s turn as the star witness in the case. (He had faced up to 14 years in prison for his eight felonies.) Testifying during Mr. Percoco’s trial, Mr. Howe had offered an intimate, unvarnished and damning view of the highest levels of state government.He described setting up a fund-raising breakfast for Mr. Cuomo with developers who wanted state business, arranging a paid fishing trip between developers and Mr. Percoco, and ultimately facilitating more than $300,000 in bribes to Mr. Percoco for his help in securing state deals.Judge Caproni said before imposing her sentence that Mr. Howe’s actions had fed the cynical view that state government was “all about who knows who and who’s greasing whose palm.”“Howe knew how to get someone in the good graces of Andrew Cuomo,” she said.Mr. Howe, asking for leniency, described the atmosphere in Albany that he said drove him to corruption.“I had to stay relevant, and I had to stay successful,” he told the judge. “It was a tough environment to be in, but I did the things I needed to do to be relevant.”Mr. Howe earned little sympathy during the trial itself. Prosecutors and defense lawyers revealed unsavory behavior ranging from embezzlement to doctoring emails to lying to his dog walker.He was even thrown into jail in the middle of Mr. Percoco’s trial, when he admitted that he had tried to defraud his credit card company at the same time that he was cooperating with the government.Mr. Howe called his six months in jail in Brooklyn “a horrible situation for me,” but also a “learning experience.”“It made me realize all the things I had lost,” he said.Perhaps because of Mr. Howe’s unsavory history and its potential to undermine the prosecution’s case, the government did not call him to testify in a second, related corruption trial, though his name was mentioned frequently there, too. That trial led to the conviction of Alain E. Kaloyeros, Mr. Cuomo’s economic development guru.Since Mr. Howe’s release from jail, he and his wife have been living in Ketchum, Idaho. Mr. Howe works as a groundskeeper at a ski resort, maintaining a playground for the wealthy rather than patronizing one himself, as he once might have done.As part of his guilty pleas, Mr. Howe must repay his old law firm $1.7 million that he embezzled and forfeit an additional $2.8 million.“Their simpler life centers around the beauty of the surrounding mountains and peaceful time spent together,” Mr. Howe’s lawyers wrote in court papers. They said Mr. Howe had escaped from “the snaking vines of the lobbying network.”After the sentencing, Mr. Howe, a wide grin on his face, shook hands with a few people in the courtroom. His lawyer, Savannah Stevenson, said Mr. Howe was “humbled, grateful and pleased” by the decision.As he left the courthouse, Mr. Howe was asked if he had any message to give to Mr. Cuomo. He shook his head slightly. “No,” he said.A friend of mine says that whenever he walks into someone’s home he’s tempted to yell out, “Hey, Alexa,” or “O.K., Google,” and order 50 pizzas, just to see if there’s a device listening in on whatever gossip he planned to dish out next.Shoshana Zuboff would undoubtedly get the joke, but she probably wouldn’t laugh. In “The Age of Surveillance Capitalism,” she warns against mistaking the soothing voice of a personal digital assistant for “anything other than the exploitation of your needs.” The cliché that “if you’re not paying for it, you’re the product” isn’t alarming enough for her. She likens the big tech platforms to elephant poachers, and our personal data to ivory tusks. “You are not the product,” she says. “You are the abandoned carcass.”O.K., Zuboff, tell me more. It’s a testament to how extraordinarily intelligent her book is that by the time I was compared to an elephant carcass, I resisted the urge to toss it across the room. Zuboff, a professor emerita of Harvard Business School and the author of “In the Age of the Smart Machine” (1988), has a dramatic streak that could come off as simply grandiose if she didn’t so painstakingly make her case. She says we’re living through such “a bold and unprecedented shift in capitalist methods” that even as we encounter the occasional story about Facebook allowing its corporate clients to read users’ private messages or the software in Google’s Street View cars scraping unencrypted information from people’s homes, the American public doesn’t yet grasp the new dispensation in its entirety.So many people take care to calibrate their privacy settings just so, sharing certain things with friends and keeping other things hidden, while their data still gets collected and shared among apps for possible monetization now or later. Google and Facebook might not call to mind the belching smoke stacks and child laborers of the Industrial Revolution, but Zuboff argues that they’re run by people who have turned out to be just as ruthless and profit-seeking as any Gilded Age tycoon. Instead of mining the natural landscape, surveillance capitalists extract their raw material from human experience.This business model emerged almost by accident. Zuboff describes how Google, in its early days, happened to keep a cache of data byproducts — spelling, click patterns, location — that were produced with each search. It was only after the dot-com bubble burst in 2000 that the company was forced to figure out how to do more than simply provide a free service to its users. It settled on selling advertising, but the advertising would be “relevant” and “targeted,” using all the detailed behavioral information Google had collected from users.ImageShoshana ZuboffCreditMichael D. Wilson“This new market form declares that serving the genuine needs of people is less lucrative, and therefore less important, than selling predictions of their behavior,” Zuboff writes. Whatever gauzy sentiments the new kinds of capitalists espouse (or even believe) about building community and democratizing knowledge get subordinated to the brute demands of economic survival — hence the relentless accumulation of additional data sources, and the ardent lobbying against government regulation.Surveillance capitalism has flourished precisely because it fulfills what Zuboff concedes are real needs and desires. Online platforms offer us ways to “ease the complexities of our harried lives.” In exchange for surveillance we get convenience, efficiency and social connection.Google comes in for plenty of criticism from Zuboff, but she is equally scathing about Facebook. (She calls Sheryl Sandberg, who worked at Google before becoming Facebook’s chief operating officer, “the ‘Typhoid Mary’ of surveillance capitalism.”) Facebook has learned how to manipulate empathy and attachment in order to increase engagement and make billions. In a document sent to advertisers in Australia and New Zealand, Facebook bragged of its ability to discern exactly when a young person could use a “confidence boost.” And then there are the Facebook scandals involving Cambridge Analytica and the Kremlin during the 2016 election, with their deployment of personality tests and viral memes; it’s all fun and games until the host of “The Apprentice” becomes president.Surveillance capitalists like to depict themselves as more socially enlightened than their industrial predecessors, but in Zuboff’s reckoning they ask for a lot while giving relatively little back. Their companies operate at “hyperscale”: Despite their enormous market capitalization, Google and Facebook each employ far fewer workers than General Motors once did, even during the depths of the Great Depression. Citing the economic historian Karl Polanyi, Zuboff shows how postwar corporations were expected to offer some sort of communal reciprocity — hiring workers and hiking wages, sharing prosperity rather than hoarding it. The ascendancy of neoliberalism in the 1970s, she says, laid the groundwork for Silicon Valley to promote an extreme form of entrepreneurial capitalism, unencumbered by any substantive responsibility to the communities it purports to serve.Zuboff can get overheated with her metaphors; an extended passage with tech executives as Spanish conquistadors and the rest of us as indigenous peoples is frankly ridiculous, even if I can understand how Zuboff thought the phrase “rivers of blood” would get her urgency across. The system she minutely describes is scary enough (I now have a clearer picture of why the Pokémon Go app, a real data gobbler, was offered for free) without dialing the volume up to 11.But then maybe my reflexive discomfort only indicates that I’ve become acclimated — or “habituated,” as Zuboff likes to say — to the world that surveillance capitalists have created. Absorbing Zuboff’s methodical determination, the way she pieces together sundry examples into this comprehensive work of scholarship and synthesis, requires patience, but the rewards are considerable — a heightened sense of awareness, and a deeper appreciation of what’s at stake. A business model that seeks growth by cataloging our “every move, emotion, utterance and desire” is too radical to be taken for granted. As Zuboff repeatedly says near the end of the book, “It is not O.K.”If your only goal is to provide the basics of personal finance, writing a good advice book is straightforward.You will need to discuss saving, including how to live below your means — and then probably move on to investing the money you’ve saved. At that point, you explain how to diversify a portfolio with stocks, bonds and cash equivalents, like certificates of deposit. The details may get complicated, but the overall design is simple enough.But if you want to create a more complex personal finance book, things are likely to get challenging in a hurry, because you must accomplish three essentials.First, you need to find a new take on those bare-bones basics. Then, to hook readers, you need to come up with an intriguing angle. Finally, you need to show readers how they will benefit from putting your novel approach to work.Allison Schrager has clearly written a book of the complex kind: “An Economist Walks Into a Brothel: And Other Unexpected Places to Understand Risk” (Portfolio/Penguin, $27). She accomplishes two of the three tasks I’ve outlined, and does so quite nicely.Unfortunately, she falls short in the important news-you-can-use category. And that’s too bad, because, as her title suggests, she has a provocative approach, and she has an interesting take on investing as well.A columnist at Quartz, the news website, Ms. Schrager was trained as an economist. She teaches Strategic Risk Taking at New York University, and her book emphasizes the importance of getting a good handle on investment risk which, she says, many of us do not really understand.In her account, risk assessment involves analyzing the probability of “everything that might happen — both good and bad.”“We are often taught to think of decisions in terms of, ‘If I do X, then I’ll get Y,’” she says, “but in reality, any time we can make a decision, a range of Y’s could happen, from a superior Y to a terrible outcome.”We can’t guarantee positive outcomes, she says, but, “We can increase the odds that things will work out.”How so?Start by defining your goal, she says. Then ask, “How can you achieve your goal with no risk at all, or as little risk as possible?”For example, let’s say you want to figure out how much money you need for retirement. If you use her framework, she suggests you may discover that traditional approaches are riskier than you might have thought.One such approach is to invest as much as you can, and, once you retire, draw out a fixed amount annually. A common rule of thumb is to withdraw 4 percent of your portfolio each year. But if you follow that rule strictly, the dollar amount of that annual 4 percent withdrawal will vary, depending on the performance of your portfolio.“That’s where the strategy goes wrong,” she says. “A predictable salary, like the one you earned when you were working, should be the goal of your retirement fund. Most workers wouldn’t accept a salary that varies with stock prices — why should retirees?”You can gain certainty by buying a fixed annuity. That requires you to hand over some, or all, of your money to an investment firm in exchange for guaranteed payouts.All of this is worth thinking about, but if you want to know what you should do, there is no answer here. The problem, in this case, is that Ms. Schrager doesn’t make a recommendation to buy annuities, nor does she come out against them. That kind of fuzziness, when it comes to practical recommendations, is a flaw in the book.Telling people how to think about risk, in general, is fine. Specific ideas for how to invest with the best performance for the least amount of risk would have been better.Risk at workStill, Ms. Schrager tells many entertaining stories about how people in various professions as diverse as horse breeding and the military go about trying to reduce risk. I particularly enjoyed one about paparazzi: They form pools to share their pictures with other photographers to make sure they are not shut out when staking out celebrities. And I also liked the one about the poker champion who increases his chances of winning by playing far more conservatively than the typical recreational player.Both of those stories support her subtitle, about going to unexpected places to understand risk.But how is a reader supposed to benefit from these forays? I could infer from the paparazzi story that I should pool my investments by buying mutual funds as opposed to individual equities. My lesson from the poker champion could be to temper my expectations — you can’t win every pot — and also to keep my emotions in check.But why should I have to work hard to come to conclusions like these, without ever being certain that they are the ones she intended? It would have been helpful if Ms. Schrager had connected the dots.That said, the book fulfills its promise. Ms. Schrager did indeed walk into a brothel; several, actually, in Nevada. The point of that exercise was to understand how prostitutes can reduce the risk that comes with their job.The solution for those she interviewed involved working in legal establishments, where management took half of the women’s revenue in exchange for greater security.The women didn’t have to worry about undercover police officers, for example, because in legal brothels, they weren’t violating any laws. And they reduced the danger from nasty, violent customers because there were panic buttons in every room, with guards stationed nearby. And if the women needed protection getting home, the guards would escort them.There were trade-offs, in other words, that made an occupation that was less than ideal a little bit better.Is investing like prostitution? Other than the risk involved in both cases, I’m not sure. But her discussion did make the risk reduction in investing seem prudent, as well as minimal and inexpensive.Susan Covell Alpert was crushed by grief when her 71-year-old husband, Larry, died of leukemia in 2008. Adding to her misery, a tidal wave of financial decisions and tasks demanded the new widow’s attention at a time when she could barely think straight.Like many couples, Susan and Larry, who were married for 46 years, had divided the financial chores. Larry handled the investments, and Susan paid some bills. Though Ms. Alpert owned a business arranging travel incentives for large corporations, she was not prepared to manage the household’s financial affairs.“I knew every stock, and I knew where everything was,” said Ms. Alpert, 78. “But I didn’t know what to do with it all.”Nor did she know what the investments were worth. Rather than holding securities in a brokerage account, Mr. Alpert had opted for paper certificates, which he kept in his desk in their home in Newport Beach, Calif. Ms. Alpert hired a bookkeeper and a financial adviser, and it took them a year to determine the value of the more than 120 certificates, she said.That was just one of numerous issues that Ms. Alpert confronted. Besides the settlement of the estate, there were insurance companies to call, banks to visit, credit cards to cancel, documents to collect and her husband’s business partnership to unwind.“I was in the most fragile part of my life, and there was no time to breathe,” she said.Ms. Alpert decided to approach the “chaos” as she would a business. She spent six to eight hours a day for many months tackling the paperwork — color-coded file folders and all. A grief therapist advised her to get dressed every day and to eat regularly.“She also made me promise not to go into my home office one day a week,” Ms. Alpert said.In 2013, Ms. Alpert opened a consulting business to advise other widows on handling the practical aspects of settling an estate. She also wrote a book, “Driving Solo: Dealing With Grief and the Business of Financial Survival.”A spouse’s death is one of the most emotionally wrenching events in a person’s life. Because they live longer, women are more likely than men to lose a spouse. Roughly 34 percent of women 65 and older were widows in 2016, compared with about 12 percent of men, according to the Census Bureau.The financial challenges can be especially daunting for women. Husbands tend to earn more than their wives, and the end of that income can be a big blow. And in more cases than not, husbands oversee the household finances, often leaving their widows scrambling to sort everything out. If that’s not enough, many widows are immediately deluged by tasks that come with settling an estate.“I was buried in boxes filled with legal paperwork, tax paperwork, trust paperwork, and I didn’t know what I was doing,” said Ellen Speyer, whose husband died in 2003.As tempting as it may be to charge ahead, however, new widows should postpone making major — and irreversible — financial decisions for six months to a year, said Alexandra Armstrong, a certified financial planner in Washington. Those decisions include selling a house, lending money to relatives or paying off a mortgage. It also means resisting sales pitches to plow insurance proceeds into annuities or other investments that tie up funds perhaps forever.“Widows may not recognize that they are in a state of shock, and they will not make wise decisions,” said Ms. Armstrong, author of “On Your Own: A Widow’s Passage to Emotional and Financial Well-Being.” “They should not jump into anything until they have a grip on their financial situation.”The To-Do ListSurviving spouses can alleviate some stress by attacking the to-do list in stages, Ms. Armstrong said. At the top: Notify the Social Security Administration, call the life insurance company and pay important bills, such as those for utilities and property insurance premiums. If a husband was still working when he died, his widow should check with his employer for any unpaid salary, accrued vacation days and retirement plans. She also may be eligible for veterans’ benefits.One of Ms. Alpert’s first moves was to name her two adult daughters as her agents for her financial and health care powers of attorney.When it comes to insurance proceeds, Ms. Armstrong said, widows typically can choose between a lump sum and monthly payouts. The decision, she said, will depend on the widow’s immediate cash needs and whether she could earn more than the payout by investing the lump sum. She said a widow should ask an objective adviser to review her overall financial picture before she decided.By choosing the right Social Security claiming strategy based on her age and income, a surviving spouse can increase her benefit. “This is as close to free money as you can get,” said Jeffrey Levine, chief executive of BluePrint Wealth Alliance in Garden City, N.Y.A widow who waits until her full retirement age of 66 (for those born between 1945 and 1956) can claim the full survivor benefit, which is 100 percent of her husband’s benefit. She is eligible for a survivor benefit at 60, but it will be reduced for each month she claims before 66. If both spouses are at least 70 when the husband dies, a wife should switch to a survivor benefit if her benefit is smaller than his.Younger spouses have more options to maximize benefits, Mr. Levine said. For example, a surviving spouse who is the lower earner can create an income stream by collecting her own retirement benefit when she is eligible at 62 and switch to the higher survivor benefit when she turns 66. Taking her retirement benefit early will not reduce the survivor benefit.A wife who is eligible for a higher retirement benefit should take the opposite tack: She can collect a reduced survivor benefit early and switch at 70 to her own retirement benefit.Meanwhile, a spouse who inherits an individual retirement account has several choices. If she is younger than 70½ and does not need the money, she could, with the help of a brokerage firm, transfer her husband’s account directly into her own I.R.A. and then update the beneficiaries. She will not be required to take annual distributions until she is 70½, thus extending the time the funds can grow tax free.If a widow is younger than 59½ and may need the money, she can transfer the assets into a new inherited I.R.A. She can take taxable distributions without having to pay the 10 percent penalty imposed on early withdrawers, Mr. Levine said.Making Financial DecisionsFor a preliminary assessment of cash flow, a widow can tote up sources of income and fixed expenses. But for a deeper dive, Ms. Alpert recommends adding a financial adviser to a team of professionals. While she and her husband already had an estate lawyer and an accountant, a friend helped her find a financial services firm. When she met with two young men from the firm, “I told them, ‘Take care of me like you would take care of your mother,’” she said.The financial adviser may reposition investments to provide additional income, Ms. Armstrong said. Though each case is different, she said, “I believe in buying good-quality stocks where there is a good potential for rising dividends.” If Ms. Armstrong decides an annuity is a nice fit, she will analyze the oft-hidden costs of an array of complex products.Kathleen M. Rehl, an author and a speaker who helps financial planners address the needs of widows, cautioned that widows often changed advisers because many do not understand a widow’s grief.“A widow should find an adviser who listens to her and does not try to rush her,” said Ms. Rehl, of St. Petersburg, Fla.Ms. Speyer and her husband, Ronald, had been seeing a financial adviser at a large brokerage firm who, she said, “did not take my questions seriously.” Shortly before Mr. Speyer died of Hodgkin’s lymphoma at age 57, they switched to an adviser at a small firm.“She was very kind and very thoughtful,” said Ms. Speyer, 71, a therapist in Irvine, Calif.For years, Mr. Speyer had monitored the overall finances and transferred what his wife needed to pay household bills. “I didn’t have to worry when I turned up the heat or went to the market,” Ms. Speyer said. “But I didn’t know the total cost of everything against our savings and income.”After her husband died, Ms. Speyer lost the income from a consulting firm he owned. Though moving to a smaller house would have freed up cash, she wanted to reduce the disruption for her 10-year-old daughter, she said.The adviser, whom Ms. Speyer still sees, diversified her portfolio and invested the proceeds from a life insurance policy. The adviser also created a budget and a long-term investment plan.To help make ends meet, Ms. Speyer received help from her parents, dipped into savings and “went into overdrive” at work, she said. Using personal-finance software that her brother installed, Ms. Speyer monitored her spending and reduced her discretionary expenses, such as new clothes, travel and entertainment.Sixteen years later, Ms. Speyer said she hoped to keep her finances on a firm footing by postponing retirement indefinitely.“It took a long time to get back the feeling of security,” she said. “I feel very proud about what I have accomplished.”The pitch landed in an email inbox at the offices of Qatar’s World Cup bid at a crucial time in the summer of 2010, only months before FIFA would meet to pick the host of its quadrennial soccer championship.The sender was Cornerstone Global Associates, a little-known consulting firm based in London, and in the email the company’s president laid out a plan to assist Qatar — tiny, dusty, hot and, to many observers, ill-suited to host sports’ most-watched event — with its mounting public relations problems.The Qataris declined the offer, one of several that had arrived unsolicited that summer, and Cornerstone’s president moved on as well: For the next few years, he continued to offer support for the emirate and its World Cup on his active social media accounts.But the criticism of Qatar did not go away: Year after year, news reports assailed the emirate over whether it was suitable as a host for the World Cup, over the way it had won the vote and over its treatment of migrant workers. In October 2017, the tone of the coverage turned ominous when the BBC led reports on its website and news channel by warning darkly that there was “an increasing political risk that Qatar may not host the World Cup in 2022.”The article created a ripple of similar pieces in the British and international news media, all of them referring to the same report: “Qatar in Focus: Is the FIFA World Cup 2022 in Danger?” The report asserted that “Western diplomats have privately stated they do not know whether or not the tournament will take place as planned.”What was most intriguing, though, was not the report’s conclusions but its author: Cornerstone Global Associates.A World Cup in PlayThe 2022 World Cup will be the first one played in the Arab world, and it has been a hot-button issue in soccer since the moment Qatar won the hosting rights. But in the 19 months since Saudi Arabia and several other Arab nations began a punishing boycott of neighboring Qatar, the tournament has become something else: a proxy in the broader geopolitical dispute transfixing the Gulf. In that smaller sporting fight, the goal appears to be to scuttle the tournament or, failing that, to humble Qatar by forcing it to share the event with its political enemies.The dispute has added a new dimension to a specialized industry in which consultants and other insiders can earn millions of dollars for their efforts to shift public opinion in favor of the nations that finance them, or against those countries’ rivals. At times, that hidden work — exploiting the dark arts of leaked documents, whispered secrets and shifting allegiances — has drawn journalists, government officials and even President Trump into the fight. The intricacies of the campaigns are sometimes revealed only after information from one side or the other is leaked.When a trove of the emails of the United Arab Emirates’ ambassador to Washington was stolen and released in 2017, for example, it revealed a broad influence campaign financed by the U.A.E. that hoped to use American journalists and think tanks to reposition Qatar and its World Cup in a negative light. A year later, an article in Britain’s Sunday Times suggested that Qatar was just as adept at those kinds of shadow campaigns: The Times’s reporting showed that Qatar had hired an American public relations firm to disparage its 2022 rivals during its campaign to win the World Cup.The New York Times itself received several batches of documents from an anonymous source last year. Over a period of several months, the source, claiming to be someone close to Cornerstone who had become disillusioned with how soccer was being politicized, answered questions related to the disclosure over encrypted email. The Times was able to independently confirm some of the meetings and conversations described in the documents, which appear to fit the pattern of the Gulf’s continuing tit-for-tat information war.Viewed through that prism, Cornerstone’s about-face on Qatar in 2017, then, was hardly a surprise. The timing was important, though; Cornerstone’s anti-Qatar report, publicized by the BBC, was published only months after the start of the Saudi- and U.A.E.-led blockade of Qatar. The blockade is the result of a long-running political dispute between Qatar and several of its neighbors, who accuse it of financing terrorism and working too closely with Iran. But the breadth and specifics of the campaign to hamstring Qatar’s World Cup are laid out in documents that reveal close ties between Cornerstone Global Associates and individuals and companies in the U.A.E.One Cornerstone document outlines a plan to produce a report linking Qatar to the Muslim Brotherhood, and several others discuss efforts to place articles in the British news media that would damage Qatar’s reputation. Cornerstone’s success in providing some source material for the BBC report, for example, involved first cultivating a relationship with a long-term critic of the U.A.E.’s human rights record before asking him to write the skeptical report about Qatar’s World Cup. The critic, the journalist and activist Rori Donaghy, denied that Cornerstone had had any role in influencing or altering his conclusions, saying that the report was “solely by me, independent of anyone else.”But after the initial flurry of negative headlines, and after Cornerstone’s impartiality was called into question, the BBC changed the online version of the report to soften some of the allegations made by Cornerstone. A BBC spokesman said that it was standard practice to update articles throughout the day and that “there were no corrections to note.”Insider HelpCornerstone’s president, Ghanem Nuseibeh, was hardly a neutral party in the Gulf dispute. Although he offered his help in burnishing Qatar’s reputation in 2010, Nuseibeh has close links to the U.A.E. elite: He is a relative of both the U.A.E.’s minister of state and the country’s ambassador to the United Nations.A keen social media user who had been generally supportive of Qatar’s efforts to bring the World Cup to the Middle East in the years that followed his initial pitch to the bid committee, by 2017 he had become a frequent Qatari critic and a backer of the blockade and the countries leading it.In an interview with The Times in London, Nuseibeh insisted that he had always favored a regional World Cup over one in Qatar and stressed that the personal views he shares on social media had not clouded the work in the reports Cornerstone produces, which he insisted was not financed by a third party. It is unclear who paid for the work focused on Qatar’s World Cup, but a close link between Cornerstone and the U.A.E. is laid out in documents seen by The Times — including one for a $1 million wire transfer in 2015 — and a client list published on the company’s website.One of Cornerstone’s most ambitious projects since the start of the Gulf blockade, crafted at the start of last year, involved pursuing an agreement between Cornerstone and Mike Holtzman, a prominent public relations executive who had worked with Qatar’s 2022 campaign, to disclose damaging information about the World Cup bid in exchange for a $1 million payment.“Mike contacted Ghanem after the BBC report saying that he has information about irregularities related to the Qatar FIFA bid that he is prepared to sell,” according to one Cornerstone document. “Mike explained that he no longer has work in Qatar and that he was not paid for some work he did, and he felt he was cheated.”Citing confidentiality agreements, Nuseibeh said he could not discuss details of any meetings he might have had. That included one in New York with Holtzman and a prominent libel lawyer, Paul Tweed, that was detailed in the documents.Tweed, who acknowledged that Cornerstone was a client, expressed “grave concerns” about the “unlawful accessing of data” that he believed had been “misinterpreted and taken totally out of context.” Holtzman refused to answer questions about his dealings with Cornerstone, citing his own confidentiality agreements.But several months after the New York meeting, Tweed arranged for Nuseibeh to meet with a British politician, Damian Collins. Collins, who had risen to prominence in the British news media by investigating accusations of wrongdoing in the World Cup bidding process in his role as chairman of a parliamentary committee, was a known critic of the Qatar World Cup. Collins confirmed that he had met with Nuseibeh last May.According to a summary of that meeting in a Cornerstone document, Nuseibeh and Tweed laid out to Collins the information that Holtzman had provided about Qatar, including his claim that Qatar’s 2022 bid had employed former C.I.A. operatives to try to undermine its main rivals for the hosting rights.Two months later, in July 2018, The Sunday Times published what it billed as a bombshell: “Exclusive: Qatar Sabotaged 2022 World Cup Rivals With ‘Black Ops.’” The article, which did not cite its source, revealed some of the topics related to Qatar’s World Cup bid that Holtzman had offered to deliver to Cornerstone. It is unclear if he was ever paid by Cornerstone or anyone else.Collins was quoted in the article, however, urging FIFA to investigate the accusations and to strip Qatar of the World Cup if they were true. “The ultimate sanction for breaking the rules,” Collins said, “would be the loss of the right to host the tournament.”A World Cup Under SiegeDespite years of negative publicity, Qatar has managed to withstand every challenge to its hosting the World Cup. Construction continues on the eight stadiums it plans to use for the tournament; one has been completed and two more, including Lusail Stadium, which will host the opening ceremony and the final, are “almost complete,” according to the committee in charge of the project. But Qatar’s defense of the 2022 World Cup is far from over.Nuseibeh, the Cornerstone founder, continues to be a regular critic of the country on social media, and in an interview in November he hinted that more damaging revelations about Qatar could be forthcoming.“If everything I know was out in the media,” he said, “the media would have 365 days of reporting about this.”A more existential fight for the 2022 World Cup continues just out of view: FIFA’s president, Gianni Infantino, has voiced support for a proposal to expand the tournament to 48 teams from 32. The change is a key foreign policy aim of Saudi Arabia and the U.A.E., but it would require not only the Qataris’ consent but also a humbling surrender of its crown jewel, since a 48-team event would be an almost insurmountable logistical challenge for Qatar this close to the tournament unless it agreed to share the hosting rights with its neighbors.Still, Infantino has enthusiastically sold the idea in his travels. In remarks at a meeting of the G20 leaders in Argentina late last year, he said hopefully, “In 2022, we could also experience a World Cup in Qatar as well as — why not? — some games in other countries of the Arabian Gulf.”But a shared World Cup isn’t the only idea being suggested. In the first week of January, a website in Northern Ireland published an article hailing the potential for a huge “economic windfall” for Britain if the 2022 World Cup were stripped from Qatar and moved to England instead.The article was based almost exclusively on a report compiled by a London-based strategy and management consultancy: Cornerstone Global Associates.Speaker Nancy Pelosi and the idealistic class of 64 Democratic House freshmen are armed with a reform agenda.This includes H.R. 1, a 571-page bill that addresses voting rights, corruption, gerrymandering and campaign finance reform as well as the creation of a Select Committee on the Climate Crisis — a first step toward a “Green New Deal.”Proponents of this ambitious project face a determined adversary, however — the top ranks of the interest group establishment, skilled in co-opting liberal members of Congress and converting initiatives to square with the interests of corporate America.The upper stratum of the Washington lobbying community often exercises de facto veto power over the legislative process, dominating congressional policymaking, funneling campaign money to both parties and offering lucrative employment to retiring and defeated members of the House and Senate.Lobbyists exercise this power across the course of a member’s career. “Whoever is elected is immediately met with a growing lobbying onslaught by the same big players,” write Lee Drutman, a senior fellow at New America, Matt Grossmann, a political scientist at Michigan State and Tim LaPira, a political scientist at James Madison University, who have contributed a chapter to “Can America Govern Itself?” a book edited by Francis Lee and Nolan McCarty that is coming out in June.Within the federal lobbying community — a $3.37 billion industry in 2017 — Drutman, Grossmann and LaPira writea limited number of organizations at the very top of the resource distribution have escalated their political investments in ways that increasingly distinguish them from the rest of the pack.This population of groups at the top of the distribution is becoming increasingly stable over the last two decades. This group of top organizations — which we call the top tier — is positioning itself as a distinct class.The authors argue that the first tier lobbying organizationsare analogous to the current generation of very wealthy families who now pay for every conceivable tutor so that their children can be advantaged in applying to elite prep schools and colleges, which are now more and more essential to getting ahead in our increasingly economically stratified society. In both circumstances, financial resources and social connections build up over time, reinforcing stratification. Money does not guarantee outcomes. But it helps reinforce inequalities by widening the gap between the very top and everyone else.The ability of this elite constituency to meet politicians’ demands for campaign contributions and other resources, the authors argue, has allowed Congress to ignore traditional “populist concerns regarding dominant economic interests” as members of the House and Senate “continue their high-dollar fund-raisers and constant meetings with lobbyists.”Despite his right-wing populist campaign and his September 2017 promise — “Our framework includes our explicit commitment that tax reform will protect low-income and middle-income households, not the wealthy and well-connected” — Trump supported and signed into law the $1.5 trillion Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. This extraordinarily regressive legislation decisively favors the rich and corporate interests.As the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center has noted, as a result of the Trump tax bill higher income households will receivelarger average tax cuts as a percentage of after-tax income, with the largest cuts as a share of income going to taxpayers in the 95th to 99th percentiles of the income distribution. On average, in 2027 taxes would change little for lower- and middle-income groups.The Trump administration’s drive to deregulate workplace safety rules and to undermine unions also reflects the impact of the Washington lobbying elite. By definition, lobbies at the highest rungs of the ladder spend more than those lower down, but “the differences are staggering,” Drutman and his colleagues write. The top 100 lobbying groups represent 0.89 percent of the 11,272 registered lobbies, but they “consistently have at least one-third of the in-house lobbyists in Washington, and hire about one in five contract lobbyists from multi-client lobbying firms.” The way it plays out over time, according to Drutman, is that 90 to 95 percent of the top 100 associations and firms represent business interests, as opposed to labor, consumers, or environmentalists. The top 100 spent $1.047 billion in 2017, or a little less than a third of total lobbying dollars that year, according to data provided to The Times by the Center for Responsive Politics.The upper ranks of the Washington lobbying community are most effective at blocking enactment of legislation, as opposed to winning approval of new laws. This is the very power — the crucial power — that prevents successful legislative initiatives from improving the lives of those in the bottom half of the income distribution.Raymond La Raja and Brian Schaffner, political scientists at the University of Massachusetts and Tufts, in their 2015 book, “Campaign Finance and Political Polarization: When Purists Prevail,” argue that legislative inaction inherently benefits the affluent and hurts the less advantaged: “A strong case has been made that policy gridlock exacerbates wealth inequality through a basic failure to adjust policies to new economic and demographic realities,” they write, like globalization and automation, which have disproportionately penalized unskilled and semiskilled labor.La Raja and Schaffner add thatPartisan polarization tends to exacerbate problems of economic inequality because political stalemate makes government less responsive to the needs of poorer citizens.In 2017, the most recent year with complete data, the top 10 lobbying associations — which include the United States Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Realtors, the Business Roundtable and the Pharmaceutical Research & Manufacturers of America — spent a total of $291.2 million on lobbying, according to Open Secrets.In the simplest terms, the pattern of campaign contributions (calculated by Open Secrets) provides insight into the motives of the interest groups and corporations — those represented by the major lobbying groups — that are most concerned with shaping public policy.In the 2017-18 election cycle, securities and investment firms gave a total of $60,566,716, split 53-46 percent between Democrats and Republicans; real estate gave $52,205,352 (51 to 48); accountants, $11,807,757, (46 to 51); the health industry, $159,255,037, (54.6 to 45); and lobbyists themselves contributed $25,828,243, (46 to 53).The stakes of this competition are substantially higher than those involved in picking individual candidates because ultimately they determine entire classes of winners and losers.Instead of building solidarity, study after study shows that as the gulf between rich and poor widens, voters become increasingly mean spirited and hostile to the welfare state, progressive taxation and regulations designed to protect consumers, workers and the environment.“People who have experienced higher inequality during their lives are less in favor of redistribution,” write Christopher Roth and Johannes Wohlfart, economists at the University of Warwick in Britain and Goethe University in Germany, in their November 2018 paper, “Experienced Inequality and Preferences for Redistribution.” They are “less likely to support left-wing parties and to consider the prevailing distribution of incomes to be unfair.”In another essay from November 2018, “Inequality and Participative Democracy. A Self‐Reinforcing Mechanism,” Ioannis Theodossiou and Alexandros Zangelidis, economists at the University of Aberdeen in Scotland, describe the way income inequality leads to political apathy and back again:Greater income inequality alienates and discourages people from engaging with common affairs, thus leading to lower political participation. Yet, lower electoral participation leads towards a less equitable distribution of income. Hence, this study reveals a self‐reinforcing mechanism where the unequal distribution of income leads to political exclusion, which in turn leads to more inequality.In other words, increasing inequality undermines support for a progressive agenda — the agenda most likely to improve the life chances and conditions of the least well off.Steven Pearlstein, a columnist at the Washington Post, in his 2018 book “Can American Capitalism Survive?” describes this negative feedback loop succinctly:As a society, we are now caught in one of those self-reinforcing, downward spirals in which the erosion of social capital, government dysfunction, rising inequality and slowing rates of economic growth are all feeding off each other, with more of one leading to more of all the others.Pearlstein continues:Income inequality and political polarization have become mutually reinforcing, creating the vicious circle that now manifests itself daily in the erosion of norms around civility and truth telling, the declining trust in political institutions, legislative gridlock and political dysfunction.Unsurprisingly, such problems lead to ever more disquieting outcomes.Anthony Chen, a sociologist at Northwestern, wrote by email:Weakened opposition is one reason why business influence over political and regulatory decisions seems greater today than it did before.In addition, Chen argued,one of the big political advantages that business enjoys is that it is continually able to recruit good players and send them to play every game worth playing in the American political and legal system. And there are a lot of games worth playing. Those games might entail having key language inserted into a piece of legislation as it gets finalized by Congress, or sending a top-notch legal team to Federal District Court when a favorable way of interpreting a particular statutory provision is potentially at stake, or making sure that business views are amply reflected in the EPA’s notice-and-comment rule-making process. And those are just some of the games that are being played at the federal level.Still, the newly elected Democratic House majority does not enter the fray without some effective tools of its own. Perhaps most important is the changing source of campaign money.Earlier this month, two reporters for The Times, Stephanie Saul and Rachel Shorey, reported thatDemocratic candidates in the general election collected nearly $296 million in small donations, more than three times the $85 million collected by Republicans.ActBlue, a liberal internet-based nonprofit fund-raising organization, told Saul and Shorey thatit helped raise $1.6 billion in the 2017-18 election cycle, including money it collects for interest groups and state candidates. The average donation was $39.67.The growth of small donor contributions online has lessened the dependence of Democratic candidates on the network of Washington-based PACs and lobbyist-run fund-raisers. The question now, Walter Shapiro, a fellow at the Brennan Center, writes, is whether Democrats “can withstand the inevitable pressure to adapt to business as usual in Washington by resisting the traditional advice to court big-money contributors.”La Raja of warned in an email thatA potentially larger challenge in any Democratic effort to reduce inequality is that allied interest groups and individual donors — as progressive as they are — focus on issues that are not necessarily about reducing inequality for the poor and working class. Instead, the emphasis is often on social issues such as abortion and civil rights, or protecting the environment.Jesse Rhodes, also a political scientist at the University of Massachusetts, questioned in an email whether Democratic donors support the goal of reducing economic inequality:I think that, all things considered, there is probably more tension than alignment with this goal. To be sure, donors tend to be more ideological than non-donors, so donors to Democratic candidates and/or the Democratic Party are going to be fairly liberal on average. At the same time, donors, particularly significant donors, are likely to be fairly affluent, and therefore heavily invested in the status quo.Democratic campaign contributors, Rhodes continued, would in all likelihood besupportive of progressive policies that would reduce economic inequality at the margins — e.g. shoring up Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, supporting increases in the minimum wage, and so forth — but I’m skeptical that they would be enthusiastic about more dramatic policy proposals that would require large tax increases on high incomes.The larger question in the wake of the 2018 elections is whether the forces that propelled Democrats into the majority in the House are powerful and persistent enough to force a shift from the rightward direction of policymaking that has held sway over a significant stretch of the past 40 years.The 2018 election outcome demonstrated that the left has regained momentum and enthusiasm, but the interest group elite — the prime movers of the regressive distribution of income described by Drutman, Grossmann and LaPira — have demonstrated exceptional staying power.“Business groups are simply more numerous and better resourced than any other type of interest group,” Chen writes in “In the Private Interest? Business Influence and American Democracy,” which also appears as a chapter in “Can America Govern Itself?” Corporations and trade groups are far more likely than citizen groups to employ hired lobbyists and former government officials, and the average spending of corporations and trade groups on lobbying and campaign contributions routinely exceeds that of citizen groups by several multiples.Especially in the case of the finance industry, Chen writes,there is rapidly accumulating evidence that campaign contributions deliver a definite and non-trivial improvement in the probability of obtaining a favorable vote.According to Bloomberg, three major business groups — the United States Chamber of Commerce, the Business Roundtable and the National Association of Realtors — invested over $50 million in lobbying to win passage of the trillion dollar Trump tax cut.If newly ascendant Democrats are to have a chance in their struggle against the power brokers of the lobbying community, they will have to maintain and expand their current House majority and eventually win the Senate. Perhaps most important, the party must avoid the repetition of past flameouts.Previous implosions include the elections of 1978 and 1980 that crushed the Democratic surge in the wake of Watergate and the 2010 Republican wave election that brought an abrupt halt to the idea that a new Democratic majority had dawned after President Barack Obama’s victory in 2008.Democrats need a leader who can power through the internal contradictions that their multihued, multicultural rainbow coalition presents.They need their own populist playbook and a presidential candidate equipped to forcefully campaign on it, someone whose personality — bravura, charisma, and bullheadedness — can seal for even a short while the cracks and schisms that push the party in a hundred different directions.My guess is that this will require the Democrats and their presidential nominee to resourcefully confront — to creatively reformat — issues of race and immigration, gender and sexual identity that Republicans have exploited with great success to peel away swing voters. This may be where a candidate’s charisma — his or her ability to elicit committed followership — becomes indispensable. The issue is less whether the party should or should not move left, but how a party of the left presents itself to and recruits an Election Day majority from a heterogeneous and deeply conflicted national audience.The danger for Democrats is that intensifying public hostility to President Trump may hand them the White House in 2020 before they have fully cultivated a leadership cadre equipped to address the conflicts that have torn the party apart in the past — a cadre that must also be strong enough to do battle with the increasingly powerful moneyed class and its voracious lobbying elite.I invite you to follow me on Twitter, @Edsall.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Here’s the intriguing question raised by “Work Optional” (Hachette, $17.99): Can you retire really early? Say by age 40, or extremely soon if you are older than that?Tanja Hester, a communications consultant who quit working at age 38, says you can. Ms. Hester had a big head start, but her logic is sound, even if she makes it seem simpler than it is for most of us.Retiring early and successfully requires two things, she argues: knowing what you will do with your life without a paying job, and a lot of money to live on.Ms. Hester is terrific in explaining the first part; so-so on the second.She says your extended retirement will be far more enjoyable if you have a specific plan, one that flows from a sense of purpose.“Purpose just means you know why you are getting out of bed each morning or what you want your life to add up to ultimately,” she says.But how are you going to be able to fund that purpose? That brings us to the flaws in the book.My biggest objection is Ms. Hester makes the ability to retire early sound too easy, and one of the reasons it does is she repeatedly draws from her experience with the implicit message: “If I can do it, anyone can.”But her situation is not representative.She doesn’t provide specific numbers from her life — which feels like a cheat — but we learn a few important facts. She and her husband had each been earning more than $100,000 annually for several years when they retired; had bought a home in Lake Tahoe, Calif., at the bottom of the real estate market, giving them a substantial equity cushion; and had acquired a rental property as well. In addition, they have no children — kids are expensive (duh) and hinder your ability to save for an early retirement. And, oh, yes, while they were working, their investments were growing during the longest bull market in history, so last year’s decline probably didn’t hurt too much.Not everyone thinking of retiring early will have those advantages.Then there is her limited financial advice. Ms. Hester devotes only about a third of her 260 pages to the financing of an early retirement. And while she provides ideas — such as overachieve at work to save whatever raises you get before you quit — she doesn’t go into any great depth.Two quick examples show the problem.A novice, she says, might be “uncomfortable” investing heavily in stocks, so that person should consider an initial mix of 33 percent cash, 33 percent bonds and 34 percent stocks.But that’s not an allocation conducive to retiring early. Based on historical rates of return, it has yielded less than 4 percent annually after inflation. That is not something Ms. Hester points out.There are other omissions. Take the matter of how much money you can withdraw from your investments. Ms. Hester cites the well-known research that contends you should be able to take out 3 to 4 percent of your savings annually and probably not outlive your money.But the key word there is probably.The following example, which I’ve constructed, shows the gap between probably and definitely.Say a 42-year-old woman wants to quit tomorrow. Her life expectancy, according to the Social Security Administration, is 40 years. If she has $1 million invested in a portfolio split evenly between stocks on the one hand and bonds and money market funds on the other, and plans to withdraw 4 percent annually — $40,000 — she has just an 83 percent chance her money will last long enough, according to Vanguard’s “retirement nest egg calculator,” which ran 100,000 possible projections of what markets might do, what’s known as a Monte Carlo simulation. That’s close to a one in five chance of running out of money.To be fair, in talking about withdrawals, Ms. Hester does write: “At a minimum enter your numbers into an online Monte Carlo simulator” to see what the odds are of “you having enough saved.” But she does not play out any examples. Nor does she spend a lot of time on situations more complicated than the one I created.Ms. Hester seemingly anticipated my carping when she wrote: “I wanted the conversation about early retirement to be about life, not just about money.”Still, I wish she had focused more on the money. What you have to doExperienced investors know there are only two ways you can end up with more money.■ Earn more — by doing things like increasing your work income, getting higher yields on your investments or finding additional revenue from things like rental properties or royalties.■ Spend less.While I wish Ms. Hester had given much more specific financial advice, simply getting you to think about how you might retire early forces you to ponder how you could cut current spending and increase your income, savings and the rates they earn. That’s good.But when you do, you may find you have a long way to go before you can chuck it all.In the current election cycle, bets on moderation have few takers. Leading Democratic candidates are supporting bold progressive policy initiatives that are supported by liberal primary voters but may prove to be a tough sell to the general electorate. President Trump and his Republican allies will certainly try to use these initiatives against their Democratic rivals. They have in fact already begun to do so.A number of Democratic presidential candidates, for example, are calling for the elimination of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency and they have declared themselves in favor of such multibillion dollar programs as Medicare for all and a Green New Deal. Growing numbers are supportive of reparations to compensate black Americans for the costs of slavery and segregation.Why are these candidates willing to buck political tradition and heighten the risk of defeat on Nov. 3, 2020?Here is one answer, from Julie Wronski, a political scientist at the University of Mississippi:Democrats contain much more heterogeneity across social groups than the more homogeneous white, Christian conservative Republican Party. To the extent the Democratic Party needs to entice and accommodate African-Americans, Latinos, environmentalists, etc. as voters, their candidates need to start embracing boutique policies for these groups that may not align with a general election “median voter” model of espousing moderate national policies.The issue of reparations illuminates the heterogeneity of the Democratic electorate. There are two surveys on reparations, a May 2016 Marist Poll and a July 2018 poll by the liberal group Data for Progress. Both produced similar results.The Marist survey found overwhelming opposition among whites in response to the question As a way to make up for the harm caused by slavery and other forms of racial discrimination, do you think the United States should or should not pay reparations, that is, should or should not pay money to African-Americans who are descendants of slaves?Whites were opposed 81-15. Latinos were split, with 46 percent in support and 47 percent opposed. African-American voters support reparations, 58-35.The Data for Progress survey found sharp partisan divisions on the issue of reparations. Democrats supported reparations across the board: whites 37.8 to 30.5 percent; blacks 58.5 to 15.0 percent; Hispanics, 49.9 to 18.3 percent. Independents were opposed, 41.0 to 22.8 percent. Republicans were decisively in opposition, 77.1 to 8.9 percent.Among all voters, opposition to reparations was nearly twice as large as support, 47.1 to 26.4 percent.For the Democrats running for president, African-American backing is crucial both in the primaries and in the general election.Nationally, black voters in 2016 cast about one of every four ballots in Democratic primaries. In four states, African-Americans cast the majority of votes: 71 percent in Mississippi, 61 percent in South Carolina, 54 percent in Alabama and 51 percent in Georgia.Let’s look at another progressive initiative. In August 2018, AP-NORC asked voters if they support or oppose “abolishing the Immigration and Customs Enforcement, known as ICE?” 41 percent opposed abolition and 24 percent supported it.Medicare for all and the Green New Deal pose a subtler dilemma for Democratic candidates. In the abstract, voters are supportive; the problems arise when the same voters are told key details, including costs.The best example of this is Medicare for all. In March, a Kaiser Family Foundation poll found that a majority supported “a national health plan or Medicare-for-all plan,” 56-39, but support vacillates in both directions depending on how the program is portrayed.If, for example, Democrats posit that Medicare for all would eliminate health care premiums and reduce out of pocket costs, support rises to 67 percent with 30 percent opposed.Conversely, if Republicans succeed in portraying the program as leading to delays in getting medical treatment, or to the elimination of current private coverage, or to higher taxes, support collapses to the mid-20s and mid-30s, with opposition shooting up to the 60 to 70 percent range.Bold progressive stands may be risky in general elections, but recent research suggests that policy radicalism pays off in primaries.In a forthcoming paper, “Policy Over Party: Comparing the effects of candidate ideology and party on affective polarization,” Yphtach Lelkes, a political scientist at the University of Pennsylvania, reports that voters in primary elections prefer candidates who are willing to take more extreme positions.“Partisans are reacting most favorably toward ideological extremists,” Lelkes wrote in an email:In fact, moderates are punished for the policies. Extreme politicians in the vein of Mike Lee and Elizabeth Warren, are rated roughly 20-25 points higher (on a 0 to 100 scale) by party identifiers than ideologically moderate politicians in the vein of Susan Collins and Joe Manchin. These effects are even larger among ideologically extreme respondents — the kind that vote in primary elections.Lelkes conducted experiments that asked participants to rate a number of hypothetical candidates, including a moderate Democrat, an “ideologically extreme” liberal Democrat, a moderate Republican and an “ideologically extreme” conservative Republican.He found that the most ideologically committed voters — who are disproportionately represented in primaries and caucuses — strongly preferred more extreme candidates:The impact of policy cues was particularly strong among respondents who themselves held strong policy positions. If a respondent was told that candidate held extreme in-party views, ideologically extreme respondents registered feeling thermometer ratings 35.89 points warmer than ideologically neutral respondents.Lelkes’s conclusion?If we are to decrease affective polarization in the United States, we need politicians that are politically moderate. Unfortunately, voters prefer politicians of their own party that are politically extreme. This incentivizes extreme political candidates, which will only exacerbate current tensions.There are dangers for both parties is these trends, Lelkes argues, citing a 2015 study of House elections, “What Happens When Extremists Win Primaries?” by Andrew Hall, a political scientist at Stanford.Hall found that when a more extreme candidate beats a moderate in the primarythe party’s general-election vote share decreases on average by approximately 9—13 percentage points, and the probability that the party wins the seat decreases by 35—54 percentage points.Gallup data shows the steady ascendance within Democratic ranks of self-identified ideological liberals and a parallel decline in the share of Democrats who say they are moderate or conservative. From 1973 to 2018, as I have noted before, the percentage of Democrats who say they are liberal has grown from 25 to 51 percent, while the share of moderates has fallen from 48 to 31 percent, and the share of conservatives has dropped from 25 to 13 percent.A 2014 Pew study showed a steady process of ideological consolidation among both Republicans and Democrats since 1994, although consolidation accelerated most rapidly on the left:The share of Democrats who are liberal on all or most value dimensions has nearly doubled from just 30 percent in 1994 to 56 percent today. The share who are consistently liberal has quadrupled from just 5 percent to 23 percent over the past 20 years.In a reflection of their importance in primaries, “consistently liberal” Democrats turned out in elections at a 70 percent rate, compared with 47 percent for “mostly liberal” Democrats and 41 percent for Democrats with “mixed views,” according to Pew data.These and other trends, according to Lee Drutman, a senior fellow at the liberal New America think tank, represent the changing the mind-set of the Democratic electorate. In an email, Drutman wrote:Two related dynamics are operative. One, Democratic voters have moved to the left in response to Trump, and are eager for policies that signal transformative change, not just incrementalism. There is no return to normalcy, because the past is now seen as more flawed.This dynamic has intensified because the most engaged Democrats, Drutman writes,have bought into an argument that Hillary Clinton lost in 2016 because she was too incrementalist, and had she gone a little bolder and promised something more exciting than her competence and experience, she might have won.The second dynamic, Drutman continued, is thatin a crowded field, candidates are seeking to distinguish themselves with grass-roots energy. A very effective way of generating grass-roots energy is attaching to transformative changes these policies signal. Incrementalism and moderation doesn’t generate much excitement among the activists or in coverage from journalists who are responsible for driving candidate buzz in these early stages.In a similar analysis, John Sides, a political scientist at George Washington University, argues thatOn race and immigration in particular, I think Trump is pushing Democrats to the left. To be clear, Hillary Clinton was already to Obama’s left even in 2016. But I think Trump’s rhetoric and agenda has made conservative positions on race and immigration even more anathema to Democrats.Sides also pointed out that the incentives for Democratic candidates have shifted:It used to be the case that Democratic candidates had to moderate on racial issues to maintain a Democratic coalition that included both blacks and some racially conservative whites. But the Democratic coalition has changed: it is increasingly made up of not only nonwhites but whites who espouse racially liberal attitudes.In an argument elaborating on a point made by Drutman, Edward Carmines, a political scientist at Indiana University, made the case that the 2016 defeat of Hillary Clinton fostered the shift to the left:If a moderate policy agenda cannot guarantee electoral victory why downplay your leftward policy orientations in the unlikely event that it will jeopardize your electoral success?Carmines added:Trump’s success has reinforced this perspective. He won with a very right-wing policy agenda. Perhaps a left-wing set of proposals can lead Democrats to similar success.Carmines believes that “both of these premises are mistaken and could very well lead Democrats to electoral defeat when victory is within sight.”Leonie Huddy, a political scientist at Stony Brook University, argues that the liberal tilt of the Democratic candidates is, in fact, a rational political strategy. “There is real change afoot with the most recent generations,” she wrote, citing a Pew study released in January:Young Republicans are especially different from older Republicans and the Democratic Party is likely to regard such findings as an invitation to poach more liberal young Republicans.Strong partisans, however, Huddy writes, “are unlikely to defect from the party in 2020 regardless of its issue agenda,” and political independentsare younger, on average, than partisans. Appealing to young voters thus makes political sense when it comes to the general 2020 presidential election.Gary Jacobson, a political scientist at the University of California-San Diego, has a somewhat different take on the changing character of the Democratic electorate and the party’s presidential candidates.The candidates, Jacobson wrote by email, “are playing to their activist base whose enthusiasm helped produce their House victory in 2018.”He warned, however, that “leaning left does carry risks; there are not enough liberals (or progressives, if you prefer) to form a majority nationally or in the Electoral College.”In contemporary presidential campaigns, according to Jacobson,the tricky thing is that in an era of extremely high party line voting, turnout becomes enormously important. Trump has proven to be a great mobilizer of Democrats, but they still have to consider how enthusiastic ordinary Democrats will be about their nominee.Trump, Jacobson noted, willtry to mobilize his base by ranting about “socialism” and of course some potential Democratic candidates will be more vulnerable to that charge than others.The strategic choices facing prospective Democratic nominees are, in the view of Lynn Vavreck, a political scientist at U.C.L.A., even more complex and subtle than those described by Jacobson.Taking very liberal stands on contested issues, she wrote me,might not pose “significant risks” if you think your minimum winning coalition of voters is made up of people who either share your preferences on these things, or for whom these policies are not pivotal in their vote decision.She elaborated:There are people for whom these issues are important, but for whom there’s no position a Democrat could take that would make them decide not to vote for that Democrat. There are other people, presumably, for whom these issues are so important and their preferences so intense, that any Democrat who takes a position far from their own is a Democrat for whom they won’t vote. It depends which type of people you think are in your winning coalition as to whether you stake out positions on these things.Matthew Nisbet, a professor of communication, public policy and urban affairs at Northeastern and editor in chief of the journal Environmental Communication, addressed only the support for a Green New Deal by some Democratic candidates. His view is pessimistic.In an email, he wrote:The Green New Deal has done damage to the Democratic Party’s chances heading into the 2020 elections, while hurting efforts to build momentum on behalf of climate and energy policy options capable of passing during an era of enduring divided government.In an article in the spring edition of Issues in Science and Technology, Nisbet contends that the goal of Green New Dealersis not to broker cross-alliances between the center-right, center-left, and left wing, drawing on the best ideas that those factions can offer, but rather to build progressive power.In an interesting development, the momentum behind the more radical Democratic agenda has turned both Barack Obama and Nancy Pelosi into defenders of the party’s old guard.Pelosi, who has been trying with mixed success to tamp down the left wing of the House Democratic caucus, recently described her views on Medicare for all in an interview with The Washington Post.At first she said, “I’m agnostic. Show me how you think you can get there.” But then she cautioned:So we’ll have hearings, again, let’s see what it is. Right now it’s a $30 trillion price tag. What do people get for that in terms of care, and what do they pay for that along the way?Implicit in her comment is the belief that $30 trillion is not acceptable to the American public.Obama, speaking at a town hall in Germany earlier this month, warned of the dangers of uncompromising ideology for the progressive wing of his party:One of the things I do worry about sometimes among progressives in the United States — maybe it’s true here as well — is a certain kind of rigidity where we say, ‘Uh, I’m sorry, this is how it’s going to be,’ and then we start sometimes creating what’s called a ‘circular firing squad,’ where you start shooting at your allies because one of them has strayed from purity on the issues. And when that happens, typically the overall effort and movement weakens.For the moment, both Obama and Pelosi are having minimal influence as far as the leftward thrust of the Democratic presidential nomination goes.Three years ago, Trump threw out conventional wisdom and went on to win the nomination and the presidency. Maybe, this time around, Democrats can gamble successfully on a similar strategy and win. Or maybe not. The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Within days of his announcement that he was running for the Democratic presidential nomination, Beto O’Rourke shot up in the rankings in terms of money, media coverage and Google searches. Then the knives came out — progressives, women, African-Americans and party loyalists all took a stab at him.The response to Beto is polarizing the Democratic activist community. The overriding question for Democrats is electability: who can beat Trump is a matter of pressing concern and profound anxiety for at least half the nation. The wrong choice would be disastrous.Let’s start with O’Rourke’s negatives and we’ll get to the positives later.“I’ve been quite critical of O’Rourke because I don’t really think the 2020 race needs him. We already have a pretty good bench of Democrats, and they mostly have thought far more about policy and politics than O’Rourke has,” Sean McElwee, a co-founder of Data for Progress, whose views represent those of many on the outspoken left, told me:I think he’s vulnerable because of his gaffes and vague policies, but I think he’s most weak due to his pretty pro-development tenure on the El Paso City Council.McElwee contended that O’Rourke isno more electable than Kamala Harris or Elizabeth Warren and would be far less prepared to staff and run a White House. He’s never shown a commitment to progressive policies in the past, why should we trust him now? We don’t need a superstar, we need someone ready to push all-out to implement the progressive agenda.Gina Glantz, a co-founder of GenderAvenger, an organization determined to ensure “women are represented in the public dialogue,” replied to my inquiry about O’Rourke:I must admit after a few days of watching and reading about his opening gatherings I am less rather than more intrigued. To me, he exudes a sense of entitlement, which I find off-putting.How about O’Rourke and the white working class?Paul A. Sracic, a political scientist as Youngstown State University, emailed me:O’Rourke’s vague, “We all need to come together” message will not resonate with people who see life as a battle. Working class voters believe in pugilistic politics. And I suspect that O’Rourke’s punk rock background will seem odd to working class voters. These voters want to feel as if their candidates are “one of them.”Negative coverage in the press has been abundant:“The Unbearable Male Privilege of Beto O’Rourke" (The Daily Beast). He voted for Republican legislation (The Wall Street Journal). He put his adolescent fantasies into print (The Resurgent). He’s a wealthy dilettante (The National Review), an empty shell (The New Republic), a teenage hacker (USA Today), a master class in male entitlement (The Guardian).At the same time, O’Rourke has captured the imagination of millions of voters and donors.Frank Wilkinson, a former colleague of mine, wrote at Bloomberg:O’Rourke is not the only candidate modeling decency as an antidote to Trumpism. But he’s the one who has best harnessed the anxiety and rage generated by Trumpism’s assaults on democratic values and transformed them into willful, defiant optimism.Don Fowler, former chair of the Democratic National Committee, captures this feeling: “He clearly possesses a charismatic charge, a spark that few others have.” Still, Fowler goes on to enumerate O’Rourke’s liabilities:His impressive campaign for the Senate in Texas was a combination of luck and a damaged opponent. His ability to conduct an effective national campaign is totally unknown. His recent tour of the country was essentially by himself — a very poor way to test a candidate’s national potential in a crowded, competitive field. As to issues, the same unknown quality of his organizational potential characterizes his policy and ideological stances. Both major prongs of a national campaign are truly unknown and must be tested in the public crucible. Only time will tell on both policy and operational scores — wait and see.A Texas Democratic operative lavished praise on Beto, on background, in order to speak freely:O’Rourke has an intangible energy that goes beyond the litmus test. On a national scale that could be monumental. It’s emotional. It’s not tangible. Beto tapped into something with nontraditional voters. People who never publicly supported a campaign were putting Beto signs in their yard. LeBron James wore his logo on a hat.“I first saw the momentum in late spring 2018,” reports the Republican strategist Scott Reed:I live in Dallas and saw the yard signs popping up, all in front of large homes and mansions that would traditionally have been straight G.O.P. It almost became a badge of courage for many of the limousine liberals in Dallas.Reed, who ran Bob Dole’s 1996 presidential campaign, went on:His Willie Nelson event in Austin drew 50k folks and was also a strong signal to young voters — even though very few voted. His performances in the debates was exceptional and added to his momentum. Cruz was the #1 G.O.P. fund-raiser and he got swamped every quarter. I see a little Bobby Kennedy in him.Richard Murray, a political scientist at the University of Houston, was also impressed. He emailed:His appeal in Texas is a combination of an attractive persona with animated mannerisms that come across as cool and authentic to many (especially those under 35); boundless energy plus exceptional verbal skills that enable him to weave stories from folks he’s encountered on the campaign trail into compelling narratives (a rare skill) — displayed in an environment where voters in our very diverse and fast growing metropolitan areas have soured on the far right turn of Texas GOP leaders like Ted Cruz and Dan Patrick.How about a national campaign?Will this combination work in a national primary featuring the most diverse set of competitors in the nation’s history? I do not know, nor does anyone else. But the retail politics states of Iowa and New Hampshire are great places to test his road show outside the Lone Star State.Murray’s son, Keir Murray, a Democratic political consultant in Texas, added more praise:My own sense is his appeal was based, in part, on being a natural foil to Cruz (who is pretty much loathed by all but true conservatives in Texas) and by extension to Trump. O’Rourke is self-effacing, low-key guy, who comes across as fundamentally decent. I don’t think most Democrats, liberals or everyday Texans knew much about his policy positions, or cared much. They liked him. People sensed he was being himself — not perfect, not having all the answers — but honest and good-hearted.Robert Stein, a political scientist at Rice, is upbeat on O’Rourke’s prospects. He wrote me:Shortly after the November election progressives hit him hard for not backing their issue positions on guns and energy. My sense is that he is looking to avoid being defined on a left/right dimension/continuum. It seems like he is trying to define his candidacy as humane, pragmatic and capable of beating Trump.Stein argues thathe is sufficiently retail for places like Iowa and New Hampshire and if he can survive the rush before Super Tuesday, he should come out of the March primaries in the upper echelon of remaining candidates.Although O’Rourke lost the Texas Senate race to Cruz by just under 3 percent, exit polls show that he won among women, 54-46; among voters under 45, 59-40; minorities, 69-31; college graduates, 51-48; moderates, 65-34; and voters who say they are not white born-again or evangelical Christians, 61-38.While suffering from some hostile media impressions, O’Rourke has gotten his share, if not more so, of favorable press:He’s authentic, full of energy, and stripped of consultant-driven sterility (Vanity Fair). Will Beto O’Rourke Become President? (Texas Monthly). Beto O’Rourke Rivals Trump on Social Media (Newsweek). Beto O’Rourke could lead a blue wave in Texas (Vox). Beto O’Rourke blows up the 2020 Democratic primary (Politico).At the same time, some of the strongest opposition to O’Rourke — reflecting schisms within the Democratic Party — has come from women’s rights advocates, many of whom took offense at a comment he made to Vanity Fair: “Man, I’m just born to be in it.”Natasha Korecki, a Politico reporter, captured the feminist opposition to O’Rourke in her March 15 story, “‘Not one woman got that kind of coverage’: Beto backlash begins.”Korecki wrote:The breathless, sweeps-like cable television coverage that greeted the former Texas congressman’s first campaign events stunned and frustrated many Democratic operatives — particularly women — who viewed it as an example of the double standard at work in the historically diverse presidential field. To them, O’Rourke, a white, male candidate had already been anointed the next sensation, his entry into the race greased by live television shots and O’Rourke-centric panels.Celinda Lake, a Democratic pollster, told Politico, “I think if you look at the pattern, there is a real distinction between the way men were covered and the way the women were covered. There’s a huge double standard,” before adding:With women, many, many more negatives were raised and the men were treated like the Second Coming. I’m surprised that this is continuing in 2019, after the year of the woman.In response to the animosity, O’Rourke indicated that he would pick a woman as his vice-presidential running mate. On March 15, he told reporters: “It would be very difficult not to select a woman with so many extraordinary women who are running right now.”O’Rourke appears to be acutely sensitive to this issue. He told Vanity Fair, before he announced his bid, that “the government at all levels is overly represented by white men,” and he didn’t leave it there:That’s part of the problem, and I’m a white man. So if I were to run, I think it’s just so important that those who would comprise my team looked like this country. If I were to run, if I were to win, that my administration looks like this country. It’s the only way I know to meet that challenge.It’s not altogether clear, however, that women currently seeking the top job would be thrilled by O’Rourke’s offer of the number two spot.Washington political professionals are also going to be a hard sell.John Lawrence, former chief of staff for House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, questions whether O’Rourke is up to the challenge. Lawrence says he finds it difficultto see a white male emerging from the multicandidate pack. True, all the women/minorities could divide up the other voters, but with proportionate allocation of delegates, it’s hard to see a white male moderate emerging with a majority.“Freshness only goes so far,” Lawrence pointed out:After a year of being beat up by competitors, the press, Trump, grass roots, etc., he might not look or sound so “fresh.” He strikes me as somewhat superficial, very much a personality; I am not convinced the act sells on a national basis.Isaac Hale, a political scientist at the University of California, notes thatBeto doesn’t have the luxury of running in the Democratic presidential primary as “not Ted Cruz.” which is certainly a large part of what endeared him to Democratic voters around the country in 2018.O’Rourke, Hale observes, “is something of a blank slate that voters and party elites can project their own policy preferences onto,” a characteristic that can work to his advantage or disadvantage.Lynn Vavreck, a political scientist at U.C.L.A., looked at the same issue from a different angle:The ways these races get framed depends a lot on who the candidates are and what their constraints are — if O’Rourke finds himself in a race against another young white male who is inspiring, these things won’t be a strength of his; but if he finds himself running against an older person who isn’t inspiring, they could be.Vavreck added:Your constraints are only constraints if your opponent doesn’t share them; and your strengths are only strengths if your opponent doesn’t share them. When there are 16 people vying for the nomination you have to winnow the field to be able to talk sensibly about who has advantages beyond just fund-raising and organization. Are there no other candidates who have “capacity to inspire,” “policy centrism”?In the current contest, Vavreck declared, “There are. This makes me think that these may not be unique strengths of this candidate!”Suzanne Model, a sociologist at the University of Massachusetts-Amherst who has written extensively on race and immigration, argues that O’Rourke faces an uphill battle for the nomination:O’Rourke will do well in the primaries but it is unlikely that he will win. Young, handsome and self-effacing, his charismatic manner will appeal to “non-policy wonks.” This includes traditionally-oriented women, young adults, and political moderates. In addition, his recent pro-immigrant stance, Hispanic sounding name and Texas roots should garner him support among Latinos.But, Model continued,O’Rourke’s problem is that he has little appeal to left-leaning voters or African-Americans. They watched the G.O.P. destroy a Democratic president who expressed a willingness to work with Republicans; hence, they seek a candidate who is more experienced, sophisticated and aggressive.In order to beat Trump, Model contends,The Democratic standard-bearer must carry a significant proportion of two constituencies: African Americans and working class white males. Under an O’Rourke candidacy, too many African Americans will stay home and too many working class white males will vote for Trump. Perhaps no Democratic candidate is capable of succeeding simultaneously with these two heterogeneous groups, but that is the most plausible route to a Trump defeat.Which brings us back to the existential question I raised at the beginning of this column: Can Beto O’Rourke beat Donald Trump?O’Rourke’s fund-raising success will keep him in the contest longer than less fortunate competitors, and the volume of media coverage he elicits is boosting his name recognition, a crucial first step.G. Elliott Morris, a political data reporter for the Economist, noted on Twitter that O’Rourke has received more cable news coverage in the five days since his announcement than any other candidate during the full post-announcement week. O’Rourke is on a path to get 180 percent of the coverage received by Bernie Sanders, the previous leader on this measure.While head-to-head polls are still in a larval stage, they do signal the demographic sources of support for the candidates.The most recent CNN poll, released on Tuesday, shows, for example, that the leader, Joe Biden, at 28 percent overall, gets more support from moderates than from liberals, more from older voters than young voters, more from men than women and more from whites than from minorities. Bernie Sanders, at 20 percent, is just the opposite, stronger among liberals, young voters, minorities and women.O’Rourke, at 11 percent, has a long way to go to catch up with either Biden or Sanders. But the CNN poll shows that O’Rourke’s supporters tend to be slightly more liberal than moderate, young rather than old, female rather than male, and O’Rourke gets more support from African-Americans and Hispanics than from whites. In other words, O’Rourke’s backing is tilted to constituencies that are not normally associated with a moderate white Democratic politician whose voting record, by party standards, is on the center-right.If these demographic patterns hold, O’Rourke is competing more directly with Sanders (and Kamala Harris and Elizabeth Warren) than with Biden.The Sanders-O’Rourke battle has already begun. Bernie Sanders loyalists have been challenging O’Rourke’s credentials for the past three months as both men seek support from younger voters.“Forces loyal to Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders are waging an increasingly public war against Texas Rep. Beto O’Rourke, the new darling of Democratic activists,” Jonathan Allen and Alex Seitz-Wald of NBC News wrote in December. “O’Rourke’s ability to connect with younger and progressive white voters,” they continued, “puts him in direct competition with the Vermont senator.”On Tuesday, Sanders announced that he has hired David Sirota, one of O’Rourke’s harshest critics, as a senior adviser and speechwriter. On Dec. 22, Sirota published a 1,700 word denunciation of O’Rourke in The Guardian that concluded,Another blank-slate Democrat who pretends there is a unifying third way between the 99 percent and the 1 percent and who refuses to take sides in big fights against corporate power — that may excite Betomaniacs, establishment Democrats and those with stakes in the status quo, but it won’t rescue our country and it won’t save the planet.For a candidate with only a modest record in national politics, O’Rourke faces a daunting but not necessarily insuperable challenge in securing the nomination. His candidacy will be a test of his charisma and “spark,” as Don Fowler put it — of the “decency” and “integrity” that a fair number of voters and observers have commented on — against the more substantial and detailed progressivism of his adversaries, the moderation of still others — and all the things we don’t know about him yet.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Najib Razak, the former Malaysian prime minister who was ousted at the polls last year and now faces dozens of corruption-related charges, pleaded his case this week. But not before a judge.Standing before a microphone in a recording studio with more than a dozen young backup singers, he delivered a baritone intro to a reworked, Malay-language version of “Kiss and Say Goodbye,” the 1970s R&B hit by the American group the Manhattans.“This is the saddest day in my life,” Mr. Najib laments in the spoken intro, in a video posted on a Facebook page for his political party.“On May 9, 2018, I was ousted,” he croons. “All this while I fought relentlessly for the people whom I loved and are dear to me. But what can I do?”He goes on to say that he was a victim of the opposition agenda of “slander and revenge.”Mr. Najib begins to sway awkwardly as the chorus begins. An unidentified lead singer takes over with criticism of the governing coalition that took power last year:Hope as high as the mountainIt shattered into dustWhy did this sad story happen in my life?I trusted youWith all your promisesBut I was deceivedby all thatAnd you played me out.For nine years, Mr. Najib was seen as untouchable as Malaysia’s leader. But he had a spectacular collapse after a vast corruption scandal at a state investment fund fueled widespread public anger, leading to his party’s first loss since Malaysia became independent in 1963.He now faces multiple trials for dozens of counts of criminal breach of trust, money laundering and abuse of power in connection with the fund, 1Malaysia Development Berhad, and a subsidiary.The United States Justice Department says that more than $4.5 billion in stolen 1MDB funds was laundered through American banks, and that $731 million went into Mr. Najib’s personal account.Mr. Najib’s wife, Rosmah Mansor, has also been charged with money laundering and tax evasion. She was known for having a taste for luxury goods and owning a large collection of designer handbags and jewelry.Malaysia has also filed criminal charges against Goldman Sachs and several individuals, including Jho Low, a fugitive Malaysian financier who investigators say directed the scheme.Mr. Najib and Ms. Rosmah have pleaded not guilty, while Goldman Sachs has said it will contest the charges. Mr. Low’s representatives have said he does not believe he will receive a fair trial in Malaysia.Mr. Najib said he had recorded the song at the request of his political supporters. “They were sentimental about the good things that we did in the past,” he told The Malaysian Insight, “and felt it was unfair that we lost the general election.”Walter B. Jones Jr., a Republican congressman from North Carolina whose district included Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, was a staunch supporter of the American-led invasion of Iraq in 2003. He had even helped rebrand French fries as “freedom fries,” as a slap at France for opposing the war.But he had an epiphany one day at a memorial ceremony at Camp Lejeune for Marine Sgt. Michael Bitz, 31, who had been killed in Iraq shortly after the invasion while trying to evacuate his wounded comrades.During the ceremony, the sergeant’s 2-year-old son, Joshua, dropped a toy. A young Marine in dress uniform reached down to pick it up and handed it back.“And the boy looked up at him, and the Marine looked down, and then it hit me,” Mr. Jones told Mother Jones magazine years later.“This little boy would never know his daddy.”Mr. Jones’s grief at this scene would lead to a dramatic political conversion against the war, putting him in opposition to his own party and President George W. Bush. It also led to years of trying to atone for his earlier support.Mr. Jones died on Sunday, his 76th birthday, in Greenville, N.C., a statement by his office said. His health had been declining since September. Before he won re-election in November to his 12th term, he indicated that it would be his last. He then broke his hip in mid-January and was in hospice care at his death.After witnessing that memorial ceremony, Mr. Jones decided to write letters to the families and extended families of every American killed in any conflict in which the United States had been involved since the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.“That was, for me, asking God to forgive me for my mistake,” Mr. Jones told NPR in 2017. A deeply religious man, he had converted to Roman Catholicism after growing up a Southern Baptist.At his death Mr. Jones had written more than 12,000 letters. (More than 4,500 American military personnel have been killed in Iraq and more than 2,400 in Afghanistan.)“Gradually, one letter at a time, Jones’s doubts about the war began to take shape,” Mother Jones wrote in 2006.Mr. Jones also began putting up pictures in the hallway outside his Capitol Hill office of all the American military personnel who had been killed since 9/11. As those numbers climbed, Mr. Jones limited the pictures to those of Marines from Camp Lejeune.A pivotal moment for him came when his daughter, Ashley, gave him the audiobook of James Bamford’s “A Pretext for War” (2004).In her review, The New York Times critic Michiko Kakutani wrote that the book “draws a scathing picture of ideologues in the Bush administration, manipulating dubious evidence about links between Al Qaeda and Saddam Hussein and flawed information about weapons of mass destruction in the push toward war.”Mr. Jones’s sorrow over the loss of lives now gave way to outrage over the distortions and lies from the Bush administration that had led to the invasion. Feeling duped, he declared his opposition to the war in 2005 and pressed the administration for an exit strategy from Iraq.Mr. Jones was particularly galled by Vice President Dick Cheney’s statements that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction.“Lyndon Johnson’s probably rotting in hell right now because of the Vietnam War, and he probably needs to move over for Dick Cheney,” Mr. Jones said in 2013 at a meeting of Young Americans for Liberty in Raleigh, N.C.Mr. Bamford, the author, said in a telephone interview that it took courage for Mr. Jones “to change his position on one of the most momentous events in American history.”“He admitted it privately and came out publicly and said he was wrong,” Mr. Bamford said. “He even tried to bring other congressmen into the fold by having me come up to the Capitol and speak to them. To me, that showed his sincerity.”Acknowledging that he was wrong “was the genesis of the most important journey I’ve ever undertaken,” Mr. Jones later told Taylor Sisk, the co-author of a forthcoming book with Mr. Jones about the congressman’s regret over supporting the invasion.Mr. Sisk said in a telephone interview that Mr. Jones had told him coming out against the war had made him increasingly independent, quoting him as saying, “That’s been a liberating experience.”Walter Beaman Jones Jr. was born on Feb. 10, 1943, in Farmville, N.C., where he grew up and lived most of his life. His mother, Doris (Long) Jones, was a homemaker. His father worked for an office-supply company and served in the State Legislature before being elected to Congress in 1966. A Democrat, the elder Mr. Jones represented eastern North Carolina until he retired in 1992.Walter Jr. graduated in 1961 from Hargrave Military Academy in Chatham, Va., and attended North Carolina State University from 1962 to 1965, when he transferred to Atlantic Christian College, now Barton College, in Wilson, N.C. He graduated with a bachelor’s degree in history in 1966, the same year he married Joe Anne Whitehurst; she and their daughter survive him.Out of college, Mr. Jones joined the National Guard and became a wine salesman as well as a Catholic. In 1982 he was drafted by local Democrats to fill out the term of a state representative who had died in office. Mr. Jones served for 10 years, and when his father retired from Congress, he ran for his seat.Walter Jr. lost the 1992 Democratic primary. He tried again in a reconfigured district in 1994, by which time he had switched parties; a strong foe of abortion rights, he felt more comfortable as a Republican. He won that race and rode into office as part of a Republican wave led by the new speaker, Newt Gingrich.Courtly and well liked, Mr. Jones was voted the nicest member of the House of Representatives in a 2004 survey of top Capitol Hill staffers by The Washingtonian magazine.His political impulses were basically libertarian, and he occasionally strayed from Republican orthodoxy. He fiercely opposed measures that would contribute to the national debt and voted against President Trump’s tax-cut bill for that reason. He denounced the influence of money in politics and urged Congress to counter the Supreme Court’s Citizens United decisionBut after the terrorist attacks of 9/11, when President Bush sought congressional authority to use military force in Iraq, Mr. Jones gave his wholehearted support.Filled with patriotic fervor, he made perhaps his biggest publicity splash when he pushed for the menus in the Capitol cafeteria to be changed to read “freedom fries” instead of “French fries,” an idea he borrowed from a North Carolina restaurant chain.He was roundly applauded by Republicans and ridiculed by Democrats. (Tina Fey, on “Saturday Night Live,” said that in France, “American cheese is now referred to as ‘idiot cheese.’ ”)It was only about a month later that Mr. Jones attended the Camp Lejeune memorial ceremony that would affect him so profoundly and lead him to apologize, many times, in public.“I did not do what I should have done, to read and find out whether Bush was telling us the truth about Saddam being responsible for 9/11 and having weapons of mass destruction,” Mr. Jones told NPR in 2015.“Because I did not do my job then, I helped kill 4,000 Americans,” he said. “And I will go to my grave regretting that.”In 1992, before Bill Clinton became “our first black president,” before Newt Gingrich’s “Republican revolution,” before the advent of Barack Obama, I wrote a book about how race had come to dominate American politics.I argued that the enactment of the Civil Rights Act of 1964set in motion a realignment of the two parties. As whites began to feel the costs of the civil rights revolution — affirmative action, busing, urban violence — Republicans recognized the potential of race to catalytically interact with the broader rights revolution and the anti-tax movement to drive working and middle class voters out of the Democratic Party.I also wrote about the political power of racial resentment:Race gave new strength to themes that in the past had been secondary — themes always present in American politics, but which previously lacked, in themselves, mobilizing power. Race was central, Richard Nixon and key Republican strategists began to recognize, to the fundamental conservative strategy of establishing a new, noneconomic polarization of the electorate, a polarization isolating a liberal, activist, culturally permissive, rights-oriented and pro-black Democratic Party against those unwilling to pay the financial and social costs of this reconfigured social order.The situation hasn’t changed much.Heading into the 2020 election, President Trump is prepared for the second time in a row to run a racist campaign. He continues, for example, to denigrate, in virulent terms, immigrants from Mexico and Central America.At the same time, Democrats are doubling down on a racially liberal political agenda, becoming more outspoken and more confrontational in their defense of diversity and multiculturalism. Two of the party’s top-tier candidates for president — Senator Cory Booker and Senator Kamala Harris — are African-American, one — Julián Castro — is Latino, and all of the current Democratic contenders unabashedly promote the rights of racial and ethnic minorities. The continuing Democratic quandary is how to maximize essential minority turnout, and at the same time retain — or recruit — sufficient numbers of white working class voters to secure victory on Election Day.My Times colleagues Jonathan Martin and Alexander Burns reported on Feb. 25 that Democratic operatives are debating whether the party should spend “time, money and psychic energy tailoring their message to a heavily white, rural and blue-collar part of the country” or focus instead on areas where “their coalition is increasingly made up of racial minorities and suburbanites.”The dispute, according to Martin and Burns,is not merely a tactical one — it goes to the heart of how Democrats envision themselves becoming a majority party. The question is whether that is accomplished through a focus on kitchen-table topics like health care and jobs, aimed at winning moderates and disaffected Trump voters, or by unapologetically elevating matters of race and identity, such as immigration, to mobilize young people and minorities with new fervor.Poll data suggests that Trump is driving Democratic liberals further left and conservative Republicans further right on a key test of racial attitudes.Michael Tesler, a political scientist at the University of California-Irvine and the author of the 2016 book “Post Racial or Most Racial,” writes in “Racial Attitudes and American Politics,” a chapter in a forthcoming book:Democratic and Republican voters do not simply disagree about what the government should do on racially charged issues like immigration and affirmative action, they now inhabit increasingly separate realities about race in America.The growing alignment between racial attitudes and public opinion, Tesler continues, “has polarized the electorate and helped make American politics increasingly vitriolic.”Racial attitudes have, in turn, become indelibly linked to partisan identification and “party identification influences just about everything in contemporary American society,” Tesler writes:Partisanship is not only the most important determinant of our vote choices and policy preferences, but it shapes countless other beliefs and behaviors. Party identification has even been linked to who we find attractive and who we decide to marry, how we perceive objective conditions like the unemployment rate and federal budget deficit, which neighborhoods we want to live in, and the type of TV shows and cars we like.Because of this, Tesler argues, “the racialization of party identification is by itself the racialization of American politics and society.”Ryan Enos, a Harvard political scientist notes thatThe pull of racial attitudes seems to be moving both directions — so that racial conservatives are being drawn into the GOP and racial liberals are being drawn into the Democratic Party.Political ideology, Enos continued in an email,is a broad orientation that is influenced by basic psychological traits and these traits orient a person toward a particular worldview that can be ideologically conservative or liberal and also causes one to be more or less ethnocentric.The growing linkage between ideological and ethnocentric views has, in turn, contributed to a striking development in congressional elections.Stephen M. Utych, a political scientist at Boise State University, conducted a detailed analysis — “Man Bites Blue Dog: Are Moderates Really More Electable than Ideologues?” — of winners and losers in House races from 1980 to 2012.Utych found that a core premise of both political operatives and political scientists — that “moderate candidates should be more electable in a general election than ideologically extreme candidates” — is no longer true.In fact, in 2012, ideologically extreme candidates became more electable than moderates, as the accompanying graphic shows.In 1980, at the start of the period Utych studied,moderates were quite likely to win — very extreme candidates were less than 20 percent likely to win election in 1980, while ideologically moderate candidates were nearly 80 percent likely to win.By 2008, however, Ultych observes,ideologically extreme candidates and moderates became indistinguishable in their likelihood of winning an election, with predicted probabilities of winning hovering around 50 percent for both.In an email, Utych pointed out that racial views are extremely significant in the trends he describes:The importance of racial attitudes, and how intertwined with politics they’ve become, can go a long way to explaining polarization.Tesler and many other academics use a set of polling questions to determine the intensity of what they call “racial resentment.” Whites who score high in racial resentment have consistently voted in higher percentages for Republican presidential candidates.“From 1988 to 2012 average white resentment scores were very stable, but in 2016 something quite notable happened,” Tesler explained by email. Referring to data from American National Election Studies, Tesler pointed out that White resentment was significantly lower in 2016 than had ever been recorded in the ANES. It’s not just the ANES or resentment, either. Across several surveys and attitudes, the country has grown significantly more liberal on several questions related to race, immigration, Islam and gender since Trump’s campaign.The shift to the left was not, however, across the board. It was driven by one group: Democrats and voters who lean toward the Democratic Party.“This growing tolerance is largely confined to Democrats and Democratic leaning Independents,” Tesler wrote, adding thatDemocrats have grown more tolerant as a backlash against Trumpism. It also means that while the country is growing more tolerant, they’re also more polarized over race and ethnicity.The accompanying graphic, based on data provided by Tesler, demonstrates the growing partisan division over race, in this case showing levels of agreement with the statement “racial discrimination is the main reason why many black people can’t get ahead these days.”From 2008 through 2016, very few Republicans agree, and their disagreement remains constant. Democratic agreement, in contrast, shot up, from just over a quarter to well over half.Tesler argues that racially resentful voters turned against Obama in higher percentages than in past elections when the Democratic nominee was white, but Obama made up for his losses with higher turnout and stronger margins of victory among blacks and white liberals. Tesler calls this phenomenon “two sides of racialization”:Obama performed particularly poorly among racially resentful whites, but garnered more votes from African Americans and white racial liberals than a similarly situated white Democratic candidate.Instead of costing him votes, Tesler continued, thelarge effects of racial attitudes in Obama’s election, therefore, did not so much hurt him electorally as they polarized voter preferences based on their feelings about African-Americans.In 2016, even though both presidential candidates were white, race played an even larger role than it did in the two Obama elections.That year, Tesler wrote,the American public saw a much wider gulf between Clinton and Trump’s positions on issues like immigration and federal aid to African Americans than they had perceived between prior Democratic and Republican presidential candidates.That, in turn, set the stage forattitudes about race and ethnicity to matter more in 2016 than they had in modern times. Across several different racial attitude measures in a number of different surveys, views about race and ethnicity were more strongly related to vote choice in 2016 than they were in Obama’s elections.On Feb. 19, Gallup reported that the liberal faction of the Democratic Party is growing:Increased liberal identification has been particularly pronounced among non-Hispanic white Democrats, rising 20 percentage points from an average 34 percent in the early 2000s to 54 percent in the latest period. By contrast, Gallup trends show a nine-point rise in the percent liberal among Hispanic Democrats, from 29 percent to 38 percent, and an eight-point increase among black Democrats, from 25 percent to 33 percent.Lydia Saad, a senior editor at Gallup, provided additional survey data showing a marked leftward trend among white Democrats during and after the election of President Trump. The percentage of white Democrats who describe themselves as “socially liberal” grew from 39 percent in 2001 to 2006 to 50 percent in 2007 to 2012 and to 63 percent in 2013 to 2018, according to Gallup. This 24-point increase outpaced black Democrats, who went from 33 to 41 percent, and Hispanic Democrats who went from 28 to 36 percent. (Of course, the percentage of white voters who identify as Democrats is much lower than it is for African-America or Hispanic voters.)The Gallup data showed similar leftward shifts among white Democrats on taxing the rich, abortion, gay rights and a wide range of other issues.Not only has the Trump presidency pushed Democrats in a progressive direction, Trump himself has played a crucial role in maintaining Democratic unity, according to Gallup:The Democrats’ grand unifier stands outside the party. Despite differing ideologies and opposing views on some issues, on average last year, 82 percent of conservative Democrats, 91 percent of moderate Democrats and 96 percent of liberal Democrats disapproved of the job President Donald Trump was doing as president.As they prepare for the general election, Democrats battling for the nomination (and their strategists) will struggle to understand how and where their increasingly strong commitment to racial and cultural liberalism conflicts with the views of the general electorate.This week, for example, the Pew Research Center released a study showing that 73 percent of Americans oppose racial and ethnic affirmative action policies in college admissions. Pew reported that 7 percent of those surveyed said race should be a major factor, while 19 percent said it should be a minor factor.Similarly, Democratic strategists will be evaluating the issue of reparations, which three major candidates — Kamala Harris, Elizabeth Warren and Julián Castro — have endorsed so far, in various forms.In 2015, CNN and the Kaiser Family Foundation polled Americans’ view of reparations and found that while African Americans were in favor (52-42), Hispanics (at 57-37), and whites (89-8), were firmly against.In “The Distorting Effects of Racial Animus on Proximity Voting in the 2016 Elections,” Carlos Algara and Isaac Hale, political scientists at the University of California at Davis, show how powerful race has become in mobilizing support for Republicans: “Not only did Trump’s frequent invocations of race in the 2016 campaign prime voters with high levels of racial animus to evaluate the presidential contest in racial terms,” they write, but the increased salience of race in the 2016 campaign “percolated to relatively low-information congressional contests as well.”The result, Algara and Hale show, is that voters liberal on issues other than race defect “to Republican candidates up and down the ticket when they harbor racial animus.” Racial animosity, they write, hurts both black and white Democratic candidates: “Racial animus (at least when salient) harms Democratic candidates across the board.”I began this column with a pair of quotes from my 1992 book, “Chain Reaction.” Here is another pair:As the civil rights movement became national, as it became clearly associated with the Democratic Party, and as it began to impinge on local neighborhoods and schools, it served to crack the Democratic loyalties of key white voters. Crucial numbers of voters — in the white, urban and suburban neighborhoods of the North, and across the South — were, in addition, deeply angered and distressed by aspects of the rights revolution. It had been among the white working and lower-middle classes that many of the social changes stemming from the introduction of new rights — civil rights for minorities, reproductive and workplace rights for women, constitutional protections for the criminally accused, immigration opportunities for those from developing countries, free-speech rights to pornographers, and the surfacing of highly visible homosexual communities — have been most deeply resisted.And from the book’s conclusion:At stake is the American experiment itself, endangered by a rising tide of political cynicism and alienation, and basic uncertainties as to whether or not we are capable of transmitting a sense of inclusion and shared citizenship across an immense and diverse population — whether or not we can uphold our traditional commitment to the possibilities of justice and equality expressed in our founding documents and embedded in our most valued democratic institutions.The question stands out even more starkly now than it did 27 years ago, with a president we could not then have imagined, who is willing, even eager, to play with fire.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here's our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.UNITED NATIONS — When António Guterres was selected over seven female candidates to lead the United Nations, deflating hopes for a first woman secretary general, he promised that the organization would move more forcefully to honor its ideals of gender equality.“Do not let us in the U.N. off the hook,” Mr. Guterres, a Portuguese statesman and longtime United Nations diplomat, said in pledging to change what he acknowledged was a male-dominated world, including within the far-flung reaches of a patriarchal United Nations system. “Keep our feet on the fire.”The International Center for Research on Women, a Washington-based rights and advocacy group that advises the United Nations, has been seeking to do just that. It devised recommendations for measuring what progress Mr. Guterres has made in shaping a more feminist United Nations, and translated them into letter grades.After 2017, his first year, Mr. Guterres got a C-plus. On Wednesday, the group issued the secretary general’s second-year grade. It was only marginally better: B-minus.“He has done a number of things he has said,” said Lyric Thompson, director of policy and advocacy for the center, who helped write the report. Still, she said in a telephone interview, Mr. Guterres could be a far more influential figure on gender equality as the leader of the 193-member United Nations.“What we want to see is the power of the pulpit,” she said. “He has to set the tone that is going to be the agenda for the long haul.”Ms. Thompson acknowledged the challenges Mr. Guterres faces promoting women’s rights among member states where increasingly authoritarian, male-dominated governments seem to be on the rise.“He is the male executive who is head of a system that he acknowledged is powered by patriarchy,” she said. “It is going to take transformation of the entire system.”In a 39-page report card titled “Progress Under Threat,” the women’s group commended Mr. Guterres for advancing gender parity — including among his executive staff — and for taking steps to combat sexual exploitation and harassment within and outside the United Nations. Mr. Guterres has repeatedly promised a “zero-tolerance approach to sexual harassment.”The report also commended him for avidly using social media to promote women’s equality and for speaking about women “as active agents of change, not simply victims of discrimination and violence.”But the group faulted what it described as a penchant for opacity and secrecy in the United Nations bureaucracy that has not significantly changed under Mr. Guterres.“He is lagging in transparency and freedom of information,” Ms. Thompson said.For example, she said, it was difficult to ascertain how much money and other resources the United Nations has put into promoting gender equality and women’s economic empowerment — one of the Sustainable Development Goals it has aspired to achieve by 2030.“Resourcing is often the easiest indication of the extent to which an issue is a priority,” Ms. Thompson said.The report also criticized Mr. Guterres for not taking steps to create an independent system to handle complaints of sexual harassment and other wrongdoing by United Nations staff — a criticism that other advocacy groups have also made.As with other accusations of workplace wrongdoing, the prosecution of sexual harassment complaints falls to the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services, an in-house investigations and auditing arm.The report said that Mr. Guterres had expressed support for an independent system, “but this support has not been subsequently affirmed and interviews with his staff do not indicate any plans to incorporate” such a basic change.Commenting on the report’s conclusions, Farhan Haq, a spokesman for Mr. Guterres, said in an emailed statement: “We are pleased to note that the I.C.R.W. has acknowledged an improvement in our overall handling of gender concerns, and we agree that much more needs to be done within the U.N. system in the pursuit of gender equality.“At the same time,” he continued, “we believe the secretary-general has achieved considerable progress within the complex U.N. system at achieving real reforms to make the U.N. a better workplace for women and men alike.”The statement enumerated Mr. Guterres’s achievements, including equal numbers of men and women among top officials in the Secretariat and “half of the secretary-general’s special representatives around the world.” It also reiterated his “zero-tolerance approach to sexual harassment as well as his determination to strengthen our prevention and response efforts.”The report’s release came less than a week after publication of the first survey of sexual harassment within the United Nations, commissioned by Mr. Guterres, which showed a third of respondents reported experiencing at least one incident in the past few years. Most were sexually offensive stories or jokes.Only 17 percent of the United Nations staff responded to the survey, however, possibly cloaking the true extent of harassment within the organization. In a letter to all employees, Mr. Guterres said the low response rate was a sign that “we still have a long way to go before we are able to fully and openly discuss sexual harassment.”Still, he said, the survey showed “our common resolve to eradicate sexual harassment and ensure a safe workplace.”The United Nations, like other large organizations in the era of the #MeToo Movement, has been jolted recently by some high-profile workplace sexual harassment scandals.In December, for example, a panel of experts investigating allegations of sexual abuse at the United Nations agency fighting AIDS called for the appointment of new leadership, asserting in a damning report that the agency’s executive director, Michel Sidibé, had fostered a cult of personality marked by “favoritism, preferment and ethical blindness.”In another case, Kingston Rhodes, the chairman of the International Civil Service Commission, which regulates salaries and working conditions for United Nations staff members, resigned in mid-December, two weeks before his planned retirement, after allegations he had created a hostile workplace for women.MIAMI BEACH — Mitchell Kaplan remembers Lundy’s market with the kosher butcher shop, Friedman’s Bakery and the Art Deco synagogue down the street. He remembers the Yiddish in the air. He remembers the deli-grocery where he picked up a sesame bagel with cream cheese on the way to school.Back then, everyone on South Beach — the southern tip of Miami Beach — was much older. “They were all like my grandparents,” Mr. Kaplan said the other day.It was the late 1970s, the beginning of the ’80s, and South Beach was a Jewish retirement village, a tropical shtetl, some people called it, a shtetl with palm trees. “It was so Jewish, I thought everybody in the world was Jewish,” said Mr. Kaplan, who grew up on South Beach, started the independent bookstore, Books & Books, and was a founder of the Miami Book Fair.It was a world that vaporized as developers poured money into South Beach, turned it into a flashy, artsy American Riviera. Friedman’s bakery is an Argentine fast-food place now. The synagogue is a museum.But two young photographers made a project of capturing life in the South Beach shtetl and their work has been revived in a new book of photography, “Shtetl in the Sun,” and a documentary film, “The Last Resort,” which is being shown in theaters around the country. “Shtetl in the Sun,” is filled with photos by Andy Sweet, cherubic, always smiling, every bubbe’s darling. He shot in color with a Hasselblad. His photography partner, Gary Monroe, used a Leica. He worked in black and white. In the documentary, photos, reminiscences of Mr. Kaplan and others, archival footage and video of South Beach today tell the story of the shtetl with palm trees and its passing.The photographers developed different styles — Mr. Sweet more casual, catching scenes as if by chance; Mr. Monroe, more meticulous, more concerned about structure. Their photographs exude warmth and empathy. They bring to mind Diane Arbus — without the weirdness — and Robert Frank. Mr. Sweet admired William Eggleston.  Henri Cartier-Bresson and Garry Winogrand were models for Mr. Monroe, who went on to photograph around the world, write books, curate museum exhibitions and teach photography.The camera is often looking into people’s faces: Ordinary people doing ordinary things — sitting in a folding plastic chair on an Art Deco hotel porch, walking along a sun-bleached, nearly empty boulevard.The faces are soulful, ambiguous. Sad, but not terminally sad. Happy but not endlessly happy. Sometimes it looks like resignation, or maybe weariness, or longing. A man in a powder blue sport coat looks annoyed. “Yeah, what about it?” his tight face seems to be saying.One black-and-white shot cuts across a man’s torso and forearms, one arm scarred with a concentration camp tattoo. In another photograph, three women in a party crowd seem alone and isolated, even from each other, absorbed in grave thoughts. A little distance behind them and unawares, a man in a checked sport coat and pointed paper hat beams into the camera.The life they were living had been decades in the making. They were working-class New Yorkers, people from other cold places, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston; Holocaust survivors. They had ended up with little money. Miami Beach had drifted out of favor with tourists. Frank Sinatra and his crew and Jackie Gleason were gone. The Art Deco hotels were getting ragged and renting for almost nothing.But there was plenty of sunshine, and always a nice breeze riffling the palm fronds. They played cards and mah-jongg and shuffleboard on big concrete courts and danced at parties, lots of parties.“What could be better?” says a man in an unbuttoned blue dress shirt in some vintage footage.But people missed their families up north, their children, their grandchildren. “Fun?” one deeply tanned woman says into the video camera. “Nothing. I sit on the porch. This is my fun.” A woman in a sleeveless, knit, aqua blouse says, “Some of these parents have not heard from their children in years.”The book and the film might never have been possible if not for a burst of luck after several calamities. On Oct. 16, 1982, Andy Sweet was murdered in his apartment not far from South Beach, stabbed 27 times. Three men were implicated. One went to prison. Mr. Sweet may have known them. Cocaine and sex may have been factors. “It was really never that clear,” his older sister, Ellen Sweet Moss, says in the film.Mr. Sweet’s family entrusted thousands of his South Beach negatives to an art storage company. Somehow everything was lost. Then Stan Hughes, the partner of Mr. Sweet’s sister, took a stack of comics one day to the family’s household storage locker. As he was leaving, his eyes fell on some long, flat boxes. One label read: “Work Prints 371- 440, Roll #5.”Mr. Hughes had stumbled upon work the family hadn’t known existed, hundreds of Mr. Sweet’s rough work prints, contact sheets and even some big, finished prints. Many were badly faded. Mr. Hughes, who had taught animation and Photoshop to college students in Chicago, spent the next 10 years, off and on, restoring the photos. Ms. Sweet Moss put some on Facebook and, two years ago, they became the inspiration for the book and the film.By chance, Mr. Sweet’s path in life meandered close to Mr. Kaplan’s. They were a year apart at Miami Beach Senior High School. Mr. Sweet was on the school newspaper. “I remember him always with a camera around his neck,” Mr. Kaplan said.Mr. Kaplan graduated from the University of Colorado. Mr. Sweet and Mr. Monroe went there for M.F.A. degrees. In 1982, a few months before Mr. Sweet’s murder, Mr. Kaplan opened Books & Books. Two years later, the Book Fair debuted.“Andy was such a talent,” Mr. Kaplan said. “So many things could have been.”Brett Sokol, a contributor to The New York Times and the arts editor of Ocean Drive magazine, and Francesco Casale, a photographer and graphic designer, published “Shtetl in the Sun,” at their nonprofit Letter16 Press. Dennis Scholl, one of two directors of “The Last Resort,” said he originally thought the film was going to be mostly about Andy Sweet and Gary Monroe and a little about the Jewish community on South Beach. But, he added, “the reverse turned out to be true.” The film had an initial run in New York at the turn of the year. “After the shows in New York,” said Kareem Tabsch, the film’s other director, “we asked people, ‘How many of you have relatives who spent time in South Beach in the 1970s and early ’80s?’”  “Half the audience,” he said, “raised their hands.” One clear lesson from the elections of 2016 and 2018 is that President Trump and his fellow Republican candidates win where white voters are losing ground.Take a look at the 2018 congressional results in the upper Midwest and Pennsylvania, states that provided the Electoral College votes crucial to Trump’s capture of the White House.John C. Austin, the director of the Michigan Economic Center and a senior fellow at Brookings, analyzed economic trends in 15 congressional districts that changed hands last year — 12 from Republican to Democrat, three from Democrat to Republican — in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Minnesota and Iowa.Austin found a striking pattern. In the majority of districts that went from Republican to Democrat:Residents had incomes higher than statewide medians, as well as higher educational attainment — in most places by considerable margins. Conversely, in the three districts that moved from blue to red, incomes and educational attainment lagged statewide figures.The accompanying graphic reveals the extent to which economic considerations shaped the outcome in these districts.The same general pattern emerged in state after state in the recent midterms.In September 2018, Siobhan Hughes and Dante Chinni of The Wall Street Journal took the 70 congressional races ranked as most competitive by the Cook Political Report. They then ranked the races on the basis of an “economic-health index created by the Institute of International Finance.”Of the ten districts ranked highest on economic health, eight were categorized “lean Republican” by the Cook Political Report, and two “lean Democrat.” Before the November election, nine of those 10 seats were held by Republicans.On Election Day, Democrats carried eight out of 10 of these districts.Mark Muro and Jacob Whiton, both of Brookings, worked with John Harwood of CNBC to analyze Democratic and Republican-held congressional districts in the aftermath of the 2018 election. Their conclusions reinforce the findings of Austin, Hughes and Chinni.The key result: the 20 most prosperous districts are now held by Democrats, while Republicans represent 16 of the 20 least prosperous, measured by share of G.D.P. The accompanying chart illustrates their analysis.The authors’ calculation of the contribution to the G.D.P. of every congressional district showed that Democratic districts produce $10.2 trillion of the nation’s goods and services and Republican districts $6.2 trillion.This trend creates a significant dilemma for Trump and the Republican Party. Candidates on the right do best during hard times and in recent elections, they have gained the most politically in regions experiencing the sharpest downturn. Electorally speaking, in other words, Republicans profit from economic stagnation and decline.Let’s return to John Austin of the Michigan Economic Center. In an email he describes this unusual situation succinctly: “A rising economic tide tends to sink the Trump tugboat,” adding“Certainly more people and communities that are feeling abandoned, not part of a vibrant economy means more fertile ground for the resentment politics and ‘blaming others’ for people’s woes (like immigrants and people of color) that fuel Trump’s supporters.”In June 2017, Austin demonstrated the importance of struggling white communities to the Republican Party. His study of the 2016 presidential results in the Midwest showed how strong turnout among voters in regions facing economic deterioration can help Republicans. In that earlier report, Austin wrote:The small- and medium-sized factory towns that dot the highways and byways of Michigan, Indiana, Ohio and Wisconsin have lost their anchor employers and are struggling to fill the void. Many of these communities, including once solidly Democratic-voting, union-heavy, blue collar strongholds, flipped to Trump in 2016.This pattern is not limited to the United States. There are numerous studies demonstrating that European and British voters who are falling behind in the global economy, and who were hurt by the 2008 recession and the subsequent cuts to the welfare state, drove Brexit as well as the rise of right-wing populist parties.One paper, “Measuring the Effects of Economic Austerity on Pro-Sociality: Evidence from Greece,” by Nicholas Sambanis, Anna Schultz and Elena Nikolova, political scientists at Penn, Duke and University College London, found, for example,A strong relationship between job loss and decreased generalized solidarity. We find evidence of in-group bias and the bias becomes more pronounced due to exposure to austerity policies.In a July 2018 paper, “Did Austerity Cause Brexit?” Thiemo Fetzer, an economist at the University of Warwick in Coventry, England, argues that austerity policies adopted in the wake of the 2008 financial collapse were crucial both to voter support for the right-wing populist party UKIP in Britain and to voter approval of Brexit.These political movements “are strongly and causally associated with an individual’s or an area’s exposure to austerity since 2010,” Fetzer writes. Examination of economic trends, welfare policy and polling data shows, according to Fetzer, thatthe EU referendum (Brexit) could have resulted in a Remain victory had it not been for a range of austerity-induced welfare reforms. These reforms activated existing economic grievances. Further, auxiliary results suggest that the underlying economic grievances have broader origins than what the current literature on Brexit suggests. Up until 2010, the UK’s welfare state evened out growing income differences across the skill divide through transfer payments. This pattern markedly stops from 2010 onward as austerity started to bite.There are significant parallels between voting patterns for and against Brexit and the patterns in the 2016 and 2018 elections in this country.In a separate 2017 paper, “Who Voted For Brexit,” Fetzer and two fellow economists at the University of Warwick, Sascha O. Becker and Dennis Novy, found that “in particular, fiscal cuts in the context of the recent U.K. austerity program are strongly associated with a higher Vote Leave share.” This heldall across the board: more deprivation is tightly associated with a larger Vote Leave share or, vice versa; less deprivation is tightly associated with a lower Vote Leave share.The results here and in England reinforce the conclusion that the worse things get, the better the right does.As a rule, as economic conditions improve and voters begin to feel more secure, they become more generous and more liberal. In the United States, this means that voters move to the left; in Britain, it means voters are stronger in their support for staying in the European Union.In his forthcoming book, “Democratic Capitalism at the Crossroads: Technological Change and the Future of Politics” Carles Boix, a political scientist at Princeton, describes how postwar prosperity from 1945 to the mid-1970s led to a liberal international consensus:In light of the historical experience of advanced countries, embracing the program of embedded liberalism made economic and political sense. Twentieth-century democratic capitalism had proved to be both successful and resilient: it had delivered high growth; it had allowed governments to fund generous social programs; and it had sent its main political and economic competitor — communism — to the ash heap of history.As global competition, outsourcing and later, automation, began to produce significant economic disruption, beginning in the 1970s, this liberal consensus frayed.Boix writes,The structure of electoral participation became strongly polarized across the Atlantic — very much in line with the economic transformations brought about by the decline of industry and by globalization in the last forty years.In the United States, economic adversity helped produce Trump, whose inaugural speech (reportedly the handiwork of Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller) Boix cites as emblematic of the hostility emerging with the fall of liberalism:For too long, a small group in our nation’s capital has reaped the rewards of government while the people have borne the cost. Washington flourished, but the people did not share in its wealth. Politicians prospered, but the jobs left. And the factories closed. The establishment protected itself but not the citizens of our country. Their victories have not been your victories. Their triumphs have not been your triumphs. And while they celebrated in our nation’s capital, there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land. That all changes starting right here and right now.Together, the trends described above raise an intriguing question: If the Republican Party now depends on the votes of those who are falling behind, does the party have a vested interest in economic stagnation and decline?I asked scholars and officials at the Niskanen Center — a Washington think tank that recently received favorable coverage for its efforts to resolve contemporary ideological division — whether they thought the Republican Party has come to recognize that prosperity helps Democrats, while economic adversity engenders hostility to immigrants, resentment of liberal elites and animosity among rural voters toward urban America. Does this awareness give politicians on the right a motive to support policies and actions that foster government dysfunction and further impair sections of the country that are in decline?Jerry Taylor, president of Niskanen, replied to my inquiry by making the case that “as conservatives see it, the more visible government dysfunction is, the better. It provides civic education.”Working from this premise, Taylor argued that as far as conservatives go,anything that dispels the illusion that government can be harnessed for positive ends is generally a good thing, and anything that reduces its power and scope is a salutary development.Taylor disputed the suggestion that “Republicans consciously or unconsciously labor to frustrate economic growth in rural white America.” Instead, he said, they are ideologically committed to the belief that economic growth isonly reliably ensured when government is minimized, taxes are nearly inconsequential, and free markets and property rights are given the greatest scope possible. Marry that with their belief that a rising economic tide will lift all boats, and you can quickly see why they’re at a loss to explain what’s going on in rural America.Will Wilkinson, the center’s vice president for research, wrote back to me:The G.O.P.’s success in struggling places has given them a false impression that voters who live there will stay faithful as long as they keep feeding them culture-war chum. Trump’s populism offered a false but compelling diagnosis of their economic problems, immigrants and insufficiently protectionist trade policy, which dovetails neatly with rural white anxieties about declining cultural status and relative political power. If you can align threats to identity with threats to material security, as Trump did, it’s pretty powerful.But, in actual practice moving from campaigning to governing, Wilkinson continued, Trump’strade war is positively hurting agriculture and manufacturing, and every Republican member of congress has voted multiple times to strip away health benefits — leaving ‘identity threat’ as the party’s last resort.What’s more, Wilkinson noted,Identity threat — ‘I don’t recognize this country anymore’ — is very abstract compared to material threat — ‘my daughter with leukemia will die if they don’t cover pre-existing conditions’ — and far less motivating. And the argument that the G.O.P. establishment itself has become a threat to economic/material welfare has started to become persuasive.This has put the Republican Party in a painful position, according to Wilkinson:It’s going to get worse for the G.O.P. as the urgency of the economic problems grows. But they just don’t understand that pushing the same button over and over isn’t going to have the same effect. And this is so in part because they don’t really want to see the seriousness of economic divergence, because they have no idea what to do about it that is remotely consistent with Zombie Reagan social policy dogma.Brink Lindsey, vice president for policy, replied to my queries from a somewhat different angle: “You don’t need conscious intent to produce dysfunction to explain Republican governance failures.”In Lindsey’s view,it starts in ideological self-delusion — that government is simply incapable of performing well, so starving it of funds is always a good idea and trying to make it work better is a waste of time. The problem starts there, as I said, but it doesn’t end there, as these attitudes can very easily merge into cynical, lazy indifference to public administration and onward to outright venality and corruption. And, of course, this ideological stance turns out to be incredibly convenient for rich donors looking for any excuse to keep their taxes down.This is not, according to Lindsey,a conspiracy, but rather a rotten equilibrium. Lack of trust in government brings charlatans to power, further reducing trust in government and widening the path to power for future charlatans.In addition to the Mueller investigation, there are two major factors that will determine the sustainability of the Republican Party’s “rotten equilibrium.”The first, of course, is Trump himself. His victory in 2016 was a charlatan’s ascent, and his presidency has served to sustain distrust in government — fuel, in one sense, for the continued success of charlatans. For the moment, though, his failure to win money for the border wall has punctured his viability as a governing force.Trump’s second, if less heralded, achievement has been to invigorate the Democratic opposition. He has inspired an immense, rambunctious, intensely motivated and exceptionally diverse pack of candidates — some prepared, some less so, to dislodge him from the White House.I invite you to follow me on Twitter, @Edsall.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Andre Williams, who carved out a place in the 1950s rhythm-and-blues scene with earthy songs distinctively delivered, then fell on hard times as a result of addiction before enjoying a late-career resurgence, died on Sunday in Chicago. He was 82.His son Derrick Williams said the cause was cancer.In a decade when mainstream white audiences were watching “Father Knows Best” on television, Mr. Williams was recording provocative songs like “Jail Bait” (1957), a sly warning to men inclined to date teenage girls. It ends with a narrator pleading with a judge for leniency and promising to abandon his lecherous ways:I ain’t gonna bother none 15,I ain’t gonna bother none 16,I ain’t gonna bother none 17,I ain’t gonna mess with none 18,I’m gonna leave them 20-year-old ones alone too,Gonna get me a girl about 42.Mr. Williams’s best-known song was probably “Shake a Tail Feather,” written with Otha Hayes and Verlie Rice, which was first recorded in 1963 by the Five Du-Tones (a version heard in the 1988 John Waters movie “Hairspray”) and also turned up in the 1980 film “The Blues Brothers” performed by Ray Charles.“He sang of the joys of poultry, pork, prepubescent flesh and being ‘The Only Black Man in South Dakota,’ ” the writer and radio personality James Marshall said by email, referencing another Williams song, “yet he never sounded trite, clichéd or banal.”Mr. Williams didn’t sing so much as speak his lyrics, in a casual sort of growl, and as a result he is sometimes called a harbinger of rap. Though he was never a household name or a million-selling artist, his style influenced garage bands and punk rockers, as well as performers like Ike and Tina Turner, who also recorded “Shake a Tail Feather.”By the 1970s, however, drugs and alcohol had begun to derail his career. He was homeless for a time, panhandling.“Between 7 and 9 was when the money came in,” he explained in Tricia Todd’s 2008 documentary, “Agile, Mobile, Hostile: A Year With Andre Williams,” revisiting the spot on the Randolph Street Bridge in Chicago where he used to ask for handouts. “All of the rich folks got off of that train, and they had to come down this bridge to go to all of them places where they steal folks’ money.”Punk rockers and others rediscovered Mr. Williams in the 1990s, and he began recording again. Miriam Linna, who runs the independent label Norton Records, recalled in a telephone interview how George Paulus of St. George Records helped revive Mr. Williams’s career.“One day he calls us up and says, ‘I found Andre Williams,’ ” she said. The rediscovery led to the 1996 album “Greasy,” with Norton issuing the vinyl and Mr. Paulus’s label issuing the CD.“It was a great montage of the old and the new,” Ms. Linna said of that record, on which Mr. Williams was backed by the doo-wop group El Dorados. A new version of “Jail Bait” led off the record.Mr. Williams followed that in 1998 with “Silky,” an album that showed him to be, if anything, more raunchy than ever. The Dallas Observer called the record “an affirmation that none of those wild young garage rockers who admire him so much can get as down and dirty as he can.”Some of the record’s song titles are unprintable here. To those who might have a problem with that, or with lyrics like “I want to be your favorite girdle so I can cling to your curvy hips” (from the track “I Wanna Be Your Favorite Pair of Pajamas”), he had an unapologetic response.“Get off my back about the language,” he said in an interview with The Observer. “I’m trying to tell a story. Dig the theme. We can’t all go on the expressway. Sometimes some of us got to take the low road.”Zephire Andre Williams was born on Nov. 1, 1936, in Bessemer, Ala., to Tom and Fannie Williams. The family went north to Chicago when he was a child, but when his mother died in 1943 he returned to the South to live with relatives.As a teenager Andre returned to his father in Chicago and used fake identification to enlist in the Navy, which discharged him when it discovered he was underage. He began singing with various groups and eventually signed with Fortune Records in Detroit.“Back in the days of the rhythm-and-blues groups, the high voice was the big thing,” Mr. Williams explained years later. “I sang baritone, so I knew I couldn’t compete with Nolan Strong or Clyde McPhatter” — prominent tenors of the day — “so I came up with my own thing, the spoken thing.”His first big success was “Bacon Fat,” which cracked the Top 10 of the Billboard R&B chart in 1957. There was also “Pass the Biscuits Please,” a droll song that consisted of not much more than Mr. Williams imploring someone, anyone, to pass him the biscuits.In the 1960s Mr. Williams spent several years writing and producing for the Motown label, working with the Temptations, the Contours and other acts.Ms. Linna said that in 2007 Mr. Williams, in rehab and not for the first time, called her in distress about how to escape his addiction demons. She suggested he try writing a book. In 2009 she published his “Sweets and Other Stories,” a fictional work written from the perspective of a young woman.“He wrote himself straight,” Ms. Linna said. “I didn’t think he was going to deliver. But he did.”Mr. Williams’s wife, Yvonne (Jarman) Williams, died in 2004. In addition to his son Derrick, he is survived by two other sons, Renaldo and Andre; two daughters, Andrea Harling and Rashandra Owens; 12 grandchildren; and a great-grandchild.Mr. Williams was as energetic onstage in his 70s as he had been in his youth, and he was quick to offer up tales from his fast-lane life.“Nobody who spent any time with Andre Williams came away from it without at least a story,” Mr. Marshall said. “Many came away with an arrest record. A few ended up dead.“But mention his name to anyone and the first thing you’ll get is a smile. Possibly followed by a curse, but they always smile first.”WASHINGTON — President Trump said on Tuesday that he would consider delaying a March 2 deadline to reach a trade deal with China, saying the United States might not impose higher tariffs on Chinese goods if talks with Beijing were going well.“If we’re close to a deal where we think we can make a real deal, I could see myself letting them slide for a little while,” Mr. Trump said during remarks at the Oval Office.Mr. Trump’s comments came as American officials were in Beijing for a week of talks with Chinese officials to try to resolve a trade war that has begun to inflict economic damage on both sides of the Pacific. The two countries are trying to work out significant differences ahead of the March 2 deadline, when, the United States has said, it will increase tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese goods to 25 percent from 10 percent.[One potentially big obstacle in the way of reaching a deal is how the United States punishes China if it doesn’t meet its obligations.] Both Mr. Trump and his top trade negotiator, Robert Lighthizer, have previously said that the deadline is a firm date and that the United States will not extend the timeline, which Mr. Trump and President Xi Jinping of China agreed upon during a dinner in Buenos Aires last year.But with many of the biggest issues unresolved and the deadline drawing near, Mr. Trump appeared ready to give both sides more time to negotiate. And he again suggested that he and Mr. Xi may ultimately needed to iron out the remaining differences before a final deal was reached.“At some point, I expect to meet with Xi and make the parts of the deal that the group is unable to make,” Mr. Trump said.The president had originally suggested that such a meeting could take place ahead of the deadline but reversed course last week, saying he would not meet with Mr. Xi before March 2.A delegation of top American trade officials, including Mr. Lighthizer and Steven Mnuchin, the Treasury secretary, arrived in Beijing this week to try to negotiate the outlines of a deal.Mr. Trump characterized those discussions as “going well” and said he thought the United States had a chance “to make a real deal.”He added that he wanted it “to be a real deal, not just a deal that looks cosmetically good for a year.”But steep challenges remain to striking an agreement that addresses the administration’s primary concerns, including China’s practice of forcing American companies to hand over valuable technology and restricting access to its market. Mr. Lighthizer, who briefed senators last week, told lawmakers that one of the biggest issues was ensuring that China followed through with whatever commitments it made. Senators told Mr. Lighthizer that they wanted the text of any agreement or memo of understanding with China to be made public.For now, China primarily appears willing to buy more American goods, like soybeans, but has not indicated how many other concessions it is prepared to make. And while both countries have expressed optimism about bridging their differences, Mr. Xi is facing pressure in China not to agree to a deal that would jeopardize his country’s economic or national security. China’s economy is growing at its slowest pace in years, in part because of the American tariffs.Mr. Trump on Tuesday again portrayed China’s economic weakness as the United States’ strength, saying it was in China’s interest to make a deal. The United States, he said, could benefit by retaining tariffs on $250 billion worth of Chinese goods, and he again inaccurately suggested that China was paying the levies.“I’m happy either way,” he said. “I could live receiving billions and billions of dollars a month from China. China never gave us 10 cents. Now they are paying billions a month for the privilege of coming into the U.S. and honestly taking advantage.”While the United States is collecting billions in tariffs, that money is not coming directly from China but from companies and customers who buy imported goods.SKELETON KEYS The Secret Life of Bone By Brian SwitekUs cruel humans. We produce babies whose kneecaps aren’t bone yet but expect them to crawl. Their cartilage kneecaps take at least three years to harden; other bones begin 11 weeks before birth, when softer tissue ossifies. The process continues into adolescence. When your teenager oversleeps, give him a break: He’s still making bones.ImageThere is much that startles in “Skeleton Keys,” Brian Switek’s cultural history of bone, not least that bone is startling at all. We mostly see it when it’s dead: a skeleton, a skull. We think of bones as white, brittle and inert, not rich and dynamic. Yet bone is mobile in more ways than one. It makes possible all kinds of locomotion, to “stomp, fly, swim, slither, dig, run.” Inside the body, new bone cells are constantly forming while osteoclast cells slough off others, a process known as resorbing but that Switek more memorably embeds in my imagination as “something like what happened to the deck of Nostromo in ‘Alien’ when the face hugger’s acid blood melted through the floor.”Switek, a science journalist who has written about dinosaurs, wants to use his book to unlock the past, present and future of our inner scaffolding, our 206 bones — a figure repeated too often — that make our extraordinary skeleton. The dinosaurs are here only to cast their big crowd-pleasing shadow over the rightful stars: the fossils and fish that offer clues to how we became who we are, an upright bipedal mobile mammal with swiveling elbows. The next time I hear music, I’ll thank the “twitchy fish” that began to form jaws and then ears. Peter Benchley, who gave us fiction’s most memorable man-eating shark, probably should too. Without them, as Switek points out, his novel might have been called “Pharyngeal Slit” or simply “Hole.”ImageCreditFrank Franklin II/Associated PressSwitek is an affable guide, and affability is required when the depth and breadth of his subject is so vast, when many characters are fossils or skeletons and most field trips are to yet another museum. His tone can veer from chatty — he writes of collagen that “splorts” — to overly academic, and there is enough repetition that one could wish for a sharper editorial scalpel. At one point Switek hesitates to call a female skeleton from a tar pit “La Brea Woman” because of current theories on sex and gender, eschewing “biological sex” as presumptuous and sticking to “osteological sex” instead. I’m none the wiser at the end of this sticky muddle. (And later in the book, Switek happily uses “biological sex” again.)We are on surer ground with his skeletal actors, displayed to us, and displaying in turn episodes of illness, deformity, history and ethics. Read of poor Harry Eastlack, whose body turned soft tissue to bone, or of the deformed skulls of the children of Toulouse, and I defy you not to wince. He revisits the gripping detective story surrounding bones under a parking lot that turned out to belong to King Richard III. Its lead actors are the DNA and chemical isotopes in the bones, the slashes and slices that showed his awful prolonged death in battle. There are thoughtful explorations on the right way to treat the dead, when they have often been treated so wrongly. One shameful episode was the accidental digging up of human remains in Iowa in 1971 by construction workers: While 26 European settlers who were unearthed were sensitively sent for reburial, the bones of a Native American mother and child were handed over to the state archaeologist.I sit here now crossing my extraordinary kneecaps and thinking of my dissolving bones. I wish my favorite fact about bone had not been missing — that the marrow inside these things, judged inert and ignored, makes blood, the most vivid biological substance — but there is plenty to compensate. My skeleton may be invisible, and I’d like it to stay that way. But now, when it comes to these “endless forms most beautiful and wonderful,” to borrow Darwin’s words, I can see them better thanks to Switek’s keys.CHICAGO — Barely a week after he was bailed out of jail while facing sex abuse charges, R. Kelly was taken back into custody on Wednesday for failing to pay his ex-wife more than $160,000 in child support.Mr. Kelly’s return to jail came just hours after the airing of his first interview since he was charged with 10 counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse in connection with four women, three of whom prosecutors say were underage at the time. He was released last week on a $100,000 bond paid by a friend after several days of apparently struggling to come up with the money.In the interview, with Gayle King of “CBS This Morning,” he was emotional and unyielding. He denied having had sex with underage girls and portrayed himself as a victim of a social media-fueled smear campaign.[Two women living with R. Kelly denied being brainwashed.]Mr. Kelly, 52, whose real name is Robert Kelly, screamed, cursed and pleaded to the camera.“Hate me if you want to, love me if you want,” he said. “But just use your common sense. How stupid would it be for me, with my crazy past and what I’ve been through — oh, right now I just think I need to be a monster, hold girls against their will, chain them up in my basement, and don’t let them eat, don’t let them out!”He continued, directly into the camera, and grew tearful: “I didn’t do this stuff! This is not me!”“I’m fighting for my life!” he said, using an expletive. He jumped out of his seat and became so upset that Ms. King paused the interview so he could regain his composure.On Wednesday, he was back in court, having been ordered last month to pay his ex-wife Andrea Kelly $161,663 in child support, according to The Chicago Sun-Times, about $30,000 less than the total he owes her. They had three children together.“Surviving R. Kelly,” a Lifetime documentary that aired in January, said that since the couple divorced in 2009, Mr. Kelly had stopped paying child support on “several occasions.”[Read more on the “Surviving R. Kelly” documentary that detailed the sex abuse accusations.]“I’m in foreclosure court on my house,” Ms. Kelly said in the documentary. “Why? Robert stopped paying child support as a way to punish me.”Darryll Johnson, a spokesman for Mr. Kelly, said the singer arrived in court on Wednesday in “good spirits,” hoping to work out a deal in which he would pay his former wife as much as $60,000. But the court decided that he would have to pay the full ordered amount before he could be released.“He can’t pay,” Mr. Johnson said. “He hasn’t worked in a long time. He just didn’t have the money.”While Kelly “has some money,” he added, “at the end of the day, he has to live.”Ms. Kelly’s lawyer said she could not discuss the case, which is under seal.“Surviving R. Kelly” had brought new attention to longstanding accusations that Mr. Kelly had mistreated women, reviving prosecutors’ interest in his behavior and leading to his arrest last month.In his CBS interview, Mr. Kelly dismissed the accounts in the documentary.“Nobody said nothing good,” he said. “They was describing Lucifer. I’m not Lucifer. I’m a man. I make mistakes, but I’m not a devil. And by no means am I a monster.”Ms. King repeatedly pressed Mr. Kelly about the many allegations against him. He gave no ground, and often fired back at his accusers.ImageR. Kelly’s booking photo after he was jailed for failure to pay child support.CreditCook County Sheriff’s OfficeWhen she asked him if he had broken any laws, he responded, “Absolutely not.”“You can start a rumor on a guy like me or a celebrity just like that,” he said. “All you have to do is push a button on your phone and say: ‘So and so did this to me. R. Kelly did this to me.’”One of the women he is charged with sexually abusing when she was a minor, Jerhonda Pace, said on Instagram and Twitter that what she saw in the interview “was a man that needs help.”“For decades he’s been around enablers who never told him the truth” about his conduct, she wrote. “Him believing he’s doing no wrong is no different than an adult telling a child Santa is real.”According to prosecutors, another of the underage girls was the same one who appeared in a sex tape with Mr. Kelly that resulted in a 2008 trial on child pornography charges. The girl did not testify then, and Mr. Kelly was found not guilty after his lawyers successfully argued that his identity could not be proved.In an excerpt from the CBS interview released on Tuesday, Mr. Kelly referred to his acquittal, telling Ms. King: “You can’t double jeopardy me like that. You can’t. It’s not fair.”The new charges involving that girl are based on a newly obtained videotape, about two decades old, that came from someone who had once been in contact with Mr. Kelly. That person recently gave the tape to Michael Avenatti, the celebrity lawyer, who turned it over to prosecutors.[Prosecutors say a hairdresser, autograph seeker and birthday girl were all victims of R. Kelly.]In the tape, the girl refers several times to having 14-year-old body parts and, according to Mr. Avenatti, the acts depicted in the video were different from those at the center of the 2008 case, eliminating any issue of double jeopardy.Ms. King also mentioned that Lady Gaga had recently apologized for collaborating with Mr. Kelly on a song several years ago. He responded: “She’s a very great talent and it’s unfortunate that her intelligence go to such a short level when it comes to that.”Some of the interview covered allegations separate from Mr. Kelly’s criminal case: that he has held women in a kind of sexual and emotional captivity, dictating their every move, including when they can go to the bathroom. The parents of two women now living with Mr. Kelly, Azriel Clary, 21, and Joycelyn Savage, 23, have accused him of brainwashing their daughters.[Meet the woman trying to convict R. Kelly and send him to prison.]“I love them,” Mr. Kelly told Ms. King. “It’s like they’re like my girlfriends. We have a relationship. It’s real and I know guys like — I’ve known guys all my life that have five or six women, O.K. So don’t go there on me.”As for their ages, Mr. Kelly said: “I don’t look at much younger than me. I just look at legal,” and that he was an “older man that loves all women,” regardless of age.He also said the women’s parents had encouraged them to get close to him to jump-start their music careers. “What kind of father, what kind of mother would sell their daughter to a man?” he said, adding that Ms. Clary’s parents had wanted her to have sex with him.Ms. King also conducted a joint interview of Ms. Clary and Ms. Savage; an excerpt was aired on Wednesday with more to come on Thursday. On Friday night CBS will broadcast a one-hour program with additional segments from the interviews with Mr. Kelly and the women.In the excerpt aired on Wednesday, Ms. Clary is visibly emotional.“I’m crying because you guys don’t know the truth,” Ms. Clary said. “You guys believe in some facade that our parents are saying; this is all lies for money. If you can’t see that, you’re ignorant, and you’re stupid,” adding several expletives.Ms. Clary’s parents responded on Twitter via Mr. Avenatti.After Ms. Savage’s parents held a news conference in Atlanta later in the morning, their daughter called them. According to a television reporter who was there, the parents said it was the first time they had spoken with her in two years.A few hours later, Mr. Kelly was led away to jail once again.Nancy B. Reich, whose seminal 1985 biography of Clara Schumann established her as an important musical figure independent of her husband, the composer Robert Schumann, and helped turn the musicological spotlight on female composers, died on Jan. 31 in Ossining, N.Y. She was 94.Her death was confirmed by her daughter, Susanna Reich.Throughout her career, Dr. Reich fought to redress belittling portraits of Clara Schumann by earlier authors and to have her recognized as a significant composer, pianist and educator, as well as a central figure of German Romanticism.The decades that followed the publication of her book, “Clara Schumann: The Artist and the Woman,” vindicated her efforts with an explosion of both public and scholarly interest. Doctoral dissertations, anthologies and histories of music by women proliferated. Scholarly editions of Clara Schumann’s music for piano appeared, fueling an increase in performances.Dr. Reich’s death coincided with the beginning of a yearlong festival in Leipzig, Germany, for the bicentennial of Clara Schumann’s birth there. She died in 1896 and left behind compositions including songs, works for solo piano, chamber music and a piano concerto.But when Dr. Reich first turned her attention to the subject in the 1970s, Clara Schumann was noted primarily for her relationships with men. These included her father, the stern pedagogue Friedrich Wieck, who groomed her for pianistic stardom from an early age; her husband, with whom she had eight children before his death in a mental institution in 1856; and Brahms, with whom she came to be bound by a love that was deep but probably platonic.ImageWhen Dr. Reich first turned her attention to the subject in the 1970s, Clara Schumann was noted primarily for her relationships with men. Her book established her as an important musical figure in her own right.In her book, Dr. Reich relegated the Brahms strand of the story to a single chapter. “It was a most significant chapter, to be sure,” she wrote in her introduction, “but it was not the consuming central relationship that so many people have suspected.”Her take was a far cry from the “example of noble, pure and true womanhood” that the first biography, completed in 1908, made her out to be. A typical assessment of her status was found in John N. Burk’s “Clara Schumann: A Romantic Biography” (1940), which prized Robert’s work over Clara’s career as a touring virtuoso, even though she made much more money through her concertizing than he did with his compositions. For Mr. Burk, Robert was “an artist for eternity” while Clara was “a concert-giver for the moment.”The musicologist Judith Tick said in a telephone interview that Clara Schumann “was seen primarily as a muse,” adding: “Her life was assumed to pivot between two poles, Robert Schumann and Johannes Brahms. And Nancy’s book destroyed that, while tempering the sensationalist assumptions about Clara Schumann and Brahms.”Nancy Bassen was born on July 3, 1924, in the Bronx to Hyman Bassen, a writer and labor activist, and Ida (Orland) Bassen. After Hyman’s death in 1931 the family moved to Ithaca, N.Y., where Nancy’s brother, Jonas, was a student at Cornell University.Ida ran a boardinghouse for Jewish and black students who were not welcome in college dorms.After the family moved back to New York City, Nancy attended the High School of Music and Art, where she played violin and viola. She obtained a bachelor’s degree in music at Queens College in 1945, the same year she married Haskell Aaron Reich, who later became a physicist.Dr. Reich’s husband died in 1983. Her longtime companion, the biochemist Maurice M. Rapport, died in 2011. In addition to her daughter, a children’s book author, her survivors include a son, Matthew, and three grandchildren.In a telephone interview, Susanna Reich said her mother’s ambitions for an academic career had been cut short after she completed a master’s at Columbia University’s Teachers College in 1947. When she applied for a doctoral program at Columbia, her daughter said, “the interviewer asked her if she was married, and when she said yes, the interviewer told her to go home and take care of her husband.”Finally, in 1972, when Dr. Reich was 47, she obtained her Ph.D. from New York University. Buoyed by the women’s movement and intrigued by a stash of letters she came across, she dove into the life of Clara Schumann. Her research often took her behind the Iron Curtain, since many collections of documents were kept in what was then East Germany.“She had to register at every police station in every town she went to,” Ms. Tick, the musicologist, said.The sources themselves called for psychological detective work. While Clara Schumann left copious letters and diaries, many of those from her childhood were supervised, or even written, by her father. As a married couple, Robert and Clara kept a joint diary. In her work Dr. Reich collaborated with a psychoanalyst, Anna Burton, in reconstructing the picture of a musician who was as conscious of her exceptional status as she was conflicted about it.“It’s a very modern story,” Dr. Reich said in an interview with The New York Times in 1996. “Here was a girl growing up with a working mother who was taken care of by a maid, a child of divorced parents. She was left a widow at 36, but she was very independent and refused all loans. When Robert was sick, she went back to the concert stage to pay for his medical bills. She was a working woman. She worked with her hands.”Dr. Reich taught at New York University and Queens and Manhattanville Colleges and was a visiting professor at Bard and Williams. She never won tenure, even though her book, revised in 2001 and translated into German, Japanese, Hebrew and other languages, was well received.Liane Curtis, a musicologist studying the English composer Rebecca Clarke and the president of the Women’s Philharmonic Advocacy, said in a phone interview that it was Dr. Reich who gave her the idea that “having a woman as a subject was worth devoting a big portion of your life to.”A year ago, in the wake of President Trump’s tax cut, euphoric investors pushed the Dow Jones industrial average past 25,000, a record. The Dow had just gained 25 percent in 2017, and the Nasdaq had leapt 28 percent. Volatility was so low that there wasn’t a single day in 2017 when the S&P 500 fluctuated more than 2 percent.Not everyone was celebrating.“If there are any certainties, one will be that this party will eventually come to an end,” James Stack, president of InvesTech Research, told me a year ago. “And when it ends, it will end badly, and with high volatility.”Mr. Stack turned out to be right. He lowered his recommended asset allocation for United States stocks from 82 percent last January to 72 percent in September, when stocks hit new all-time highs. He urged investors to raise cash in October, and at the end of November he recommended an even more defensive posture — including putting money in a fund whose value would rise when stock prices dropped. That brought his recommended net exposure to stocks to just 55 percent, the lowest since the depths of the last bear market in early 2009.Stocks plunged in December, posting their worst monthly loss since the financial crisis and the worst December since 1931 and the Great Depression.Yet most economic indicators are benign. Unemployment is an exceptionally low 3.7 percent. Wages are rising. Inflation remains below the Federal Reserve’s 2 percent target. The Fed raised rates a quarter point in December, citing “a very healthy economy.”Given Mr. Stack’s track record last year, I reached out to him this week for his current views. Even though valuations have come down and macroeconomic indicators “have remained remarkably strong,” he said, he’s still defensive and hasn’t changed his bearish allocation. He believes that the worst isn’t over and that the Dow and S&P 500 will soon be down 20 percent from their peaks, retreating into a bear market. (The Nasdaq Composite and the Wilshire 2000 index of small-cap stocks are already there.)And that was before a revenue warning from Apple sent markets into another steep fall on Thursday.“A lesson from history is that the market leads the economy by a lot longer than investors realize,” Mr. Stack said. If the economy is headed toward recession, as the latest stock market declines suggest it may be, “we won’t see the first economic warning signs until the first three to five months” of 2019. Among the leading indicators he’s watching for signs of weakness are consumer confidence, housing starts and unemployment claims.On Thursday, the Institute for Supply Management manufacturing index, a leading indicator of industrial activity, fell sharply. That suggests that “serious cracks” are starting to appear in the economy, Mr. Stack said.Mr. Stack is right that bear markets typically precede recessions by many months: CNBC calculated in 2016 that bear markets since World War II had begun on average about eight months before a recession. That means that if a bear market did begin after major indexes peaked last fall, a recession might not start until June or even later. Even then, recessions are often over before economic data confirms their existence.That’s when bear markets are, in fact, followed by recessions, which often isn’t the case. As the economist Paul Samuelson famously said, “The stock market has forecast nine of the last five recessions.”Since World War II, there have been 13 bear markets. They were followed within a year by a recession just seven times. As a predictor of recessions with just 54 percent accuracy, bear markets are little better than flipping a coin.Indeed, Mr. Stack’s data show that two or more down years in a row are quite rare: There have been only four instances since 1928, suggesting that stocks may well be in positive territory by the end of 2019, even if a bear market does materialize in the meantime.Which is one reason the Wharton economist Jeremy Siegel told me that he’s bullish on the stock market this year. He predicts it could rise between 5 percent and 15 percent, even if there is an economic slowdown.Stocks are much cheaper now than they were before the December sell-off. The ratio between stock prices and projected earnings for companies in the S&P 500 is about 17, down from over 19 a year ago and the lowest in the past five years.[Stocks rose Friday after the release of a strong December jobs report and comments by the chairman of the Federal Reserve that the central bank would be flexible on raising interest rates this year.]Mr. Stack, however, argued that in the event of an economic downturn — or even a significant slowdown — “those projected earnings will go out the window.”“I would not call today’s market undervalued,” he added.Mr. Siegel bases his forecast of a market rally on the belief that the Fed will stop raising short-term interest rates. “I think the Fed got the message from the markets that it should not have hiked in December,” he said.Mr. Stack, too, said he was surprised the Fed raised rates in December. “I think the Fed will stand down and put future rate increases on hold,” he said, “which could stabilize the market, at least for the time being.”But Mr. Stack’s technical indicators are still pointing toward a bear market. He’s also worried about the shaky housing market, with price drops and slowing sales showing up in major cities.“We’re not trying to time the market, but we’re very comfortable with our defensive allocation,” he said. Although he predicted higher volatility a year ago, he was nonetheless surprised by the extremes reached in December, without even “a single hard warning sign of recession on the horizon.”“Can you imagine,” he asked, “how volatile it will be when we do have those warnings?”• Our critics and writers weigh in on the best and worst moments of the 61st annual Grammy awards.• At a ceremony dominated by female performers and presenters, Kacey Musgraves won album of the year for “Golden Hour,” as well as three other awards. Cardi B became the first woman to win best rap album as a solo artist for “Invasion of Privacy.”• See the full list of winners and the red carpet looks.• Childish Gambino’s “This Is America” won four awards and Lady Gaga’s “Shallow,” from the movie “A Star Is Born,” won two.• This year’s ceremony was perhaps as notable for who didn’t show up — Kendrick Lamar, Childish Gambino, Ariana Grande — as who did.LOS ANGELES — Women took center stage at the 61st annual Grammy Awards on Sunday night, with bold performances and wins in many top categories, a year after the awards came under withering criticism for its track record in gender representation.The controversies of last year, when just one woman won a solo award during the telecast — and the outgoing head of the Recording Academy, the organization behind the awards, remarked that women in music should “step up” to advance their careers — were never far from the surface of the show.Dua Lipa, a 23-year-old British singer who has established herself as a hitmaker, alluded to that when accepting the award for best new artist, saying she was honored to be recognized among so many other female artists.“I guess this year we really stepped up,” Lipa said. Backstage, she told reporters that the message of greater gender equity was immediately clear to her when the nominations were announced in December.[Read about Michelle Obama joining Alicia Keys onstage.]The award for album of the year went to Kacey Musgraves for “Golden Hour,” a collection that stretched the boundaries of country and drew deep respect from critics. She also took home three other prizes in the country field.“Women have a really necessary perspective — to life, to music,” Musgraves told reporters backstage. “It’s really nice to see that getting a chance to be included.”Many of the awards won by men highlighted the Grammys’ fraught history with hip-hop. Both the record and song of the year prizes — the latter awarded for songwriting — were won by Childish Gambino’s “This Is America,” a thumping, confrontational song about racial injustice.It was the first hip-hop song to win either award. But Donald Glover, the actor and musician who performs as Childish Gambino, was absent. He, along with Kendrick Lamar and Drake, the two most powerful and influential young rappers in music, were offered performance spots on the show but turned them down, reflecting the alienation from the Grammys that has taken hold among much of the upper ranks of hip-hop.Drake was there to accept the award for best rap song, for “God’s Plan” from his blockbuster album “Scorpion.” Before his speech was cut off, he alluded to the gulf between the Grammy establishment and hip-hop culture.“This is a business where sometimes it’s up to a bunch of people that might not understand what a mixed-race kid from Canada has to say or a fly Spanish girl from New York, or a brother from Houston,” he said.“But the point is, you’ve already won if you have people who are singing your songs word for word, you don’t need this right here,” he added, holding up the Grammy.Brandi Carlile, an earnest female singer-songwriter in an Americana style, was the dark horse of the show, getting six nominations — more than any other woman — including in the top categories of album, record and song of the year.She gave a powerful, arena-filling performance of her song “The Joke,” and ended up winning three awards, though none in the top categories. She took best American roots performance and song for “The Joke,” and Americana album for “By the Way, I Forgive You.” They were the first Grammys of her career.Lamar and Drake, the two most-nominated artists — with eight and seven nods, respectively — each won only one. Lamar’s “King’s Dead,” from the “Black Panther” soundtrack, tied for best rap performance with Anderson .Paak’s “Bubblin.”Childish Gambino’s “This Is America” won a total of four awards, including rap/sung performance and best music video.Appearance by Michelle Obama draws thunderous applauseThe ceremony began with the 21-year-old singer Camila Cabello performing her song “Havana” on a neon-colored city street scene, joined by a white-suited Ricky Martin, J Balvin and Young Thug.But the first moment of major star power came a few minutes later, when Alicia Keys, the host, introduced “my sisters”: Lady Gaga, Jada Pinkett Smith, Michelle Obama and Jennifer Lopez. Each spoke about the inspiring power of music throughout their lives.Obama, drawing a thunderous welcome from the crowd at the Staples Center, was nearly drowned out as she delivered her lines.“From the Motown records I wore out on the South Side,” she said, “to the ‘who run the world’ songs that fueled me through this last decade, music has always helped me tell my story.”One superstar woman after another performed solo routines, as if they were fleshing out different views of diva-hood.Janelle Monáe performed “Make Me Feel” with bits of inspiration from Prince and Michael Jackson, but focused on female sexuality, surrounded by female dancers in tight rubber outfits.[Messages of inspiration and hope prevailed during the show.]With Cooper absent, Lady Gaga took both parts of “Shallow” herself. Dressed in a black sequined suit and high platform heels, she thrashed on the stage like a 1970s arena rocker, as pyrotechnics announced the song’s climax.Jennifer Lopez led a Motown tribute performed as a Vegas-style revue. She was joined by Smokey Robinson and Ne-Yo, with a medley of about 10 songs jammed into six minutes and featuring gymnastic, bottom-shaking, somersaulting dancing.Cardi B wins her first GrammyCardi B won the first Grammy of her career, best rap album for “Invasion of Privacy.” Holding the hand of her husband, the rapper Offset, she joked about struggling for composure — “Maybe I should start smoking weed!” — before talking about the long nights she worked to finish her album and shoot videos while pregnant. She is the first female solo artist to win in the category.Earlier, she performed “Money” dressed in purple and black like a supervillain, while dancers around her moved and spread their legs in synchronous motion like a bawdy Busby Berkeley sequence. In the audience, Offset stuck out his tongue suggestively.[Never miss a pop music story: Sign up for our weekly newsletter, Louder.]H.E.R., the stage name for the 21-year-old singer and songwriter Gabriella Wilson, led a slow-build version of her ballad “Hard Place.” She won two awards, for R&B performance (in the song “Best Part”) and best R&B album, for her self-titled release “H.E.R.” But when accepting R&B album, she seemed almost baffled that it was eligible.“It’s not even an album,” she said. “It’s an E.P.”Lady Gaga won the first award of the telecast, best pop duo/group performance, for “Shallow,” her duet with Bradley Cooper from their movie “A Star Is Born.” Tearful, she said she wished Cooper were with her — he was in London for the Baftas, the British film awards — and addressed a theme in the film, in which Cooper plays a singer struggling with addiction.“I’m so proud to be part of a movie that addresses mental health issues,” she said. “A lot of artists deal with that and we’ve got to take care of each other.”Tributes to Dolly Parton and Diana RossDiana Ross, appearing in a wide, lacy red gown, celebrated her 75th birthday with two hits from her solo career, “The Best Years of My Life” and “Reach Out and Touch (Somebody’s Hand).” Winding up her performance, she ordered those in the crowd to wave their hands, saying: “Together we have no limits. You can learn, dream, unlock new doors. All is possible.”She ended with, “Happy birthday to me!”Dolly Parton had the most cross-generational appeal, singing a five-song medley with Katy Perry, Kacey Musgraves, Miley Cyrus and Maren Morris that had Smokey Robinson and the K-pop group BTS all dancing and singing along in the crowd. It ended with a nostalgic singalong on “9 to 5” that seemed to pull in the whole arena.Shortly thereafter, Musgraves won her third Grammy of the night — best country album for “Golden Hour” — and gushingly doled out thanks to her manager, the Grammys and her fans.“I never dreamed that this record would be met with such love, such warmth, such positivity,” Musgraves said.[Here’s the full list of Grammys winners.]Early wins for Carlile and Lady GagaAll but nine of the Grammys’ 84 awards were given out in a nontelevised ceremony that was attended by few of the night’s big stars. Carlile led the preshow portion with her three wins in the American roots category.“Americana music is the island of the misfit toys; I am such a misfit,” Carlile said, accepting the second award. “It is the music that has shaped my life and made me who I am, and even given me my family.”Lady Gaga and Musgraves each had two early wins. Lady Gaga’s “Joanne (Where Do You Think You’re Goin’?),” a piano version of a song first released more than two years ago, took best pop solo performance, and “Shallow” took best song written for visual media. Musgraves won best country solo performance for “Butterflies” and her “Space Cowboy” took best country song.The score for “Black Panther” also won an award for its composer, Ludwig Göransson.[Here’s a look at the Grammys red carpet.]The preshow awards may be invisible to most of the general public, but they can set important benchmarks in the industry, and have the power to reshape careers among artists in genres far beyond pop radio.One barrier was broken with the award for best engineered album, nonclassical, which went to Beck’s “Colors.” Among its winners was Emily Lazar, a studio veteran who became the first woman to win as mastering engineer in that category.“I am so grateful to be one of the people,” she said, “that young women see and they can say: ‘I can see it. I can be it. That’s a cool career, I want to go do that.’”Claudia Brant, a seasoned songwriter for Latin artists who won best Latin pop album for “Sincera,” noted that for all the Grammys’ power, it is the daily studio work that matters the most.“Of course it’s going to change my career, because it’s the biggest recognition I’ve ever gotten,” Brant said. “But tomorrow I’ll have a session in the studio with another artist that’s looking for good songs.”The Grammys missed a chance for another milestone in the producer of the year category. The award went to Pharrell Williams. Had it gone to Linda Perry, she would have been the first woman to take home that award.[Here’s the full list of Grammys winners.]The celebrity lawyer Michael Avenatti said on Thursday that he had given the authorities a videotape that, according to a report, appears to show the musician R. Kelly having sex with a girl who may have been underage.Once a dominant R&B singer and hitmaker, Kelly, 52, has been trailed by allegations of sexual misconduct and abuse for years, but he has never been convicted of a crime. In 2008, he was acquitted of child pornography charges pertaining to a videotape that, prosecutors alleged, showed Kelly having sex with an underage girl.Avenatti said in an interview and on Twitter that the tape, made in the late 1990s, was not the same tape in the 2008 trial. He said he had turned it over to the Cook County State’s Attorney’s Office in Chicago, which has been looking into Kelly’s conduct but declined to answer questions about the tape on Thursday.The video, which is about 45 minutes long, includes two scenes, one in a living room and another in a bedroom, according to CNN, which said it had seen the tape. A man whom CNN said “appears to be R. Kelly is seen performing multiple sex acts with the girl.” In the tape, Kelly and the girl refer to her body parts being 14 years old. He urinates on her.Law enforcement officials in Illinois and Georgia, where Kelly has had homes, began looking into his behavior after the documentary “Surviving R. Kelly” aired on Lifetime last month. The program detailed accusations that Kelly had sex with minors and kept young women in what has been described as a sex cult, preventing them from communicating with their families and exerting control over their lives, including whom they could look in the eye and when they could use the bathroom.Two weeks after the documentary aired, Kelly was dropped by his label, RCA Records, following intense pressure from activists in the #MuteRKelly campaign.In a strongly worded statement on Thursday, Kelly’s lawyer, Steve Greenberg, questioned the credibility of Avenatti and CNN’s description of the video and said Kelly “denies that he has engaged in any illegal conduct, of any kind whatsoever.” He also portrayed the women who have spoken out against Kelly as being out for money: “Accuse R. Kelly and boom, make a buck.”Building a criminal case against Kelly could be challenging, for similar reasons that bedeviled prosecutors in 2008. That case involved a 27-minute sex tape that bore some disquieting similarities to the tape described by Avenatti and CNN on Thursday. The previous video showed what prosecutors described as Kelly having sex with and urinating on an underage girl.That girl never testified, and Kelly’s lawyers argued that her identity could not be proven.Avenatti declined to say how he had obtained the new video. On Twitter he said he was representing “multiple clients,” but in the interview he did not say whether he was representing the girl in the video, nor whether she was cooperating, a fact that could be as pivotal as it was in 2008.He said that the charges based on the new tape could be brought in Illinois despite the fact that it was made two decades ago. At the time, the statute of limitations for child sex crimes allowed charges to be brought until a victim turned 38; the time limit was erased in 2017.Avenatti rose to prominence representing Stormy Daniels, who said she had an affair with President Trump. Avenatti also represented a woman named Julie Swetnick, who accused Justice Brett M. Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct ahead of his confirmation hearings for the Supreme Court. But questions about Swetnick’s account, which was viewed as less credible than that of another accuser, Christine Blasey Ford, helped rally holdout Republicans around the idea that Kavanaugh was the victim of character attacks.Avenatti toyed publicly with running for president in 2020, before announcing that he had decided against it.Jeff Bezos and his wife, MacKenzie, may be the first billionaire couple with a huge stake in an enormous technology company to announce their divorce.They won’t be the last.The surprise announcement last week that the Bezoses would divorce after 25 years of marriage instantly raised questions about the future of their 16 percent, roughly $140 billion stake in Amazon. As its founder, chairman, chief executive and largest shareholder, Mr. Bezos exerts almost complete control over the company he created.The big question is, now what? Will Ms. Bezos sell her portion of the family’s vast Amazon holdings? Will she seek a seat on the company’s board? Will she push for big strategic or management changes?The Bezos divorce could have consequences for investors in other companies with billionaire founders — Google, Facebook, Groupon and Snap, to name a few. Unlike Mr. Bezos, who owns Amazon shares with ordinary voting rights, these tech entrepreneurs wield control of their companies by holding special classes of shares that confer extra power to their owners.To put it more explicitly: What would happen if Mark Zuckerberg and his wife filed for divorce?That’s not to suggest there’s anything amiss in the relationship between Mr. Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan, or with the marriages of controlling shareholders at any other giant tech company.[Who is MacKenzie Bezos? Her private life has become a public fascination.]But more such breakups are inevitable — after all, the divorce rate in California is about 60 percent, and many of the founders of high-flying Silicon Valley companies are only now reaching the age for the proverbial midlife crisis.The phenomenon of tech companies with controlling founders is still relatively recent. Google set a trend when it went public in 2004 with dual-class shares that enshrined Sergey Brin and Larry Page as the controlling owners. In the ensuing 15 years, about two-thirds of initial public stock offerings backed by venture capital funds have involved similar super-shares, according to Dealogic.The fate of such controlling shares in cases of divorce is, or should be, of intense interest to investors.David F. Larcker, director of the Corporate Governance Research Initiative at Stanford’s business school and a co-author of “Separation Anxiety: The Impact of CEO Divorce on Shareholders,” said his research showed that “shareholders should pay attention to matters involving the personal lives of C.E.O.s and take this information into account when making investment decisions.”The law doesn’t explicitly require controlling shareholders to disclose prenuptial or other agreements that could affect the disposal of their company stakes in the event of divorce. But some experts said they would support such a requirement.“It’s absolutely material, and as a result it should be disclosed,” said John C. Coffee Jr., director of the Center for Corporate Governance at Columbia University. In theory, he said, any provision that would reassure investors would lead to a higher share price. “There’s no question it’s in the best interests of shareholders,” he said.Charles M. Elson, a professor and director of the corporate governance center at the University of Delaware, also supports the disclosure of prenuptial agreements. “No one thought a Bezos divorce was a risk factor” for Amazon, Mr. Elson said. “Now no one knows how this will turn out. From a shareholder perspective, it’s certainly material.”Mr. Larcker said requiring public disclosure might be going a little too far, considering the privacy issues involved. But he agreed that, at the least, a board needed to be kept fully informed.“Once a divorce settlement is underway,” he said, “the board needs to think about whether the ex-spouse will demand a board seat, whether they are planning to liquidate their shares or perhaps sell as a block to an investor, maybe an activist. All of these actions can have a real impact on shareholder value.”So far, investors have hardly reacted to the Bezos breakup — Amazon’s shares are up slightly since the announcement. That might be partly because the couple went out of their way to characterize the split as amicable, saying they plan to “continue our shared lives as friends.”When many billions of dollars are at stake, amicable divorces are rare, even when they start out that way. “Most divorces start out contentious and end contentious,” said Samantha Bley DeJean, a matrimonial lawyer in San Francisco, who has worked with many Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and represents Angelina Jolie in her custody battle with Brad Pitt. “When they start out amicably, you hold out some hope that they’ll stay that way, but in my experience it only gets worse.”In 2017 Mark Pincus, the billionaire founder of the internet game company Zynga, and Alison Gelb Pincus filed for divorce. The two had a prenuptial agreement, which hasn’t been made public, but presumably addressed the issue of Mr. Pincus’s 70 percent voting stake in Zynga. In an interview with The New York Times last year, Mr. Pincus said the split was amicable.After the couple filed for divorce, Mr. Pincus converted his super-voting shares into ordinary shares, reducing his voting control of Zynga to about 10 percent. He told The Times that the conversion had nothing to do with the divorce.Ms. Pincus is an entrepreneur in her own right: she helped found the online retailer One Kings Lane, which was sold in 2016 to Bed Bath & Beyond for nearly $30 million. The Pincuses quietly finalized their divorce last year on terms that haven’t been made public. Zynga hasn’t disclosed any changes in Mr. Pincus’s shareholdings since then.A spokeswoman for Zynga, where Mr. Pincus remains executive chairman, declined to comment. Ms. DeJean, who represented Ms. Pincus, said she couldn’t discuss the case. But in general, she said, the fact that both spouses are extremely wealthy typically doesn’t change the dynamics of a divorce.“It becomes a matter of principle,” she said, “and principles can be dangerous in these situations, especially when there’s enough money to litigate them.”In their 2010 divorce, Steve and Elaine Wynn, the founders of the casino company Wynn Resorts, each received half of the couple’s 36 percent controlling stake in the company, valued then at $1.4 billion. To maintain Mr. Wynn’s control, Ms. Wynn agreed to vote her shares along with her ex-husband.At the time, the arrangement seemed amicable: Ms. Wynn warmly described Mr. Wynn as her “partner of 41 years and father of her children,” and Mr. Wynn said he was delighted that his ex-wife would remain on the company’s board.That didn’t last long. After two acrimonious years, Ms. Wynn was forced off the board and sued to regain voting control of her shares.The animosity only deepened after The Wall Street Journal reported last year that Mr. Wynn had repeatedly sexually harassed Wynn employees and had paid a manicurist $7.5 million after she told others that Mr. Wynn had forced her to have sex.That led Mr. Wynn to step down as chief executive. He sold his shares, leaving his former wife as the company’s largest shareholder. Since peaking in 2014, Wynn shares have fallen by more than half.Mr. Larcker’s research found that among 24 chief executives who got divorced between 2009 and 2012, seven (29 percent) stepped down within two years of the divorce settlement.Ms. DeJean said she had recently drafted numerous prenuptial agreements for young entrepreneurs. Negotiating them is delicate: It’s not especially romantic to be discussing the disposal of assets in a divorce proceeding in the middle of a courtship or engagement.The idea of making those prenuptial terms public could be anathema to such clients.Still, Ms. DeJean said, “I can see why investors would want to know.”Under the rule of the Nigerian dictator Sani Abacha more than 20 years ago, a handful of high-ranking government officials looted billions of dollars from the country’s coffers.Now the Nigerian government is demanding some of its money back — from JPMorgan Chase.In a British court, lawyers for the country are suing a subsidiary of the largest United States bank, charging that it enabled corrupt former officials to extract nearly $900 million between 2011 and 2013 from a government bank account in London.JPMorgan says it was following instructions it received from senior Nigerian government officials. The country’s attorney general himself wrote a letter attesting to the legitimacy of the instructions. But the bank has been unable to persuade a British judge to throw out the case, in part because of the unusual circumstances surrounding the money transfers — including the fact that two banks to which JPMorgan wired the money rejected the transfers because of concerns that they might violate money-laundering laws.At the heart of the case is whether JPMorgan did enough to safeguard Nigeria’s money. Under British law, banks are required to act in their customers’ best interests, even if someone connected to a customer tries to get them to do otherwise. Even as it tried to send money to various recipients, JPMorgan reported to regulators its concerns that it might be transferring funds to a convicted money launderer. It made the transfers anyway.It is the latest example of a major American bank getting caught up in a foreign corruption scandal. In Malaysia, Goldman Sachs and some former executives have been accused of participating in a multibillion-dollar fraud involving a government investment fund. Unlike those executives, however, no JPMorgan employees have been accused of wrongdoing.In the London lawsuit, the Nigerian government is seeking damages from JPMorgan of nearly $900 million.The bank’s decision to do business with Nigeria — a country that is ranked 144th out of 180 countries on Transparency International’s corruption list — involved a calculation of risk.“A head of state known or alleged to be corrupt is the riskiest type of client, both because of potential civil and criminal liability and because of reputational damage should details of the relationship come out, as they often do when there is a change in power in the relevant country,” said Joshua Kirschenbaum, a former director at the Treasury Department’s anti-money-laundering agency, FinCEN.A JPMorgan spokesman said it would fight Nigeria’s legal claim, which “is completely without merit.”The bank has argued in court filings that its agreement with the Nigerian government specified, at the time it was signed, that JPMorgan would follow whatever instructions it received, even if it had reason to believe that the instructions were “not in the best interests” of the account holder.It also claims that Nigeria has failed to identify specific things it could have done differently, since it reported each suspicious set of instructions to its British regulator.Aside from the London lawsuit, JPMorgan has not been accused of wrongdoing in connection with the Nigerian affair.Court papers from the London lawsuit and a related criminal trial underway in Italy provide a detailed record of the alleged scheme. (JPMorgan is not a subject of the criminal trial.)It began in 1998 when Mr. Abacha, the president at the time, awarded a license to drill oil near the Niger River Delta to Dan Etete, Nigeria’s oil minister. Mr. Etete paid just $2 million for the license, which was expected to generate billions of dollars in revenue.Mr. Abacha’s successors accused Mr. Etete of corruption and tried to revoke the license. They were unsuccessful. Mr. Etete has denied wrongdoing.In 2007, though, Mr. Etete was convicted of money laundering in an unrelated case in France, and two oil companies, Royal Dutch Shell and Eni, offered to buy the drilling license. In 2011, they struck a deal to pay the Nigerian government, then led by Goodluck Jonathan, more than $1 billion for the license.But under the agreement, according to Italian and Dutch prosecutors, most of the money was slated to go to Mr. Etete and Mr. Jonathan’s friends, and not the Nigerian government.Nigerian officials opened an account at JPMorgan in London, and an Eni subsidiary deposited about $1.1 billion on May 25, 2011. Within days, the Nigerian officials instructed the bank to transfer the money to an account at a Swiss bank, Banca Svizzera Italiana.When JPMorgan sent the funds, B.S.I. officials sent them right back, telling JPMorgan that they were “not comfortable” with the transfer, citing “compliance reasons.” Emails among B.S.I. employees, published in Italian court filings, show that the Swiss bank suspected that the funds were bound for Mr. Etete.After B.S.I. rejected the transfer, JPMorgan told British regulators that it, too, harbored concerns about whether the money was headed to Mr. Etete. It was the first of six suspicious activity reports that JPMorgan sent to British regulators in relation to the Nigerian account that summer. While JPMorgan was suspicious, it did not close or freeze Nigeria’s account.(Swiss authorities in 2016 forced B.S.I. to sell itself or shut down after finding that the bank had helped Malaysian officials illegally siphon money out of the government investment fund 1MDB.)In July 2011, Nigerian officials requested that JPMorgan transfer the entire $1.1 billion to a Lebanese bank.By then, a large portion of the funds had been frozen in court.JPMorgan submitted a letter to a British judge from Nigeria’s attorney general attesting to the legitimacy of the planned Lebanese transfer. The judge released $800 million, but told JPMorgan lawyers he was concerned that “the court was about to become if not a participant in at least an aide to a money-laundering exercise,” according to a court filing.JPMorgan transferred the $800 million to Lebanon’s Banque Misr Liban. But the Lebanese bank sent the money back, saying it could not accept it without more information about the purpose of the transfer, according to a judge’s ruling in Italy and a London court filing made on behalf of Nigeria’s government.Raymond Baker, the president of the Washington-based nonprofit advisory group Global Financial Integrity, who has followed the case of Mr. Etete’s oil license, said JPMorgan at that point should have sought a detailed explanation from Nigeria about the purpose of the wire transfers.“There is a culture of ‘take the money, handle the money,’ regardless of other issues that might come up,” Mr. Baker said.After the Lebanese bank rejected the money transfer, the Nigerian government asked JPMorgan to send $400 million each to accounts at two Nigerian banks held by Mr. Etete. JPMorgan again flagged the transactions as suspicious to British regulators. The regulator, Britain’s Serious Organised Crime Agency (now called the National Crime Agency), consented to the transfers, although it cautioned that the consent did not mean JPMorgan would be legally off the hook if problems with the transfers later arose, according to London court filings that cite the suspicious-activity reports.The money transfers went through.Two years passed, during which the Financial Times and The Economist published reports on the alleged scheme to pocket the oil money. In fall 2012, an investigator for the anti-corruption group Global Witness wrote a letter to JPMorgan’s chief executive, Jamie Dimon, asking questions about the money transfers.In 2013, acting on another set of instructions from Nigerian government officials, JPMorgan sent the remaining $74 million in the account to one of Mr. Etete’s corporate accounts in Nigeria, according to the London court filing. The JPMorgan account had been set up as a “single purpose” account, established only to handle the money from the drilling-license agreement. Now that it was empty, it ceased to exist.A Lithuanian man and his associates found a bold way to steal from Facebook and Google, according to his guilty plea last week: They asked for money via email.More specifically, they sent fraudulent invoices to the California-based tech giants. The invoices were apparently good enough to persuade Google, which is owned by Alphabet, and Facebook to wire a total of more than $100 million for them from 2013 to 2015, according to the Justice Department.The man, Evaldas Rimasauskas, 50, was involved in running a company that controlled several accounts at banks in Latvia and Cyprus, according to a 2016 indictment filed in the United States attorney’s office for the Southern District of New York.He and unnamed associates were essentially posing as Quanta Computer, a hardware company based in Taiwan that has done business with Facebook and Google, Reuters reported.“As Evaldas Rimasauskas admitted today, he devised a blatant scheme to fleece U.S. companies out of $100 million, and then siphoned those funds to bank accounts around the globe,” Geoffrey S. Berman, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, said in a statement on Wednesday.Some of the money transfers involved banks in New York City, the indictment stated.“Rimasauskas thought he could hide behind a computer screen halfway across the world while he conducted his fraudulent scheme, but as he has learned, the arms of American justice are long, and he now faces significant time in a U.S. prison,” Mr. Berman added.Mr. Rimasauskas was extradited from Lithuania to the United States in 2017. He has agreed to forfeit around $50 million, court documents show. After his guilty plea last week, he could face up to 30 years in prison. He is scheduled to be sentenced in July.In a court appearance, Mr. Rimasauskas said that he had knowingly participated in fraud and that his role was to set up the bank accounts to facilitate the scheme, Bloomberg reported. “I was asked to open bank accounts,” he reportedly said. “After that I did not do anything with these accounts.”After money was wired from the tech companies to the bank accounts in Cyprus and Latvia, the Justice Department said in its statement, Mr. Rimasauskas “caused the stolen funds to be quickly wired into different bank accounts in various locations throughout the world, including Latvia, Cyprus, Slovakia, Lithuania, Hungary, and Hong Kong.” The statement added that he also helped to supply banks with forged documents to explain the large transfers of money.Mr. Rimasauskas was originally charged with five criminal counts that included identity theft and money laundering. But after last week’s guilty plea for wire fraud, the remaining four charges should be dismissed at sentencing, said his lawyer, Paul D. Petrus Jr.“Mr. Rimasauskas was far from a major actor in this matter,” Mr. Petrus said, adding that he did not know of any other people who have been charged in connection with the scheme.In emailed statements on Sunday, Facebook said the company had “recovered the bulk of the funds shortly after the incident and has been cooperating with law enforcement in its investigation,” and Google said it had “detected this fraud and promptly alerted the authorities. We recouped the funds and we’re pleased this matter is resolved.”According to the F.B.I., crimes that involve deceiving companies via email have grown more common — and much more sophisticated — in recent years, resulting in billions of dollars in losses.LOS ANGELES — The Latest on new federal charges against attorney Michael Avenatti (all times local):4:20 p.m.A lawyer for a paralyzed man says his client is destitute after attorney Michael Avenatti embezzled most of his $4 million court settlement.Attorney Joshua Robbins said Thursday that Geoffrey Johnson was only paid a fraction of the money Avenatti collected in 2015 from a lawsuit against the Los Angeles County jail.A 36-count federal indictment charging Avenatti with wire, tax and bank fraud says he stole millions of dollars from Johnson and four other clients.Avenatti has denied stealing from clients and tweeted a statement signed by Johnson praising him as an "honest and ethical attorney."Prosecutors says Avenatti told Johnson to sign the statement so he could collect his settlement money.Robbins says he's never seen a defendant tweet incriminating evidence on the day they were indicted.___2:50 p.m.Attorney Michael Avenatti has refused to testify in a court case involving money he owes a former legal partner.Avenatti appeared briefly in Los Angeles Superior Court as federal prosecutors outlined fraud and other charges against him in a 36-count indictment.Avenatti had been scheduled to face questioning about some of nearly $15 million he owes attorney Jason Frank for legal work.Attorney Ron Hodges says Avenatti, his client, asserted his 5th Amendment right against self-incrimination and didn't testify.Andrew Stolper, who represents Frank, says Avenatti would have faced questions about money he's charged with stealing from clients.Avenatti tweeted that he will plead not guilty and fight the charges.Stolper says Avenatti told Frank outside court that he won't get paid now that federal authorities seized his private jet.___10:10 a.m.Attorney Michael Avenatti could face a sentence of 335 years in prison if convicted of charges in a 36-count federal indictment.But even if he is convicted of all counts, it would be unlikely for Avenatti to receive such a lengthy prison termThe indictment announced Thursday in Los Angeles alleges Avenattti stole millions of dollars from clients, didn't pay taxes, committed bank fraud and lied during bankruptcy proceedings.U.S. Attorney Nick Hanna says the four areas of alleged criminal conduct are all linked to each other because money generated from one set of alleged crimes appears in other sets of alleged crimes.Officials say a private jet co-owned by Avenatti was seized Wednesday as part of the ongoing investigation.Avenatti has tweeted denials of all the allegations and says he will plead not guilty.___7:45 a.m.The indictment filed against attorney Michael Avenatti alleges he stole millions of dollars from clients, did not pay his taxes, committed bank fraud and lied in bankruptcy proceedings.Avenatti was indicted late Wednesday on the charges following his arrest in New York last month for allegedly trying to shake down Nike for up to $25 million.The attorney best known for representing porn actress Stormy Daniels in lawsuits against President Donald Trump said Thursday he will plead not guilty.The new charges say he embezzled from a paraplegic man and four other clients and shuffled money between several accounts to deceive them.The charges also say Avenatti pocketed payroll taxes from employees of the Tully's coffee chain that he owned.___7:30 a.m.Attorney Michael Avenatti says he will plead not guilty to a 36-count federal indictment filed against him in Southern California.Avenatti tweeted Thursday that he intends to fight all of the charges and says he looks forward to the truth being known, as opposed to what he characterizes as a "one-sided version."A statement from prosecutors to news outlets says details of the case will be released Thursday morning by U.S. Attorney Nick Hanna and the Internal Revenue Service in Los Angeles.The new charges follow Avenatti's arrest in New York last month for allegedly trying to shake down Nike for up to $25 million and on two counts of wire and bank fraud from Southern California, where his firm is based.___7:05 a.m.Federal prosecutors say attorney Michael Avenatti has been charged in a 36-count federal indictment in Southern California.A statement from prosecutors to news outlets says details of the case will be released Thursday morning by U.S. Attorney Nick Hanna and the Internal Revenue Service.The new charges follow Avenatti's arrest in New York last month for allegedly trying to shake down Nike for up to $25 million and on two counts of wire and bank fraud from Southern California, where his firm is based.The attorney is best known for representing porn actress Stormy Daniels in lawsuits against President Donald Trump. Avenatti has said he expects to be cleared.WASHINGTON — The Trump administration took an important step on Friday in its push to restrict access to abortion and contraception, announcing that it would give as much as $5.1 million in family planning funds to a nonprofit organization funded by allies of the Catholic Church.The grant from the Department of Health and Human Services went to the Obria Group, a Southern California-based nonprofit that describes itself as being “led by God” and that aims to siphon patients — and money — away from Planned Parenthood.The grant to Obria, which includes $1.7 million in the first year and the prospect of that amount in each of the next two years, represents a fraction of the total amount of family planning money awarded by the department on Friday. But both supporters and opponents of abortion rights cast it as a potentially significant move to try to defund medical clinics that provide abortions, such as those affiliated with Planned Parenthood.The funding comes from Title X, which subsidizes birth control, cancer screenings and other medical care for four million low-income patients. While Title X funds do not pay for abortion services as a method of family planning, affiliates of Planned Parenthood, which receive a significant portion of the program’s funds, perform abortions using other funds.Under President Trump, however, the Department of Health and Human Services has introduced changes to the program to make it more difficult for clinics that offer abortions to qualify for the funds and, conversely, to make it easier to provide money to faith-based organizations like Obria that oppose abortion rights and certain forms of contraception.Supporters of abortion rights and contraception have been scrambling to block the changes. Planned Parenthood and  states governed by Democrats filed lawsuits this month challenging them, and advocacy groups called for investigations into claims of favoritism toward faith-based organizations and warned that the shift could deprive thousands of at-risk women of critical health care.The Title X changes and the grant to Obria suggest that the Trump administration is “more interested in courting religious ideologues than in providing real health care to low-income Americans,” said Alice Huling, counsel for a liberal watchdog group called the Campaign for Accountability, which this month sued the administration seeking Obria’s communications with the Department of Health and Human Services.Tim Head, the president of the conservative advocacy group Faith & Freedom Coalition, said the grant was a victory for opponents of abortion rights.“For decades, multiple Congresses and presidential administrations, the pro-life movement has fought to at least slow federal tax subsidies for abortion providers but has failed to do so — until now,” Mr. Head said.The changes to the Title X program and the grant to Obria are part of a broader strategy by the administration and some Republican state officials to use government regulations — and funding — to limit access to abortion and some forms of contraception.The efforts have endeared Mr. Trump to social conservatives. He once supported abortion rights and described himself as “very pro-choice,” but as a candidate in 2016 he embraced an anti-abortion stance, winning wide support from religious conservatives, upon whom he will be banking again in his 2020 re-election bid.Under Mr. Trump, employers have been given expanded ability to claim religious or moral objections to the Affordable Care Act’s requirement that they offer employees insurance coverage for contraception. And the administration has tried to make it more difficult for groups that provide abortions — such as Planned Parenthood — to continue receiving federal family planning funds for other services.Instead, the Trump administration and some Republican-controlled state governments have worked to direct money to programs including teenage pregnancy prevention programs that emphasize sexual abstinence and so-called crisis pregnancy centers, which offer medical services including ultrasounds, prenatal care, and testing and treatment for sexually transmitted diseases, while steering women away from abortion and hormonal birth control.Overseeing this change are people who worked for groups that oppose abortion rights, who have been appointed to key health department positions with oversight of Title X grants. Some of those officials have appeared to advise Obria about federal programs, according to emails submitted in lawsuits challenging the Title X changes.The grants announced on Friday will dispense $256 million for the fiscal year that begins on Monday, with $1.7 million going to Obria. The group said in a statement that it would receive $5.1 million over the course of three years to expand services in four California counties.“With this grant, the administration has opened up a new avenue of health care choices for low income and underserved women and their families in California,” Kathleen Eaton Bravo, the founder and chief executive of Obria, said in the statement.The group, which is at the fore of the faith-based push for Title X funding, was created in the 1990s as Birth Choice Pregnancy Centers, a volunteer-run nonprofit group that until recent years ran just a few crisis pregnancy centers in Southern California.Obria gradually added doctors, nurses and medical services, and its locations got licensed as medical clinics, allowing them to collect payments from Medicaid and private insurance companies and to qualify for some government grants. The group started expanding beyond California by recruiting crisis pregnancy centers as partners in a fledgling nationwide network.The two nonprofit groups that make up Obria — Obria Medical Clinics and Obria Group — had relatively modest fund-raising until recently, bringing in more than $25 million over the last two decades, according to public tax filings. Those filings mostly do not identify the groups’ donors, which are not required to be publicly disclosed under the tax code.But a pair of tax filings identified by the Campaign for Accountability include donor information, perhaps accidentally. The filings show millions of dollars of support from groups associated with the Catholic Church, which opposes abortion and many forms of contraception.The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, which comprises the country’s Catholic leadership, donated $2.5 million, according to the filings and the conference. And the Roman Catholic Bishop of Orange, which is affiliated with the Catholic diocese in California’s Orange County, donated another $560,000. A spokeswoman said the money came from the sale of roses on Mother’s Day.Other donors include wealthy Southern California social conservatives, such as the real estate investor Charles J. Schreiber Jr., who for a time was the chairman of the board of Obria. He and his wife have contributed more than $1.1 million to the group.Among the members of its national advisory board is Marjorie Dannenfelser, the president of the Susan B. Anthony List, which lobbies against abortion rights.She has praised Mr. Trump as “the most pro-life president in our nation’s history.”NEW YORK — The New York Department of Financial Services said on Wednesday it has rejected the application of Bittrex, a U.S.-based digital asset exchange, for a virtual currency license that it needs to operate in the state.In a statement, the DFS said it denied Bittrex's application due to deficiencies in the exchange's capital, as well as anti-money laundering, requirements. It cited its "failure to demonstrate that it will conduct its business honestly, fairly, equitably, carefully, and efficiently."The New York regulator also ordered Bittrex to cease operating in the state of New York and wind down its business within 60 days.Bittrex, in an email to Reuters, said, it "fully disputes the findings" of the DFS. The company believes the DFS decision "harms rather than protects New York customers." "Corporate responsibility is in our DNA and our commitment to regulatory and compliance guidelines is second to none," Bittrex said. "More specifically, today's letter (from the DFS) contains several factual inaccuracies."The cryptocurrency exchange has been able to operate in New York under the terms of a "safe harbor," which is permitted by the DFS while its application for a virtual currency license is pending. Bittrex said it first applied for a Bitlicense with the department in August 2015.In a letter to Bittrex Chief Executive Officer Bill Shihara, who along with a group of security professionals founded Bittrex in 2013, DFS said it had issued several deficiency letters to Bittrex, including on anti-money laundering, due diligence, and capital requirements. It noted Bittrex's inadequate customer due diligence, with a large number of transactions missing required tax identification numbers or customer names.DFS examiners also found a substantial number of aliases such as "Give me my money", "Elvis Presley", "Donald Duck", as well as what the regulator described as "obscene terms and phrases" that are used in identifying accounts at Bittrex.Overall, it found Bittrex's compliance program deficient given that it has a customer base of about 1.67 million users across multiple countries, including 35,000 New York-based users, offers 212 cryptocurrencies and processed more than 100 million transactions annually in 2017 and 2018. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; editing by Jonathan Oatis and Susan Thomas)Last week, federal prosecutors charged 50 people, including Hollywood actresses, business leaders and elite college coaches, in a brazen scheme to buy spots in the freshman classes at elite American universities. Dozens of wealthy parents paid millions of dollars in bribes. Test scores were inflated, essays were falsified and photographs were doctored, all in an illicit effort to gain entry to Yale, the University of Southern California, Stanford, Georgetown and other big name schools.We knew that the middle and high school students who visit our site would have much to say, so we gave them a place to share their reactions in our Student Opinion question, “What Is Your Reaction to the College Admissions Cheating Scandal?”We received nearly 500 comments from students across the country — making it one of our most-commented writing prompts ever.Most said they were appalled, but not surprised. Others, many of whom are in the process for applying to colleges right now, shared how the news has changed their views of the supposed meritocracy of college admissions. And still others used sharp analysis to explain why, as one commenter put it, “if there’s anywhere this could have happened it would have been the United States.”While we usually highlight three of our most popular writing prompts in our Current Events Conversation, this week we are only rounding up comments for this one prompt so we can honor the many students who wrote in.Thank you to all the new classes who chimed in this week: Carlisle, Penn.; Caruthers High School, Calif.; Inman, S.C.; Landrum High School, S.C.; Los Angeles, Calif.; and Riverside, Calif.And, we’d like to give a special shout out to students from Holicong Middle School who responded to commenter after commenter with affirmation and questions that kept the conversation going in interesting directions.Please note: All student comments have been lightly edited for length, but otherwise appear as they were originally submitted.__________Shock, frustration and outrageI am absolutely shocked and angered to learn that this pure corruption can occur in the college admissions process. Those responsible for this ludicrous scandal do not understand the point of college at all. College or university is an opportunity earned through an impartial process.— Isabel Li, Temple City, CAWhile I am not surprised, I am appalled that this has been going on for years and that parents and people with money feel the entitlement they do. Thousands of students across the country, myself included, work tirelessly at several jobs, are heavily active in their communities, and maintain high and REAL grades and scores just to have a sliver of a chance to be accepted to our dream school, and to be able to afford it without an enormous amount of student debt.— Emily Sedlak, Carlisle, PennsylvaniaOne of the details that shocked me the most is that one of the parents claimed that their son had a learning disability. This is not only unethical, but this is very disrespectful to those who do have learning disabilities.I am kind of surprised that something like this happened in the United States because this is not what America is all about. The reason that America started is because we were being cheated out of our freedoms.— Abby G., Inman, SCHeart-wrenching human indecency — absolute disregard for the law or for the students of America— utter disrespect for themselves and their children — all accurate ways to describe the parents, administrators, and coaches that were active participants in the college entry fraud scandal … These parents stole opportunities from students who were deserving of better, and frankly, I am appalled to say that I’m not surprised in the slightest.— Nicole Hudak, Lakewood, OHWhile I feel like I’ve always sort-of known the influence money can and does have on admissions decisions, seeing such a gross abuse of power laid out in such detail is frustrating.— Robbie Kane, The Galloway SchoolFamilies travel to the United States in hope for better opportunities for them and their children, students work hard long, hours to bring up their grades and prepare for tests, yet many of these students don’t get into the schools of their choice. It is horrible to think that these innocent people lost their chance to someone who didn’t get into the school fairly.— Anya Finlay, Masterman, Philadelphia, PAI have a very strong opinion on this one that can be boiled down to three simple words.It’s not fair.A simple opinion? Yes. Childish? Maybe a little. Incorrect? Not in the slightest.Students work hard to get into college. They constantly push to achieve their dreams. They sacrifice time, sleep, and even their passions just to get where they want to go.Sometimes they don’t get in. It’s sad, but it happens, and it often means that the person who did get in worked harder, and that the person who didn’t get in might need to work harder. That’s fair.What isn’t fair is a hardworking student not getting into the school of their dreams because they weren’t born with deep pockets.That’s unfair.— Thomas D., J.T. Hoggard High SchoolNot only am I mad, but I am also sympathetic. Going through life without obstacles is gonna come back to bite … hard.What really got to me was the fact that hard working students who deserved spots at these amazing schools got laid off by a bunch of rich, privileged kids whose mommy and daddy obviously buy their way through life.Meanwhile these students spend hours on homework, months on their applications, and the only support they get from mom and dad is probably a “you’re doing great sweetie” because you know what? They are doing great! They are prepared for obstacles and hardships, unlike the girl whose parents paid 200,000 dollars for a spot on a rowing team, or the boy whose parents paid 50,000 to make sure he passed his tests.— Gracie Sistrunk, Hoggard High School, Wilmington, NCScamming college admissions? No surprise there.When learning about the scandal, I am not surprised that something like this happened in the United States because there are many people in the country that are willing to do whatever to help their kids be successful. Going to college can mean success in today’s world.— Camden S., SCBreaking news about people with money and power using their money and power for their own gain is not breaking news because it is nothing new.— Reuben C, Burlington, VermontI don’t see why this is very shocking to most people—I feel like it is pretty well known that students often lie in a variety of situations. Whether it is to get a job by putting something down on your resume that you never did or lying about income to get free lunch and lowered AP test prices; students (at least from what I see) are always lying to help benefit themselves. This fact doesn’t necessarily bother me just because it is so prominent in my school and I assume in other schools as well.— Sarah, Buena Park, CAI am more surprised at how long this took before being discovered because of the amount of people involved in the scandal. I am also surprised at the fact that other students are astonished at this. Yes, this was a major scandal and one of the largest college admissions scandals but history has shown us time and time again that many people, no matter what era, will be willing to cut corners or find the easy way out (or in this case, in) of a situation whether it be legally or illegally.— Mia Beam, King Highschool Riverside CAI’m a little surprised that something like this would happen in America but not much. With the number of wealthy people who are always trying to find a way to cheat the system whether it be taxes, loans, or even schools it was bound to happen someday.— Evan Thompson, Mabry Middle, Inman, South CarolinaMy reaction to the whole situation is kind of like “oh well”. Stuff like this happens all the times where people use their resources to ensure a better future for their family, it’s been happening for centuries. Anytime you have a capitalist functions society then you will have people taking advantage of the system by using their assets.— Frank Lyons, HoggardHow fair is the college admissions process really?As someone who is preparing to apply to college soon, this is extremely disheartening to say the least. It can make me feel worse about my chances of getting into a college I would like to. It is discouraging knowing there have been many people in our country to cheat the system of applying to college and making it in when they do not deserve it but they can get it based off of family wealth …I am the type of person where every grade I receive makes me think of how it will affect my chances at getting into a good college. Seeing this scandal that went on makes me question if my hard work going into impressing colleges will even matter.— Brennan McCauley, Hoggard High SchoolAs a high school student beginning the college admissions process, these dishonorable acts dishearten my confidence and leave me regarding every sleepless night and study session as meaningless, able to be signed away by a simple paycheck. This also speaks to the nationwide emphasis on the country’s top schools as a means of future success and affluence. Teenagers are constantly pressured by both their families and society to go to big-name colleges, a task so competitive that many resort to cheating and bribing. Not only does the admissions process itself require reconsideration, but the entire attitude towards “name-brand” schools must be observed for its toxicity.— Izzy, VermontPersonally, I am very upset by the fact that college admissions are susceptible to bribery. I believe that I work harder than most kids, and I push myself for the purpose of maintaining good grades so I can get into decent colleges. I also try to participate in many sports, clubs, etc. to add to my college resume. It make me very upset that some colleges gave an advantage to kids who do not work as hard as I do and might not get grades as good as mine simply because their parents can cough up a large sum of money.— JB, BahrenburgWhen something is put on a pedestal, there is bound to be people cutting corners to reach it.I am in a SAT prep course and it has been mostly funded by my grandmother. I am very grateful for my privilege and I will work to have it well finished.— Chris Llanos, VTWhen I first heard about the scandal, I was shock and in disbelief, but then I thought about it and I wasn’t surprise. It is no lie the college system is corrupt. While college is suppose to be a place of continuing learning and growth, it became a business industry where money talks.Knowing this information is concerning to me as a high school junior because my peers and I are going to be applying to colleges soon, and I know that most of us do not have enough money to “buy our way” into college. It is also disheartening because I know that many of us actually try our hardest to get good grades, do well in our respected extracurricular like sports, juggle many AP classes, and so much more, but there are kids that are able to have mommy or daddy pay someone to fake their resume and SAT scores which is wrong …There is nothing wrong with a parent paying their child’s college tuition when they get in rightfully, but cheating to get your child into college with bribery is wrong and shows how corrupt the college system is, making it hard to know what colleges are built for;educating or becoming a money-making empire.— Lola Adebayo, Providence, RIWhen I look at this, I feel really bad. Students like me work really hard for our future, while some kids who don’t try at all are given the opportunity to go to the top colleges without putting in an ounce of sweat. I stress every day thinking about getting into college and knowing that it could be taken away because of people like this is terrifying.— Dalton M., Inman, SCIf parents with students who have access to nothing but the very best coaches, tutors, private schools, etc. need to blow millions of dollars on rigging tests, doctoring photos, and so on, just so that is enough to get them into Ivy League universities; what does that mean for students who have nothing to rely on but their “God-given gifts.”Articles like these begin to worry me; as a high school sophomore already starting to think about the college admissions process, it is very unnerving when your parents aren’t exactly millionaires and you have Ivy League dreams that seem to become more unachievable and more unfair by the day with more and more examples like these of how cutthroat the education system is.— Leila Belfadil, Hoggard High School, Wilmington NCI know I’m going to have to work SUPER hard to have a chance to get into any of these colleges, and it’s truly heart-wrenching to see all these “athletes” and legacies get into these amazing places, purely based on the connections they have. I wish this weren’t the case, but whatever will happen, will happen, and all I can do is try my best and put my right foot forward. If these places are too blinded by money to see the hard work of thousands of kids around the country, who are practically dying to get into their school, that they deny them acceptance, it’s their loss, not mine.— Anna Praticò, J. R. Masterman, PhiladelphiaAlthough this scandal is ridiculous , it does not make me steer away from college. I will not let the desperate actions of others determine my future success as a student.— Samantha Drake, King High School, CAWhat kind of message do these actions send children?Both the legal and illegal bribery is unethical, and sends a terrible message. It says to kids that they are not good enough on their own, right before sending them out to be alone and separate from their families for the first time in their lives. They are entering a place where they are supposed to be learning and shaping their own opinions and thoughts, and they’re put their by the same restrictions and privileges they have had their entire lives.— Audrey, Hoggard High SchoolThe biggest message in this scandal is that no matter how hard you work, there’s probably someone less qualified that will get in due to their parent’s money or influence.— Isabelle, RiversideOne of the biggest lessons I’ve learned in my life is that hard work can take you a long way. Apparently, people with money don’t need to teach their children that lesson.— z, caruthersThis scandal sends a bad image to the youth saying that money can get you anything in life. Students should learn that hard work is what pays off in the end and gets you places. I feel bad for the people that work the hardest but are less fortunate when it comes to money. They won’t get the college opportunity they deserve, while the wealthy and lazy people get whatever they want, with no work put in.— Sophia Southerland, Hoggard High School, Wilmington NCI think the scandal sends the message to high school students that their will always be someone out there to try and do something the wrong or easy way. The biggest take away is that you need to do things that right or they may be severe consequences.— J.Simmons, SDSACollege admission are cutthroat for a reason. Only the best and brightest should be admitted into the elite of schools; however, it seems that in many cases, wealth, power, and status are prioritized. This unfair and unfortunate precedent is sending a message to the students of America. A message about the competitive and money driven world we live in. A world in which hard word doesn’t always pay off, and there is no guarantee of success, especially when up against wealth. Is this the message we want to be sending to the students of our future?— Ava Clause, Lakewood, OhioOne of the messages it sends is that money isn’t everything. You can try and buy your way through life but it won’t last very long.— Abigail Billings, Hoggard High School, Wilmington, NCThe myth of American meritocracyIt hurts to think that a student who prepared him or herself, who studied for countless hours every night, and to who college ultimately mattered more was not granted the right to an equal opportunity to achieve his or her dream.The whole American notion that if one works hard enough, he or she will accomplish all that he or she desires is false … This scandal proves that the rich and wealthy are privileged and will continue to be because they pave the same path for their kids, even if that means robbing the chance for another kid to pave his or her own path.The scandal hurt me, but it did not shock me. It proved what many of us were in denial of: Working hard just isn’t enough sometimes. But this scandal can enlighten and influence people to be proactive and sympathetic so that the rich staying rich doesn’t mean the poor has to stay poor. Students are told to study, and if they cheat, they will be punished. It’s not a difficult concept to grasp. Every person who participated in this cheating should be punished.— Yessenia, Rhode IslandIn America there is a huge separation between the small amount of very rich and the large amount of very poor. This allows people who can pay their way into spots that they do not deserve to stay on top of society while people who worked hard for these spots get pushed out.— Amalia T., Masterman, PhiladelphiaSome in our society have become increasingly consumed with wealth, upward mobility at any cost and worse of all the aim to achieve those with complete disregard for hard work or honesty. As a result we see financial scandals at all levels. What’s so sad is that some (who are financially capable) are willing to encourage and teach their kids the acts of dishonesty and avoidance of hard work.This scandal is punch to the gut for high school graduates and their families who struggle to borrow funds for their kids to get into mediocre schools. Cheating denies all of us the opportunity to teach and train a future doctor, teacher or scientist who did not get into or can afford college tuition etc. Those found guilty of participating in this exposed crime need to fund a scholarship at the school their kids applied to for displaced students in the amount the paid in the scheme or pay to the full extent of the law.— Archie, Long Island, NYWe live in a society where your family and wealth determine how you will be treated in society, this just shows you can do whatever you want- if the price is right- if you have money.— Ava Walger, Hoggard High School, NCIts very similar to our current political system today … I’m not surprised this happened in the United States, after all, it is home to some of the best universities and some of the richest people, put 2 and 2 together and you have bribery scandals.— Brett H., Riverside, CAIf there’s anywhere this could have happened it would have been the United States: here the admissions process is so rigorous and so much importance is placed on going to a good college that it’s completely understandable to want to give your child more security when it comes to admissions.Overall, it’s not just the admissions process but the entire system that is rigged to favor the wealthy: more money means access to better education, private tutoring, and the resources to put a child through an expensive college. While financial aid and affirmative actions can alleviate this issue, it’s clearly skewed to favor those with more money rather than more innate talent or achievement. As for me, the main message that I can takeaway from this is that the admissions system for high-level colleges is even more unfair than I thought.— Owen Bardeen, CAThe cheating scandal is horrific at best, but no one should be suprised. The United States has created a society where everyone is constantly in competition with one another to become the best. The elite stay elite, while those who struggle can only make it if hard work is put in. The college admissions process is not fair because nothing is fair in the real world. Someone always has an advantage in some way …We have created a mentality that we must be the best at all costs. Grades are valued over integrity, and alternative facts prevail over truth. Constant comparisons make us become desperate to be perfect.— Mia M., Martin Luther King HighThis news of bribery in high level colleges seems like a scandal that nobody had seen coming, as it is portrayed as such, but really this was all bound to happen. Upper class citizens have had a leg up in our society since the beginning of time. There has always been a divide, ever since humans organized ourselves by the amount of money in our bank accounts and no way to bridge the divided between poor and wealthy. The more money that you have, the luckier you are.— Dana Mormando, Hoggard High School, Wilmington NCThis country revolves around money and wealth, and people will do anything with it, and to get it. And that’s where the problems starts. If we actually don’t try to do something to change this, this world is just going to come up with different ways of doing things that are wrong, because of money. I just feel bad for the students that are actually trying their best. Some people don’t even have the opportunity for education, and our country is taking advantage of that … So if we want to change something, it must start with us first.— Naiima Jabati, Julia R. Masterman, PhiladelphiaThe college admissions scandal is peak white privilege. These white parents have all the money and opportunities in the world and still choose to cheat their children into college.— Payton Rossen, Lakewood, OhioI am not at all surprised by this scandal. And I didn’t find anything that was shocking in this article and not at all shocked that something like this happened in the United States because they chose Donald J Trump as president and can buy guns is some states without any papers.— YF, Tbilisi,GeorgiaThese parents aren’t helping their children in the long run.The parents who lied and bribed are not actually helping their children, or else their children would have known about it in the first place. They are just making their children into flower vases. Pretty and attractive on the outside, hollow on the inside. In order to truly make their children succeed in life, maybe they should actually help them learn.— Sarah Wong, Julia R Masterman, PhiladelphiaEven if their children wanted to get into these schools, after even the first few weeks, they will feel out of place, or even think themselves as “stupid” because they were falsely put into these schools. Because of this, there could even be negative mental side effects such as anxiety and panic attacks that would severally worsen their lives.— Daniel Morozov, Holicong Middle School, PAThe aspect of the scandal that struck me the most was the cases where the children did not know that their parents altered their SAT scores. It would be crushing to know that you did not actually deserve your place at your school.— Caroline, VermontIt’s bad when even your parents think you’re stupid … I’m a little surprised this happen because you would think that because the parents worked hard to acquire their wealth that they would want their kids to work hard too. But at the same time, I’m not that surprised because there are a lot of really spoiled kids in the U.S. These kids don’t work for anything, they get everything handed to them.— Diego B., FresnoIf I were that teen, I would wonder if my parents really were proud of me or if they thought I wasn’t good enough.— Lauren H., Inman, South CarolinaI think all parents want the best for their children. However, I do not think that paying for their children’s work is the best way to help them, since facilitating their work only makes them lazy and inexperienced in real life. In addition, they are depriving them of the satisfaction that gives them something to achieve and the opportunity to demonstrate their abilities. I think that striving to achieve a dream is a path full of life lessons that often improve us as people. Our society needs people with a dynamic, progressive attitude, who know how to survive and develop in society.— keyri 3A, YC CLIPThere’s a reason that colleges like Yale and Harvard only pick the best of the best; because that’s who their classes are designed for. In my opinion, this scheme doesn’t benefit the student, because going through a “side door” in the admission process doesn’t mean that they will be able to keep up with the rigors of a prestigious university. I’m just saying, if you’re paying $1.2 billion in bribes, what does that say about your child’s academic abilities? Why not put that money into good tutors instead?— Brian E., Masterman, Philadelphia, PAI feel sorry for everyone in this situation. The parents, because they feel as if this is the only way to create happiness for their children, the students because some had no idea, and especially those students who worked so hard and got pushed out by those with more money to spare.— Alex Lee, Hoggard High School, Wilmington, NCColleges already favor the wealthy.The elite are already given special treatment. I would’ve thought that their money alone would have proven to be a great asset in the college admissions process. I think that wealth in general serves as a great advantage in the college admissions process. I know, for example, that only those that are wealthy and can secure great payments can apply Early Decision to colleges. The majority of people can not afford to apply Early Decision, because this is binding and upon acceptance the student must forfeit his or her other applications.— Caroline Gracia, Providence RIIt has long been the case that students of wealthier families are much more likely to attend elite universities, and there are often special privileges afforded the children of wealthy donors to these top institutions, and so the concept of essentially bribing a kid’s way to college was something I saw as simply an extension, albeit a truly criminal one, of those pre-existing special conditions.This issue stems largely from not only the corruption of a few officials, but from the higher education system as a whole. Over the past few decades, the college admissions process has become one massive competition, pitting students, peers, from across the country against each other, and while competition is not inherently wrong, the issue that has sprung up is that the process controls a student’s entire life, making many of their decisions for them.Many students are forced to make decisions not based on what they most enjoy, but what would look best on a college application. That is what is inherently wrong. Adding corruption further endangers these students’ lives, and makes their decisions not matter at all. Something must be done in order to make our education system one that works for all americans, not just the wealthiest.— Aeddon, ProvidenceAs a student who takes rigorous courses and works very hard to get good grades and a transcript that stands out to college administrators, it is almost frustrating to hear that others get “accepted” into universities based on false facts. I believe students should be accepted into colleges based on their merit and their skill, not the amount of money they are willing to pay to fake their way in. Some students who were accepted by these means were shown to not even care about the education they will be provided, but only for the “college experience.” If this is what these students are looking for it would be just as easy to be accepted into a less prestigious school without cheating their way in.— Matilda Morris, Walla Walla WAHarvard and many other top universities have long been employing race-based affirmative action to create diverse student bodies. While this has been effective in gaining a more racially-representative student body, there is still a huge amount of socioeconomic inequality.Top universities need to end their policies of race-based affirmative action and turn them into socioeconomic-based policies. They need to stop discriminating based on race and start giving middle and low-income people a chance for admission.Only when top colleges swap their race-based affirmative action policies for socioeconomic ones will the unfair advantages of the wealthy be nullified, and only then will their student bodies be truly diverse.— Sebastian Zagler, John T Hoggard High School Wilmington NCAre we really that surprised? In a culture that persistently propagates the idea that elite college admissions are the only key to success, in a culture that ascribes immense status to traditional centers of academic achievement, in a culture that has always supported the wealthy attending selective schools, no, we shouldn’t be surprised.Ivy League acceptance rates were once well over 50%, and with numbers now approaching less than one tenth of that previous mark, it is apparent that something must have changed … In decades past it was only the wealthy who were able to send their children to the elite private high schools that nearly guaranteed admittance to Ivy League caliber institutions. It should come as no surprise that this same mentality is now in conflict with modern holistic admissions.However, these ideas about status and education are not just the result of rich parents who want the best for their children; their actions are motivated by a culture that irrationally overvalues specific schools. Consider the Supreme Court, on which every single justice has attended at some point either Harvard Law or Yale Law (or both).— Evan Bell, Lakewood, OhioEven as the rich are getting richer, and their privilege skyrockets, 50 SAT/ACT prep coaches, parents, and test administrators felt the need to ensure their child’s spot in Ivy League schools such as Harvard and Yale. Imagine the mediocrity: rich, mostly white, most likely christian students with all of the privileges they need to be successful needing to cheat to get into a good college.We are fed lies that affirmative action takes away the right of hard working Americans to get into college, that financial aid and other such programs that help the poor and disadvantaged people of our country are taking away that right from Americans to get into college. However, as it has almost always been, the rich are feeding these lies to the poor to keep them poor, while the rich prosper, the rich get into good colleges, and the rich live lives full of advantages.— Jason Melnick, Lakewood Public HighschoolWhen was the last time a new college was made that I was made aware of? My parents always tell me, “Apply for UC’s” or basically go to colleges that are already established. I’m not sure if new credible colleges are being made, but I definitely think that if it could happen it could lower competition, and in the end lower situations like this. No one will have to reach such desperate or cheap measures to get their kid into college.— Edward F., TorranceExpressions of moral outrage are playing a prominent role in contemporary debates about issues like sexual assault, immigration and police brutality. In response, there have been criticisms of expressions of outrage as mere “virtue signaling” — feigned righteousness intended to make the speaker appear superior by condemning others.Clearly, feigned righteousness exists. We can all think of cases where people simulated or exaggerated feelings of outrage because they had a strategic reason to do so. Politicians on the campaign trail, for example, are frequent offenders.So it may seem reasonable to ask, whenever someone is expressing indignation, “Is she genuinely outraged or just virtue signaling?” But in many cases this question is misguided, for the answer is often “both.”You may not realize it, but distinguishing between genuine and strategic expressions of indignation assumes a particular scientific theory: namely, that there are two separable psychological systems that shape expressions of moral outrage. One is a “genuine” system that evaluates a transgression in light of our moral values and determines what level of outrage we actually feel. The other is a “strategic” system that evaluates our social context and determines what level of outrage will look best to others. Authentic expressions of outrage involve only the first system, whereas virtue signaling involves the second system.This theory may be intuitively compelling, but new research suggests that it is wrong. Psychological studies reveal that a person’s authentically experienced outrage is inherently interwoven with subconscious concerns about her reputation. In other words, even genuine outrage can be strategic.In a paper forthcoming in The Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, we show that even when people are unobserved — and thus have no incentive to signal their virtue — their sense of moral outrage is influenced by their desire to be seen positively by others.In several experiments, we presented participants with an act of selfish behavior, in which one person was given an opportunity to split a sum of money with another person but decided to keep all the money for himself. Then we asked the participants to rate their degree of outrage toward the selfish person. This took place in a completely anonymous online environment, so that no one — not even us, the researchers — could link the subjects’ responses to their identities.But before we asked our subjects to rate their degree of outrage toward the selfish person, we asked about half of them to complete another task: We provided them with a sum of money and gave them the opportunity to share it with an unidentified stranger. (Some shared, some didn’t.) This also took place in a completely anonymous online environment.What we found might strike you as peculiar. When our participants rated their degree of moral outrage toward the selfish person, those who had not been given an opportunity to share money with another person reported feeling significantly more moral outrage than did those who had been given that opportunity.On the face of it, this might seem strange. Why would having an opportunity to act morally in one setting influence your level of moral outrage in another — especially when your identity is secret the entire time?Our data support the following explanation: People have a subconscious desire to signal their virtue. Even in private, people implicitly ask themselves, “If I were being observed, how good would I look?”Consider the participants who were given an opportunity to act morally by sharing money. If they had been observed, their choice would have served as a powerful signal of their virtue (or lack thereof). And as a result, the value of expressing outrage as a virtue signal would decline. After all, if a participant chose to share, she would look virtuous regardless of how much outrage she subsequently expressed toward the selfish person. (And if she chose not to share, she would look dishonorable regardless of how much outrage she later expressed.)In contrast, the participants who were not given the opportunity to share money had no way to signal their virtue to a hypothetical observer besides getting outraged. So, even though no one was watching, they had a stronger subconscious motivation to express outrage — and, as we found, they reported feeling significantly more outraged.What our findings show is that asking whether outrage is “pure” is the wrong question. Even authentic outrage is influenced by implicit strategic calculations. This shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone familiar with evolutionary theories that hypothesize that morality arose precisely as a way of signaling one’s trustworthiness in cooperative endeavors.But this also shouldn’t strike you as cynical. In fact, we view our findings optimistically. They suggest that if an individual is motivated by a desire to signal her virtue, that does not necessarily mean she is faking her outrage. Of course, people do sometimes fake or exaggerate their outrage to look good. Our point is that the presence of strategic motives does not itself make a moral reaction inauthentic.That’s something to keep in mind the next time you are tempted to dismiss something as mere virtue signaling.Jillian Jordan is a postdoctoral fellow at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern. David Rand is an associate professor at the Sloan School of Management and the department of brain and cognitive sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.Craig Coley was never a wealthy man. There was a time, before he was wrongfully convicted of murder and spent nearly four decades in prison, when he juggled multiple jobs to afford a home. Those days now seem far away.On Saturday, the city of Simi Valley, Calif., announced that it had reached a $21 million settlement with Mr. Coley, 71, in connection with his 1980 murder conviction that was overturned in 2017 after DNA evidence proved he was not the killer.For Mr. Coley, the news has been overwhelming. But in a phone interview arranged by lawyers on Monday, he made one thing clear: “There is no money that can replace what I lost.”“When I heard about this award they granted to me I was taken aback even though I knew the possibility was there,” he said. “The whole situation, the reason I am getting the money is where it starts — none of it is normal.”The reason Mr. Coley is getting the money begins with the murder of his ex-girlfriend Rhonda Wicht, 24, and her 4-year-old son, Donald, in 1978. He was arrested but his trial ended in a hung jury in 1979.He was tried again the next year, found guilty and was sentenced to life in prison without parole. Then he spent the next 37 years in prison. His sentence was the longest one ever overturned in California, the city said in its statement on Saturday.Mr. Coley was released on the day before Thanksgiving in 2017. He calls it “the most thankful day of my life.”After his release, Mr. Coley was pardoned by Jerry Brown, who was then the governor, and awarded $1.95 million by the California Victims Compensation Board — $140 for each day he spent in prison.“Had I not gotten some money from the state, I’d be broke,” he said on Monday. “I had no money. How can you get a job at 70 years old in this day and age?”But while the two monetary awards are nice, Mr. Coley said, they cannot make up for what time — and the state of California — have taken away.“I’ll never have children, I’ll never have grandchildren,” he said. “I have lost all my family. It just goes on and on and on.”In a statement on Saturday, the city seemed to agree.“While no amount of money can make up for what happened to Mr. Coley, settling this case is the right thing to do for Mr. Coley and our community,” Simi Valley’s city manager, Eric Levitt, said in the statement. He also added that the city had decided to settle the case because “the monetary cost of going to trial would be astronomical.”The city’s statement said it would pay about $4.9 million of the $21 million settlement, with the remainder coming from insurance and other sources.Representatives for the Simi Valley Police Department and the district attorney’s office did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Monday. Mr. Levitt said the police department was still pursuing leads in the deaths of Ms. Wicht and her son.On Monday, Mr. Coley said he earned degrees in Bible studies while in prison. He was even working on a graduate degree at the time of his release, he said, “but I don’t know if I will ever get back to that.”Mr. Coley said he planned to donate some of his settlement money to a veterans’ organization started by a friend. And he often tells people about the power of perseverance.“People that are down and out or having a hard time, my message to them is don’t give up, tell the truth about everything because the truth will always come back and support you,” he said. “Lies never do. And God can help you, he really can.”Mr. Coley’s road to freedom began in 2016 with a police investigation opened at the behest of officers who doubted his guilt. Tests showed that DNA found on a key piece of evidence did not match Mr. Coley’s.On Monday, Mr. Coley said he was not angry at those responsible for his being imprisoned for all those years. “They took four decades of my life, and I am not going to let them take the rest of it,” he said. “I forgive anyone who was involved in this, if it was intentional or not. I am going to move forward.”STOCKHOLM — The European Central Bank (ECB) is looking into Swedbank's Estonian operations, Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter reported on Wednesday, citing an undisclosed source.The ECB wants to know how well Swedbank's Estonian subsidiary kept itself informed about its customers, the paper said, citing the source. The newspaper also reported, citing the Swedish financial supervisory authority, that it had shared with the ECB a report commissioned by Swedbank on its Baltic operations. The Swedish FSA and the ECB declined to comment when approached by Reuters. Sweden is not part of the eurozone but Estonia is and that means Swedbank's Estonian subsidiary falls under ECB supervision. Swedbank has come under heavy criticism from politicians and investors over allegations that its Baltic operations processed billions of dollars of transactions allegedly linked to Russian money laundering.The scandal has led to Swedbank's CEO and chairman leaving and the launch of several regulatory investigations into the bank.Separately, business daily Dagens Industri (DI) cited FSA deputy director general Martin Noreus as saying that the authority was expanding its joint probe with Baltic counterparts into money laundering risks in the region to include Swedish bank SEB's operations in the region.An FSA spokesman said the DI report was correct, declining to comment further. Swedbank and SEB are the biggest banks in the Baltic region. (Reporting by Anna Ringstrom, additional reporting by Helena Soderpalm and by Francesco Canepa in Frankfurt; Editing by Keith Weir)RIGA — A year after closing one of its largest banks for money laundering and the detention of its central bank governor for alleged bribery, Latvia is struggling to deal with the fallout from the corruption scandal.The country's new government, formed in January after months of political deadlock, is trying to introduce reforms ahead of a review by international money-laundering standards watchdog Moneyval, which Latvian officials fear could label the Baltic state as high risk.The stakes are high for Latvia, tarnished by a string of money laundering and corruption scandals, including the shuttering of banking group ABLV last year.But efforts to clean up the country's reputation are moving slowly. Central Bank Govenor Ilmars Rimsevics is still awaiting trial 14 months on from his brief detention. A top European court has ruled that he should not have been barred from office, in an embarrassing setback for the tiny state. "Latvia is coming to crunch time," said Valdis Liepins, chairman of anti-corruption group Transparency International in Latvia. "The whole system is corrupt. We finally need to do something." Latvia's prime minister, Krisjanis Karins, has promised to accelerate an overhaul of the banking sector but his efforts have been overshadowed by lack of progress in the Rimsevics corruption case, the biggest in the former Soviet-ruled state's history. Rimsevics was accused last year by Latvia's public prosecutor of accepting an offer of a 500,000 euro ($566,100) bribe from a Latvian bank. Rimsevics, also a top policy-maker at the European Central Bank and who led Latvia into the euro, has denied wrongdoing.He has returned to work following the European court ruling that Latvia broke EU law by barring him from office, and travels to ECB meetings in Frankfurt.The Rimsevics case has sparked a public row between Latvia's justice minister and the state prosecutor over how to tackle corruption and financial crime.Justice minister Janis Bordans told Reuters he was looking at how to reorganize work in enforcement agencies, promising radical reform after what he said was a mishandling of the case."This is the failure of the investigation agencies," Bordans said, singling out the state prosecutor. "It shows that there is some lack of efficiency and professionalism."Bordans blamed "inefficient representatives ... in legal agencies" and poor leadership. Latvia's prosecutor general Eriks Kalnmeiers responded that the minister had no information about the details of the case that would qualify him to comment.Unless there are meaningful reforms, the Moneyval review, due out in coming months, could label Latvia as high risk.The Rimsevics investigation is also being watched closely by the United States, which has become frustrated with Latvia's often years-long probes of corruption cases.Rimsevics is also suspected of bribery linked to ABLV, prosecutor Viorika Jirgena and Jekabs Straume, who leads Latvia's anti-corruption agency KNAB, told Reuters. Rimsevics told Reuters he denied these allegations.ABLV was shut last year when U.S. authorities accused it of money laundering and U.S. sanctions breaches, plunging the country into its worst financial crisis in a decade. Marshall Billingslea, who leads the Office of Terrorist Financing and Financial Crimes at the U.S. Treasury, will visit the country again in the coming weeks, people familiar with the matter said, highlighting Washington's continued concern about the country's progress. Corruption investigator Straume said Latvia was undertaking "thorough" reforms to avoid a so-called grey-listing in the international Moneyval audit. "We don't want to be on any list," he said. "We are a normal country." But showing how the reforms are translating into action is tough. Morten Hansen of the Stockholm School of Economics in Riga said Latvia was at a critical juncture: "This country is still struggling to prevail as a modern country."($1 = 0.8832 euros) (Reporting By John O'Donnell. Editing by Jane Merriman)LOS ANGELES — Federal prosecutors painted a picture of attorney Michael Avenatti on Thursday as a scheming operator who stole millions of dollars from clients, cheated on his taxes, lied to investigators and tried to hide money from debtors in bankruptcy proceedings.A 36-count indictment returned late Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Santa Ana, California, offered the most damning and detailed account to date of Avenatti's apparent fall from grace a year after he seized the spotlight while crusading for porn actress Stormy Daniels in her legal battles against President Donald Trump.Avenatti embezzled settlement funds and proceeds from other matters he handled for five clients and doled out small portions, sometimes labeling them as "advances" to prevent thefts from being discovered, prosecutors said."Money generated from one set of crimes was used to further other crimes," U.S. Attorney Nick Hanna told reporters. "Typically in the form of payments designed to string along victims so as to prevent Mr. Avenatti's financial house of cards from collapsing."Avenatti denied the charges on Twitter, saying he had made powerful enemies and would plead not guilty and fight the case. "I look forward to the entire truth being known as opposed to a one-sided version meant to sideline me," he tweeted.The new charges do not include a New York extortion case alleging Avenatti demanded millions to stay quiet about claims he planned to reveal about Nike paying high school players.Avenatti, 48, was arrested March 25 in New York on the Nike charge. Federal prosecutors at the time announced he also faced single counts of wire and bank fraud in Southern California, where he lives and practices law.The 61-page Southern California indictment adds dozens of counts and details charges that carry a potential prison sentence of 335 years, prosecutors said. Even if convicted of all counts, such a term is highly unlikely.Avenatti faces 10 counts of wire fraud for stealing from a paraplegic man and four other clients he allegedly deceived by taking their money and using it to fund a lifestyle that included living in multimillion-dollar homes, sponsoring an auto racing team and flying in his own private jet, authorities said. The jet was seized Wednesday by federal agents.He was also charged with 19 tax counts, including lying to an Internal Revenue Service officer, not paying personal income taxes since 2010, failing to pay taxes for his businesses, including two law firms, and pocketing payroll taxes from the Tully's Coffee chain that he owned, the indictment said.Between September 2015 and January 2018, Global Baristas US, the company that operated Tully's, failed to pay the IRS $3.2 million in payroll taxes, including nearly $2.4 million withheld from employees, the indictment said.When the IRS later put tax levies on coffee company bank accounts to collect more than $5 million, Avenatti had Tully's employees deposit cash receipts in a little-known account for his auto racing team, authorities said.Avenatti was also charged with submitting phony tax returns to get more than $4 million in loans from The Peoples Bank in Biloxi, Mississippi, in 2014. The tax returns he presented to the bank were never filed to the IRS, prosecutors said.The charges are the latest blow to a career that took off when Avenatti represented Daniels in her lawsuit to break a confidentiality agreement with Trump to stay mum about an affair they allegedly had.Avenatti became one of Trump's leading adversaries, attacking him on cable news programs and Twitter. At one point, Avenatti even considered challenging Trump in 2020.Back home, his business practices had come under scrutiny from the IRS and a former law partner owed nearly $15 million by Avenatti and the Eagan Avenatti firm, which filed for bankruptcy.Avenatti made false statements in bankruptcy proceedings by submitting forms that under-reported income such as a $1.3 million payment his firm received, the indictment said.As prosecutors outlined the charges, Avenatti appeared briefly in Los Angeles Superior Court to answer questions about money he owes attorney Jason Frank for legal work he performed.With the prospect of facing questions about money he's charged with stealing from clients, Avenatti asserted his 5th Amendment right against self-incrimination and didn't testify, according to attorneys and the court record.Andrew Stolper, the lawyer who represents Frank, said Avenatti told his client he won't get paid now that federal authorities seized his private jet.The most glaring example of deception and fraud was described in the indictment as scheming Avenatti allegedly did to deprive clients of money they were due from court settlements, legal negotiations or sales of stock and actions he took to cover his tracks.Avenatti on Thursday called theft allegations "bogus nonsense" on Twitter.Prosecutors said that in one case, Avenatti funneled a $2.75 million settlement into his bank accounts and spent $2.5 million for the private jet he co-owned.Although Avenatti was due a portion of the more than $12 million he received for the five clients, the charges said he turned over only a fraction."It is Lawyer 101: do not steal your client's money," Hanna said.Avenatti allegedly drained a $4 million settlement he negotiated in 2015 on behalf of Geoffrey Johnson, who was paralyzed after trying to kill himself in the Los Angeles County jail, the indictment said.Avenatti only provided $124,000 to Johnson, the indictment said.Two years after the settlement was reached, Avenatti allegedly helped Johnson find a real estate agent to buy a house. But when Johnson was in escrow, Avenatti falsely said he had not received the settlement funds, the indictment said.In November, when the Social Security Administration requested information to determine if Johnson should continue to receive disability benefits, Avenatti said he would respond, but didn't because he knew it could lead to the discovery of his embezzlement, the indictment said. The failure to respond led to Johnson's disability benefits being cut off in February.After Avenatti was questioned about the alleged embezzlement during a judgment-debtor examination in federal court on March 22, the indictment said he fabricated a defense for himself.Avenatti had Johnson sign a document afterward saying he was satisfied with his representation, which the lawyer told him was necessary to get the settlement that had in fact been paid four years earlier, the indictment said.Avenatti's posted a "client testimonial" Thursday from Johnson on Twitter that praised Avenatti as "an exceptional, honest and ethical attorney and I feel fortunate to have had him represent me."Johnson, who is now destitute, only realized after Avenatti's arrest the following week that he had been a victim of fraud, said attorney Joshua Robbins, who now represents him.Robbins, a former federal prosecutor, said he was surprised Avenatti posted the statement."This is the first time I've seen someone tweet out incriminating evidence in their own case the same day they were indicted," Robbins said.Love is in the air, but don’t let it cloud your judgment — or it might cost you.Americans looking for love lost at least $143 million to scammers last year, according to reports filed with the Federal Trade Commission. While those reports accounted for only 1.5 percent of all fraud tracked by the agency, no other type of scam wreaked as much financial havoc as those rooted in romance.“It’s a pretty small number of reports, but it’s No. 1 in terms of the dollar loss that consumers have reported to us. That’s really striking,” said Monica Vaca, associate director of the agency’s Division of Marketing Practices, which responds to consumer fraud.“That tells me that people really have got to be on their guard against this kind of fraud because, when people fall for it, they’re likely to lose a whole lot of money,” she said.Swindlers will often use fake or stolen identities to attract unsuspecting victims, a process known as catfishing. They lead their targets on, sometimes for long periods, building up trust only to abuse it.“Once these fraudsters have people by the heartstrings, they say they need money, often for a medical emergency or some other misfortune,” the F.T.C. explained in a blog post this week.Such deceptions, typically carried out online, have long been a concern, but the problem has worsened significantly in recent years: Americans reported just $33 million lost to so-called romance scams in 2015, according to the agency.The number of reports more than doubled over a three-year period, too, to more than 21,000 last year.While many scams take place on dating websites, some victims have reported being approached elsewhere on social media, such as on Facebook or even through online games.“The way it typically unfolds is that the scammer wants to chat privately with you,” Ms. Vaca said, adding that “they want to sort of establish that one-to-one communication.”The F.T.C. data is not representative of the greater public, Ms. Vaca noted. It reflects only the often self-reported accounts collected by the agency.For those carrying them out, the cons can be relatively lucrative. The median reported loss to romance scams last year was $2,600.People ages 40 to 69 reported losing money to romance scams at the highest rates, but those 70 and older were hardest hit, suffering a median loss of $10,000. Scam victims from the ages of 20 to 29 reported a median loss of about $1,000, the agency said.Victims often admit to sending money repeatedly for purported crises. The perpetrators often evade attempts to meet by claiming they are in the military and deployed abroad. When the time to meet does come, they may ask for help covering travel costs.Of those who shared how they lost their money, 55 percent said they had wired it to their swindlers. Just over 21 percent said they had shared gift or reloadable cards, according to the F.T.C. The remaining individuals paid with a mix that included cash or cash advances, credit cards, online payments, money orders and checks.Dating services have long been aware of the problem, and many work to educate users on how to detect deceit.“We take the issue of fraud very seriously,” Match, the dating website, said in a statement. “These scams are rare, but that doesn’t make them any less upsetting.”Match Group, which owns Match, Tinder, OkCupid and others, counts 8.2 million subscribers across all of its brands.Match uses software and a dedicated team to monitor the site for signs of deception, watching for suspicious language in profiles or stolen credit card information. The service also advises users against wiring money in a warning that it says appears on every page in a user’s inbox.The F.T.C. offered similar recommendations. Those looking for love online should never send money or gifts to anyone they haven’t yet met in real life, the agency said. They should also talk about new romantic interests with friends and family and heed any concerns they may express.Users of online dating services should try to verify information provided by those they speak with online, the agency said. And consider conducting reverse image searches of profile pictures to confirm that people aren’t using widely available photos or claiming to be someone they aren’t.“Take it slowly,” the F.T.C. said. “Ask questions and look for inconsistent answers.”[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]When Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo abruptly called off the L train shutdown, he upended years of careful planning to ensure that 275,000 displaced riders were not left stranded in an L-pocalypse.Now, even as officials forge ahead with a widely debated alternate plan, many transit advocates are calling for those contingency measures — more bus and ferry service, new bike lanes, traffic restrictions — to be put in place even with no shutdown. The planned changes, they say, are still needed in a growing city facing critical transportation challenges from congestion to a broken subway system.Why turn back, they say, when so much of the groundwork is done. Bike routes have been expanded. Bus lanes have been painted, and the skeletons of bus fare machines have been installed on sidewalks. New bus and ferry services have been announced.“What we have in front of us is a city that has to expand our transportation system,” said Ydanis Rodriguez, the chairman of the City Council’s transportation committee. “We have an opportunity to become the most pedestrian- and cyclist-friendly city in the whole nation.”But critics counter that some of the changes would turn their neighborhoods into testing grounds for transit experiments that focus largely on moving commuters, and that the plans should be re-evaluated and weighed against the safety, health and quality of life of residents.Across the country, cities are grappling with similar issues as they try to reimagine their aging and increasingly inefficient transportation networks for modern needs. Many cities have overhauled subways and buses to attract more riders, and redesigned streets to make more room for cyclists, pedestrians and green spaces. They have embraced a host of initiatives to raise money for public transportation and reduce congestion and pollution.San Francisco has transit-only lanes on 30 miles of streets and plans to add 20 more miles in the next decade. It has even highlighted some busy lanes with red paint to make them more visible to drivers, resulting in fewer cars blocking the lanes, transit officials said.Portland, Ore., is spending millions to promote walking and cycling in its downtown area, and working to make bus service faster and more reliable. It has also offered incentives to commuters to take alternative transportation, including a program that gives free transit passes to those who turn in their city-issued parking permits.“Major cities across the country face the same challenges, and they are likely to only get worse unless we take action now,” Chloe Eudaly, Portland’s transportation commissioner, said. “Investment in our active transportation infrastructure and increasing ridership on public transit is critical to preserving and maintaining the livability of our city and our planet.”In New York, there are more alternatives than ever for subway riders who tire of delays and overcrowding. Ferry routes will serve all five boroughs next year. New bus lanes are being installed at an average of seven miles a year, for a total of 111 miles so far, with city officials planning to pick up the pace. The city’s network of bike lanes has grown to 1,240 miles, including 300 miles of bike lanes added to streets since 2014 alone.But the 15-month shutdown of the L train had been the catalyst for faster and more sweeping changes. It spurred the installation of more Manhattan crosstown bike lanes — cyclists complain that there are not enough — on 12th and 13th Streets, and a bike lane on Delancey Street to keep cyclists moving on and off the Williamsburg Bridge, the city’s busiest bicycle bridge crossing with 7,300 trips per day.The city’s first “busway,” or bus-only corridor, was designed to restrict car and truck traffic on 14th Street. Officials also planned to impose high-occupancy-vehicle requirements on the Williamsburg Bridge: Private vehicles with fewer than three passengers — including taxis and ride-hailing cars — would be barred from using the bridge between 5 a.m. and 10 p.m. to make room for a fleet of new temporary buses carrying displaced L riders.Under the alternate plan backed by Mr. Cuomo, weekday L train service — including during morning and evening rush hours — will remain unchanged, and repairs will be carried out at night and on weekends, according to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.The agency plans to increase bus and subway service — including on the G, M and 7 lines — to accommodate L riders affected by the construction, but has not yet released specific details. Shams Tarek, an M.T.A. spokesman, said no final decisions had been made on other specific plans or services in the previous shutdown plan.An M.T.A. draft memo obtained recently by Streetsblog NYC suggested that there would no longer be a need for the temporary buses over the Williamsburg Bridge and the new ferry service. Mr. Tarek said the memo was outdated and that options were still being studied.Veronique Hakim, the M.T.A.’s managing director, said the agency was seeking public input and working with city officials to come up with a new plan “serving the needs of our customers while being sensitive to local communities.” The plan would be constantly monitored and adjusted as needed, she added.“New Yorkers can be certain that the alternate service plan for the new and improved L project will include additional transportation options designed to accommodate every affected L customer,” she said.[Can you name an M.T.A. board member? No, really. Name one.]Still, Joseph P. Schwieterman, a professor of public service at DePaul University, said that without the pressure of a looming shutdown, “there is now a risk that momentum will be lost,” adding that “planning for bus lanes, better ferries and more bike options is hard enough without sudden shifts in policy.”City officials would not answer questions about whether specific contingency measures would go forward or the costs incurred in planning for the shutdown.Mayor Bill de Blasio said at a recent news conference that the city was evaluating the new L train plan to decide “if there’s anything that we were planning that is no longer needed because of the L train, but that we might want to do anyway.”The mayor has made improving bus service a priority, and many transit advocates said he could start by keeping the new bus lanes that are already on the ground.“It would be lame to peel a bus lane off after pledging in his state of the city to get bus riders moving,” Jon Orcutt, a former city transportation official, said. “These are standing city policies and — L train shutdown or no L train shutdown — they should continue to be city policies and programs.”Even without a shutdown, commuters will need backup options during “the great L train slowdown” on nights and weekends, said Danny Pearlstein, a spokesman for the Riders Alliance, a grass-roots group of transit riders. He added, “We can’t just go back to the norm and pretend nothing’s happening.”The uncertainty about the alternate plan has also raised concerns among New Yorkers. On the Lower East Side, residents had braced for more gridlock and air pollution from the temporary buses over the Williamsburg Bridge. Now they do not know what to expect. Susan Stetzer, the manager of a local community board, said she remained concerned “about all the unknowns.”The 14th Street Coalition, which represents more than two dozen residential buildings, block associations and businesses in the West Village, Chelsea and Flatiron neighborhoods, has called for officials to abandon the plans for a busway and wider pedestrian areas on 14th Street — which in some places would narrow the street to two lanes from four lanes — and restrictions that would divert car and truck traffic to nearby streets. Some residents also want the crosstown bike lanes on 12th and 13th Streets removed.Judy Pesin, 66, a member of the coalition, said the 14th Street changes would restrict deliveries to homes and businesses, slow down emergency vehicles, and make it harder for older people, parents with young children and those with disabilities to access cars.“Clearly the change in plans means it’s time to listen to the community,’’ she said, “because the commuters are still going to have a moving L train.”As I got off a train in Manhattan on Wednesday, I paid little attention to a flutter out of the corner of my eye on the subway. Then another passenger told me that I had dropped some money.“That isn’t mine,” I told her as I glanced at what turned out to be $90 on the ground.I realized the flutter had been the money falling out of the coat of a man standing near me who had just stepped off the train.The doors were about to close, and no one was acting, so I grabbed the cash and left the train. But I was too late. The man had disappeared into the crowd. I waited a few minutes to see if he would return, but he was long gone. I tried to find a transit employee or police officer, but none were in sight.I was running late, so I left. But now what? What are you supposed to do with money that isn’t yours?Note: Are you the mystery man? If so, email me at niraj.chokshi@nytimes.com with as many corroborating details as you can, including 1) the subway line 2) the stop 3) the time 4) the denominations of the bills and 5) your general appearance, including your coat and its color.The philosophical takeEthicists generally approach moral questions like this in one of three ways, according to Andrew L. McFarland, a professor of philosophy at LaGuardia Community College in Queens.One approach, credited to Immanuel Kant, is focused on motive: I should return the money because it’s my moral duty to do so, period.“Kant says, ‘Look, it seems to be that what makes this the right thing to do is doing it because it’s the right thing to do, not because you’re worried about the possible repercussions,’” Mr. McFarland said.That contrasts with the second approach, which is concerned with the consequences. What will happen if I return the money? What if I donate it to a charity instead? Under that approach, I might act in a way that I believe will produce the most good and alleviate suffering.The third and final approach, whose intellectual forebears include Aristotle and Confucius, focuses on virtue. Under that approach, I would act neither out of duty nor fear of consequences, but by my sense of what is right. I might seek out the advice of my most moral friend: What would a person who is virtuous do?In the end, though, Mr. McFarland told me what he tells his students: These approaches only offer guidance on how to think about a problem.“Ultimately, you’ve got to figure out what you’re going to do on your own,” he said.What the law saysThe law is more prescriptive, even if most have no clue what it says, according to Bruce Green, a professor and director of the Louis Stein Center for Law and Ethics at Fordham Law School.“The question is, ‘Does the law accord with people’s ordinary moral and societal intuitions?’” said Mr. Green, who is also the chairman of the New York City Bar Association’s Professional Ethics Committee.“Because nobody’s going to know to look up the law unless somebody gets a call from a reporter,” he added.Mr. Green was gracious enough to do just that and here’s what he found: Under Section 252 of New York personal property law, any person who finds an item worth $20 or more has 10 days to return it to the owner or report it to the authorities. Fail to do so, and you face a maximum fine of $100 and up to six months in prison. (Yikes!)“I don’t think anyone’s going to prosecute you,” Mr. Green assured me. He also offered a recommendation in case I wanted to keep the cash: “Don’t write a piece about it because that’s pretty inculpatory.” Noted.[Sign up for the Morning Briefing newsletter for a look at what you need to know to begin your day.]Time to actI want to return the money, so that leaves me with a few options as the deadline approaches.One of them should be obvious by now. As a reporter at The New York Times, I have access to a huge platform through which I can spread the news. Hey, guy, I have your money!For most people in this situation, though, the best option is to turn the money over to a transit official or a police officer.Station agents, train conductors or bus drivers who receive lost items or money typically collect as much information about the item as possible and provide a receipt to the person turning it in, according to Sarah Meyer, the chief customer officer for New York City Transit.The lost item is then taken to the New York City Transit Lost Property Unit at Penn Station.“It’s carried by the same system that collects money out of vending machines, so it’s very secure and always accompanied by armed personnel,” Ms. Meyer said.The transit agency keeps the items for anywhere from six months to three years, depending on their value. After that, the items are auctioned off with proceeds going to the transit agency’s coffers. Last year, the agency returned about $127,000 in lost cash to owners.The New York Police Department follows a similar procedure for lost items, though the person who turns in money or a valuable item may be able to keep it if it goes unclaimed.Ideally, this article will mean a happy conclusion for the man who lost the money. If I don’t find him within 10 days, I’ll turn the cash over to the authorities.Senator Elizabeth Warren on Monday escalated her presidential campaign’s battle against big money in politics, announcing that her bid for the Democratic nomination will forgo traditional fund-raising methods meant to cultivate a candidate’s relationships with the wealthy.The Massachusetts senator said she would no longer hold the private fund-raisers and one-on-one meetings with big donors that have become typical for Democrats and Republicans.“That means no fancy receptions or big money fund-raisers only with people who can write the big checks,” Ms. Warren said in a morning email to supporters. “It means that wealthy donors won’t be able to purchase better seats or one-on-one time with me at our events. And it means I won’t be doing ‘call time,’ which is when candidates take hours to call wealthy donors to ask for their support.”Ms. Warren made the announcement as the Democratic primary to oppose President Trump’s re-election bid begins to take shape, and candidates in the crowded field are trying to find ways to distinguish themselves. Ms. Warren, who rose to prominence as a harsh critic of big corporations and unrestrained capitalism, has attempted to push the field in that direction, announcing expansive, liberal ideas on money and wealth more than a year before the first votes are cast.They include a recently announced plan for universal child care and a tax on the wealthiest Americans.[Make sense of the people, issues and ideas shaping American politics with our newsletter.]Since Ms. Warren was unlikely to receive the majority of support from big donors, the announcement’s most important function could be its political impact. In a crowded field where the slightest factor could influence a voter’s decision, Ms. Warren is seeking to separate herself from other Democrats in the race, including Senator Kamala Harris of California and Senator Kirsten Gillibrand of New York, who have both benefited from high-priced fund-raising events and could now be under more pressure to disavow them.“The wealthy and well-connected have been taught by politicians to expect that more money buys more access — they’ve done it for generations,” Ms. Warren said in her email, “and it too often closes out women and communities of color. We have to do things differently.”[Who’s in, who’s out and who’s still thinking: We’re tracking the Democratic candidates.]The announcement comes as Ms. Warren experiences fund-raising struggles of her own. Last week, as Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont — an ardent progressive like Ms. Warren — boasted a historic fund-raising haul in the first 24 hours after his announcement, Ms. Warren sent multiple emails to her supporters warning them of lagging totals.In the email, which had the subject line “We’re falling short,” Ms. Warren seemed to acknowledge that her campaign would never match the money raised by those of her rivals.“We will be outraised. We will be outspent,” she said. “We just can’t let ourselves be drowned out.”[What you need to know to start the day: Get New York Today in your inbox.]They measure 24 feet wide and 42 feet high, which makes them taller than a telephone pole but three feet shorter than the letters in the Hollywood sign.The two photographs, according to the recently divorced and newly remarried man who had them installed last week on one of the tallest residential buildings in the Western Hemisphere, are “a proclamation of love.”That man is the real estate developer Harry Macklowe, who is pictured in one of the photographs and was married for the second time on Thursday after a contentious 14-week divorce trial. His new wife, the woman in the other photograph, is Patricia Landeau, the president of the French Friends of the Israel Museum. Mr. Macklowe built the building where the images appear, 432 Park Avenue.Mr. Macklowe, 81, said on Saturday that he had bid $2,000 at a charity auction for photographs by Studio Harcourt in Paris. He loved the results — “My wife looks gorgeous, and I love the picture of me,” he said on Saturday — and began thinking about ways to show them off.“Since I wasn’t getting married during the summer in the Hamptons,” he said, “I wasn’t able to hire an airplane with a banner to go up and down the shoreline. I thought: ‘I own a building. Why don’t I just hang a banner from my own building?’”So he did. A sign company printed the images on polyester mesh and placed them on the so-called Park Avenue Cube, a white-glass structure that is part of 432 Park Avenue and is to be occupied by the auction house Phillips. The images look out from the northwest corner of Park Avenue and East 56th Street.It did not take long for the tabloids to notice. “Macklowe puts new wife’s pic on Park Ave. bldg. where ex nixed apt,” The New York Post wrote.“Ex” was a reference to Mr. Macklowe’s first wife, Linda. They were married for more than 50 years before a public breakup in 2016 that preceded the divorce trial.It ended in December when Justice Laura Drager of State Supreme Court in Manhattan ordered their $2 billion fortune divided. That means selling what the judge called “an internationally renowned collection” of modern art they had amassed over the years. It includes works by Jean-Michel Basquiat, Alberto Giacometti, Pablo Picasso and Andy Warhol.Linda Macklowe, an honorary trustee of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and a vice president and trustee of the Guggenheim Museum, was not required to go through with the planned purchase of an apartment in the building that is now adorned by the images of Mr. Macklowe and his new wife.The first Ms. Macklowe had had a contract to buy the apartment on the 78th floor of 432 Park Avenue, but another court had permitted her to exit the deal, according to the judge in the divorce settlement. The divorce court awarded Linda Macklowe the couple’s condominium in the Plaza Hotel — created by joining seven apartments they bought in 2007 and valued by the court at $72 million — but gave Mr. Macklowe a $36 million credit on it.Mr. Macklowe said on Saturday that some of his male friends had told him their wives now wanted the big-picture treatment. He said some of his female friends had said the same thing. “I got an email from a neighbor across the street who said, ‘I want my husband to do this for me for Valentine’s Day,’” he said.If the photographs are like an art installation, the reviews from passers-by on Park Avenue were mixed.“If you have the money and you want to do it, go ahead,” said Halle Mae Nottage, a college student from Kailua-Kona, Hawaii. “But it’s devastating to see people spend such money on such shallow things when there are bigger and more pressing issues on which money can be spent.”Teya Goakey, a graphic design student from Port Angeles, Wash., said she would not want her portrait on the side of a building. “It’s weird to see,” she said, “and I feel like if I had that kind of money, I wouldn’t need the whole of New York City see my and my other half’s face on the side of a building. That’s a private thing. I wouldn’t need the whole city to know of my wedding.”Allen Gross of the Bronx was unimpressed. “He could have done something much better,” he said, “something that would attract people’s attention.”“That’s not going to do it,” he said, looking up at the two photographs and apparently concluding that they were too discreet.But Eric Torres, who delivers groceries for FreshDirect, said he would do the same thing if he had the money — and a wife.“Is it pointless?” he asked. “It’s 50-50 on that one. The simple fact is, if the marriage doesn’t work out, he just wasted a lot of money.”The newlyweds’ love may be everlasting, but the photographs will not be. Mr. Macklowe said he had not decided how long the images would adorn the building.We don’t know what will emerge as President Trump’s plan to replace Obamacare, which he has promised to unveil immediately after the 2020 elections. But he has recently endorsed several proposals, and they could provide clues.Over the last two weeks, he has sought to re-emphasize health care as an issue, after a set of bruising legislative defeats in 2017. He directed the Justice Department not to defend the Affordable Care Act against a legal challenge. And he issued statements and tweets calling for Republicans to become “the party of health care,” at a moment when many of his party’s leaders had hoped to focus on different issues.He also began reprising various promises about what a future plan to repeal and replace parts of the Affordable Care Act might achieve. The plan, short on specifics, will come with “far lower premiums (costs) & deductibles,” he said this week in a series of tweets. He promised that any Republican health plan would protect Americans with pre-existing health conditions, a major concern of voters that Democrats effectively exploited in the 2018 midterm elections.After his election, President Trump made similar promises, saying that the Republican proposal would be “far less expensive and far better” than Obamacare. The legislation that came later, and earned his endorsement, would have made insurance less expensive, but only for certain groups of young, high-income, healthy Americans. The bills would have also eliminated coverage for millions of people by scaling back Medicaid, and would have made it harder for those with pre-existing illnesses — and those who are older with low incomes — to find meaningful affordable options if they didn’t get insurance from work.The three senators he has chosen to lead the effort — Bill Cassidy of Louisiana, John Barrasso of Wyoming and Rick Scott of Florida — have so far also declined to point to many specifics. When asked about an Obamacare replacement this week, they mentioned their more modest bills to reduce health care costs in the emergency room and at the drugstore. (A fourth senator the president has mentioned, the majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, has been even more clear that he has little interest in pursuing comprehensive health care legislation.)One clue to Mr. Trump’s thinking is the choice of Mr. Cassidy. Along with Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, he was the author of a legislative plan that received some scrutiny in 2017 but never came up for a vote. Another hint can be found in the president’s own budget, released just before his reinvigorated health care push. A third is a draft proposal developed by a group of conservative Washington policy groups.The Graham-Cassidy billThe president has spoken fondly several times about this proposal, which did not have enough support in Congress to advance to a vote. It would eliminate current programs funding Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion, which covers the working poor, and insurance subsidies helping low- and middle-income Americans buy their insurance. Instead, that money would be grouped together, then parceled out to states to use in the service of health care programs they favor.The legislation attaches some rules to how the money can be used — it must go toward health care, for example — but its main goal is to provide states with maximum flexibility to develop local and innovative solutions. (Some experts worry that states could struggle to develop such plans on the bill’s abbreviated timetable.)That flexibility would allow states, if they so chose, to waive Obamacare’s rules that plans must cover a standard set of medical benefits, and that insurers must charge the same prices to customers with different health histories. It would be easy for states to circumvent current protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions. That ability would be at odds with the president’s recent promises to protect such rules. The bill would also restructure the Medicaid program, even for populations that were enrolled in the program before Obamacare.The bill’s formula for allocating money among the states would also lead to big redistributions, generally taking money away from states that have expanded Medicaid, toward those that have not. It would also restrict the growth of the block grants over time. Those funding formulas, while technical, make a big difference in the impact of the program. It would result in substantial funding shortfalls for several large states nearly immediately, and leave nearly every state in a funding crunch over the long term.The budgetBecause the 2020 White House budget was developed and published by the White House itself, it is perhaps the most useful clue about how the president imagines a world without Obamacare. Like the Graham-Cassidy proposal, it includes block grants to the states to replace the Obamacare coverage expansion, and it replaces the remainder of Medicaid with a set of fixed payments to states.But the rate at which the different grants would grow over time would be even smaller than under the legislation, “to make the system more efficient.”The budget is vague about what sorts of insurance regulations would be allowed, but it does note that a tenth of funds would need to be set aside for people with pre-existing conditions, a sign that states would be allowed to exclude such people from the mainstream insurance markets.The conservative coalition proposalA group of conservative health policy experts, including the Heritage Foundation, has developed a health care proposal that shares a basic structure with the two systems described above: It would hand states blocks of money and a few rules, and encourage them to develop their own health care systems.The rules in the conservative plan differ a bit from those in Graham-Cassidy. The plan would require that government-subsidized systems offer every American a choice of a private health plan, a requirement that would probably foreclose a liberal state from enacting a single-payer program and that might require restructuring of some state-run Medicaid programs.The plan shies away from specifying funding formulas. It doesn’t say how the block of money should be divvied up among the states, though it says that states with more low-income residents should get a bigger share. It also doesn’t specify precisely how quickly the pot of money should grow over time.Like the budget proposal, it nods to concerns about Americans with pre-existing conditions by encouraging states to develop special programs, like high-risk pools, to insure people with expensive health needs. But it also encourages insurance strategies, like discounts for young customers, or stripped-down benefit plans, that would tend to make mainstream insurance less useful for people with serious health needs.The proposal also leaves the legacy Medicaid program as is. That choice neutralizes one possible political line of attack. But it also substantially diminishes the program’s possible cost savings.The court case over the Affordable Care Act will be decided on the judiciary’s timetable, so it’s not clear how long the White House may have to develop a replacement plan. But, since it certainly has at least months, there is time to develop some new proposal more aligned with the president’s recent promises.Doing so will not be easy, however. Health care in the United States is expensive, which means that health plans that cover everyone with low deductibles are likely to be costly. The block grant plans the president has admired reduce rather than increase current federal spending on health care. Looser rules on health insurance are likely to increase costs on customers unfortunate enough to need care. That makes the block-grant approach a troublesome fit with the president’s stated desire for a system that Americans find “far less expensive & much more usable than Obamacare.”WASHINGTON — President Trump has decided to roll out the big cannon.In the Rose Garden on Friday, he said he was declaring a national emergency to build a wall on the border with Mexico, using money from other federal accounts, after Congress declined to authorize sufficient funds to satisfy him in legislation that averts another government shutdown.Mr. Trump is wielding extraordinary power to get his way. Democrats strenuously dispute that there is a national security crisis on the border that warrants using the kind of presidential authority that in the past has been used for grave matters like the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.Here are six takeaways from Mr. Trump’s action.Trump will go to almost any length to appease his baseRepublicans in Congress, including Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, the majority leader, were fine with the spending deal that they reached with Democrats to keep the government open.But more hard-line elements within the party scalded Mr. Trump with criticism, including the Fox host Laura Ingraham and the conservative commentator Ann Coulter. But as The New York Times reported early Friday, the president felt cornered into accepting the deal and agreed to it only with Mr. McConnell’s promise to support an emergency declaration.Still, the White House assuaged some other skeptics of the funding deal, namely Sean Hannity on Fox and the radio host Rush Limbaugh, both of whom in effect announced the president’s decision in advance and encouraged their followers to fall in line.Mr. Trump is willing to risk the blowback, even from members of his party, and a possible court defeat, if it means he can tell his core supporters that he did all he could to build the wall.Democrats probably can’t stop him, but they can make it awkwardDemocrats cannot stop the president from issuing the declaration, but they can make it very uncomfortable for Republicans.They can vote to terminate the president’s declaration on the grounds that there is no emergency — there is strong sentiment among Democrats to do that — which would force Republicans in the Senate to make a tough vote over Mr. Trump’s extraordinary exercise of power.Already, Senator Susan Collins, Republican of Maine, has been sharply critical of the president using his authority this way, and fellow Republican Senators Marco Rubio of Florida and Rand Paul of Kentucky also have been highly skeptical. Mr. Paul called it “extraconstitutional.”So the president’s action will force Republicans to decide whether to back him — and then set a precedent for a future Democratic president to use power this way — or embarrass Mr. Trump with a vote that could undo his declaration. The president could veto the resolution, and the declaration would likely remain in place because there would not be sufficient votes to override it, but his standing would be undermined.Pulling money from elsewhere could make new enemiesMr. Trump has to find money from other federal programs to make up a $4 billion shortfall from his initial demand for border wall funding. He can do this by taking money from funding for projects.The declaration enables Mr. Trump to divert $3.6 billion budgeted for military construction projects, and he will also tap into $2.5 billion from counternarcotics programs and $600 million from a Treasury Department asset forfeiture fund. All told, that leaves him with about $8 billion for the wall, including the $1.375 billion authorized by Congress in the spending package that averts a government shutdown.Each of those pots of money comes with a specific constituency that authorized it in the first place, and those constituencies may not be pleased to see it used for another purpose.What about a court challenge?With this declaration, a court challenge is a near certainty. A party opposing the president will probably seek an injunction — a halt in the action — while the matter is litigated. Yet every day that the wall is not built could undermine Mr. Trump’s fundamental premise that there is an emergency at the border.The challenges are likely to be many, in jurisdictions from coast to coast, increasing the chances that new construction would not start any time soon.Watch how Nancy Pelosi respondsSpeaker Nancy Pelosi of California has been among the few Democrats who seem to be able to stare down the president.In this case, she has offered a not-so-subtle warning about what she sees as an abuse of the emergency authority. She pointed to the mass shootings in the United States, and noted that perhaps the president should issue a national emergency about guns.That could be a mere preview of how she and the Democrats will frame the case against the president, starting with the idea that he has abused his constitutional authority.After his speech on Friday, Ms. Pelosi and Senator Chuck Schumer of New York, the Democratic leader, vowed to try to overturn the decision.“This is plainly a power grab by a disappointed president, who has gone outside the bounds of the law to try to get what he failed to achieve in the constitutional legislative process,” they said in a joint statement.Expect to hear a lot from Ms. Pelosi about a basic tenet of American government, that Congress is a coequal branch of government that is not cowed by presidential whim.Trump may have undercut his own caseThe president’s penchant for improvisation may not have served him well. In making his case for a national emergency, Mr. Trump said that he could have waited, but he did not want to, so he declared an emergency.“I could do the wall over a longer period of time,” the president said. “I didn’t need to do this but I’d rather do it much faster.”Then he noted that he had so much money from the legislation that averted a shutdown that money was not really an issue.”We have so much money, we don’t know what to do with it,” Mr. Trump said. “I don’t know what to do with all the money they’re giving us. It’s crazy. “Those two admissions could be the foundation of a legal challenge to his national emergency declaration.Distressed America is Wall Street’s hottest new investment vehicle.Hedge funds, investment banks and money managers are trying to raise tens of billions of dollars this year for so-called opportunity funds, a creation of President Trump’s 2017 tax package meant to steer money to poor areas by offering potentially large tax breaks.Little noticed at first, the provision has unleashed a flurry of investment activity by wealthy families, some of Wall Street’s biggest investors and other investors who want to put money into projects ostensibly meant to help struggling Americans. The ranks of those starting such funds include Anthony Scaramucci, the New York hedge fund executive who served briefly as Mr. Trump’s communications director.More than 80 of the funds have sprung up since January 2018, even though the Trump administration has not finalized regulations governing them. Managers of the funds are seeking to raise huge sums of money by pitching investors on a combination of outsize returns and a feel-good role in fighting poverty.The flood of capital is raising hopes as well as concerns. Those who championed the provision, which provides for a hefty tax break on long-term investments, believe the money can help distressed towns and neighborhoods that are still feeling the effects of the financial crisis and have barely benefited from the nine-year economic expansion. Skeptics worry that the funds will mostly target real estate and other projects that probably would have attracted investment even without the tax break, and may not deliver the returns being dangled.“I don’t think these are going to have the impact that people think they are,” said Lawrin Van Keuren, who oversees real estate investments for the money management firm controlled by the family of Fred Hayman, a founder of the luxury retailer Giorgio Beverly Hills. “We are in a wait-and-see mode.”The provision that created the funds was added to the tax law by Senator Tim Scott, Republican of South Carolina, and had been supported by Democrats and Republicans in previous legislation. It lowers capital gains taxes — potentially dramatically — for investors who finance projects in about 8,700 so-called opportunity zones spread across the 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico.Local officials selected the zones from a group of areas deemed eligible for the designation under a federal formula that factors in income and poverty levels. The federal government has not finished setting guidelines for what types of projects qualify or what information fund managers must provide to investors and to the government.The designated areas include heavily distressed tracts in cities like Detroit and Gary, Ind. But some zones are in gentrifying areas like the old downtown section of Las Vegas and parts of Long Island City, Queens, where Amazon said it would build a huge corporate campus before reversing course last week.The advent of the funds has spawned conferences around the country and has drawn interest from a variety of financial players. So far, most of the funds have focused on real estate investments. Many of the Wall Street funds are geared toward major metropolitan areas on the East and West Coasts, particularly New York City. That has fueled concern that the tax break could help regions that already enjoy substantial investment.Some impact investors — whose aim is to make money while funding projects that bring about social or economic benefits — are targeting their funds toward areas in the Southeast and industrial Midwest. And several impact investors are working with philanthropists to try to establish accountability standards for the funds that the federal government does not yet require, to address issues like the quality of jobs created in poor areas. The goal for impact investors in opportunity funds is to steer money to small businesses and other development that communities actually need, and not just to finance things that provide wealthy investors with the highest returns, like high-end hotels or condos.“I believe it really can be a great model to demonstrate the holistic, community-informed investments that can transform these distressed communities, while earning returns,” said Jim Sorenson, an entrepreneur based in Utah. Mr. Sorenson, who hosts an annual gathering of impact investors in Salt Lake City, devoted much of this year’s meeting, in February, to discussing the potential benefits of the zones. He joined several groups in announcing an effort to create a “guiding set of principles” for making such investments.Fran Seegull, the executive director of the U.S. Impact Investing Alliance and a conference attendee, emphasized the importance of laying out such principles early.“First movers will really shape the market,” Ms. Seegull said. “Those of us that care about community engagement, community solutions and metrics feel that it’s important to set the tone” for other investors.The concept of opportunity-zone funds is also captivating Wall Street. Its inclusion in the tax law was celebrated by some big technology investors seeking ways to capitalize on stock market winnings while keeping their tax bills low.The law permits an investor to roll over capital gains — proceeds from the sale of stocks or a home, for instance — into an opportunity-zone fund. The fund can then put the money in a zone by investing in, say, a condo project or affordable-housing units.An investor who keeps money in a such a fund for 10 years is able to exclude 15 percent of the original capital gain from taxation. And — potentially much more lucratively — the investor would not owe taxes on any gains that accrued if the investment increased in value in that time.Firms that have started such funds or are considering doing so include the major real estate development company Starwood Capital; EJF Capital, a hedge fund based in Arlington, Va.; and the real estate investment firm GTIS Partners. The biggest opportunity-zone fund announced so far is a $5 billion fund by CIM Group, a large real estate investment firm and property manager.The National Council of State Housing Agencies, which is tracking opportunity-zone funds, found that money managers and nonprofits had so far sought to raise over $18 billion, not including the CIM Group’s venture.This month, the real estate company Cushman & Wakefield began seeking investors for two apartment complexes planned for opportunity zones in San Juan, P.R. The company, which projects a rate of return on investment of 29 to 37 percent over five years, said it had received expressions of interest from over 100 investors.Joseph Douek, an investment manager who is also a member of the City Planning Commission in New York, hopes to raise $75 million for a new fund that will invest in housing developments in Brooklyn. Mr. Douek said he did not believe his roles as a fund manager and a planning commissioner member presented a conflict of interest. He said a conflict would arise only if a development project needed approval from the planning commission, something he did not expect he would need.Potential investors are looking beyond the coasts. McNally Capital, a Chicago investment firm backed by some heirs of the Rand McNally map company, is considering financing housing developments in the South and Midwest.One investor who has seized on the opportunity-zone-fund provision is Mr. Scaramucci, well known on Wall Street as a self-promoter who holds a glitzy annual hedge fund conference in Las Vegas. SkyBridge Capital, his investment firm, is aggressively pitching what it has billed as a $3 billion portfolio that will invest across the country.The fund, organized as a real estate investment trust, has gotten off to a rocky start. Just weeks after it was formally started in late December, it lost one of its partners, EJF Capital. Mr. Scaramucci then brought in Westport Capital Advisors, a real estate investing firm, to manage the fund. Despite the turmoil, dozens of potential investors attended a forum this month at the Manhattan offices of the law firm K&L Gates to hear Mr. Scaramucci discuss the benefits of opportunity zones.An initial marketing document for Mr. Scaramucci’s fund advertises the prospect of “meaningful social benefits” from investing in opportunity zones, including job creation and reduced poverty. It also details how a hypothetical investor could earn a return over 10 years that is triple what she would get from a similar fund that did not offer the new tax advantage.Brett Messing, SkyBridge’s president, said the projected return was “just math” that was not unique to the SkyBridge fund. He said the key to achieving that number was finding the right projects to invest in.“You’ve got to make money,” said Mr. Messing. “You have to generate gains and you have to preserve the tax benefits.”SAN FRANCISCO — Technology companies rarely make money before they go public. Twitter was unprofitable when it listed on the stock market. So were Snap, Spotify and SurveyMonkey.For Uber, the question as the ride-hailing giant prepares for a public offering is even bigger than whether it can make money. That’s because the company, the most prominent tech start-up of its generation, will set the bar for other well-known tech companies like Slack and Lyft as they also stampede toward the stock market this year.So far, Uber is not doing itself any favors on profits.The company reported on Friday that it had narrowed its net loss in the fourth quarter of 2018 from a year earlier. But excluding certain one-time items, including the sale of some of its businesses, Uber’s losses for the quarter rose 88 percent from the previous year, to $842 million.The losses were a result of Uber’s increasing its spending as it tries to outmuscle competitors, many of which have intensified their efforts to add riders and drivers. Uber has responded by offering bigger incentives and more promotions to fend off rivals like DoorDash, Lyft and other ride-hailing and food-delivery services.Uber made its financial disclosure as it hurtles toward what is set to be one of the biggest-ever public offerings by a tech company. A transportation colossus, Uber was privately valued at more than $70 billion last year, and proposals from investment bankers suggest that it could be worth as much as $120 billion after going public. The share sale will create enormous windfalls for Uber’s many investors, and for its founders and early employees.As a private company, Uber is not required to disclose financial results. But it has regularly done so over the past two years to inform investors about its business, and perhaps to keep the depth of its losses from coming as a surprise later.The latest set of figures, probably Uber’s last as a private company, will be closely scrutinized. Many investors initially give young and fast-growing tech start-ups a pass for losing money, but questions about whether such companies can ultimately be profitable eventually catch up with them. Investors criticized Twitter for racking up losses before it finally began to make money last year, and they have pushed down Snap’s share price since its public offering, partly because the company is still deeply unprofitable.In a statement, Uber’s chief financial officer, Nelson Chai, did not address the company’s losses. He said Uber had “maintained category leadership” in its ride-hailing business, and he noted other bright spots, including the company’s freight-management business and nascent e-bike and scooter program.Uber has a long history of spending large sums of money. Ride-hailing is inherently an expensive business that requires companies to expand into new markets for growth, pay to recruit drivers and lower prices to grab business away from competitors.Dara Khosrowshahi, Uber’s chief executive, has been under pressure to pare its losses, and the company has pulled out of money-losing markets like Russia and Southeast Asia.Some of the company’s losses have been overshadowed by its explosive growth. In 2018, Uber increased its total bookings — what it charges customers for rides and food delivery — to $50 billion, up 45 percent from 2017. Net revenue was $11.3 billion, a 43 percent increase.The company’s net revenue for last year’s fourth quarter was $3 billion, a 25 percent increase from a year earlier, and its gross bookings jumped 37 percent, to $14.2 billion. The company has $6.4 billion in cash, and its net loss was $865 million.But Uber’s profit margins have declined as it cut prices to match competitors and spent money on expanding its food-delivery business, Uber Eats. The margins are also smaller on Uber Eats orders because the company pays commissions to restaurants as well as delivery drivers.Uber’s self-driving car program, which will probably not yield revenue for years, continues to burn cash. The company returned its autonomous vehicles to public roads in December after a 10-month hiatus, which was prompted when one of its vehicles  fatally struck a pedestrian in Arizona.It seemed like a straightforward question: Should Houston firefighters be paid the same as the city’s police officers? Almost 60 percent of voters said yes.But now, four months after that vote in November, the mayor of Houston is threatening to lay off up to 400 firefighters to pay for the raises mandated by the ballot measure.The fight over the citizen-driven charter amendment, known as Proposition B, has exploded into what one expert called a “blood feud” between the mayor, Sylvester Turner, and the union for one of the nation’s largest fire departments, for which the proposed cut would mean about a 10 percent reduction in staff.Beyond Houston, the situation offers a stark example of the perils of ballot initiatives while providing fuel for employers who warn that higher pay will lead to job cuts.“You’ve got well-intentioned voters who wanted to give the firefighters a raise, and now you’ve got a crisis of how to pay for it,” Brandon Rottinghaus, a professor of political science at the University of Houston, said Monday. “Voters knew part of the story but maybe not the full story. You cannot describe the impact legally or financially in the space available on the ballot.”In a letter to Houstonians this month, Mr. Turner said that because no funding source was included in Proposition B and the city is required to balance its books by June 30 of each year, officials had been left with three options: Push the raise through and cut elsewhere; challenge the measure in state court; or negotiate with the union to phase in raises over multiple years. “As mayor, I have made sure the city is pursuing all three paths,” Mr. Turner said.Raising taxes isn’t an option, either. The mayor’s office has said the city cannot fund the pay increase that way because voters imposed an annual cap on tax revenue in 2004. Officials have estimated that the pay increase brought on by the ballot measure would amount to a 29 percent raise on average that would cost the city at least $100 million per year. Firefighters previously rejected a 4 percent raise and a 9.5 percent raise over three years, a spokesman for the mayor’s office said Monday.“We love and respect our firefighters and want them to be appropriately compensated,” the mayor’s letter said. “Having said that, I don’t believe the voters intended to place our city in financial turmoil, cause our credit rating to tumble and increase the costs of city debt.”The firefighters’ union, the Houston Professional Fire Fighters Association, Local 341, has called the mayor “vindictive” and questioned why, in recent years, the city has spent large sums of money on raises for the police, apparently with less concern about the budget. The union says it believes that firefighters hired after 2015 would be vulnerable to the proposed cuts, and that about a quarter of the city’s fire stations would be closed or have insufficient staffing as a result.“Mayor Sylvester Turner’s hatred of firefighters and defiance of Prop B voters will have terrible consequences for us and for the public,” the union said in a statement on Facebook. “He’s willing to destroy public safety in Houston to punish firefighter families. Houston is about to have a fire department that is below national safety standards. A world-class fire department is being destroyed from within by third-rate politicians.”One councilman, Dwight Boykins, has proposed a monthly garbage fee aimed at raising revenue that could reduce the number of layoffs, his chief of staff said. Professor Rottinghaus said there were indeed ways the city could come up with the money without raising taxes, but he noted that Mr. Turner is up for re-election and that in general, Houston residents already feel overtaxed.It is possible that the mayor’s decision to target the fire department with cuts is retaliatory, Professor Rottinghaus said. But regardless, he said, Proposition B presents “a potential fiscal nightmare” and “will lead to belt tightening across the city.”In 2017, Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase’s chief executive, declared Bitcoin a “fraud” and said that any employee caught trading it would be fired for being “stupid.”On Thursday, JPMorgan became the first major United States bank to introduce its own digital token for real-world use, the latest step in Wall Street’s evolving approach to the blockchain technology that underpins cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ether.Despite questioning Bitcoin’s legitimacy, Mr. Dimon has said he recognizes blockchain’s potential in the future of the global financial system. And JPMorgan has already released a blockchain platform, Quorum, that several institutions are using to keep track of financial data.With the announcement of its coin, JPMorgan is widening its experiment and moving to make the idea of digital currencies more palatable to its typically risk-averse corporate customers.“Clients engaged us, saying they need a way to move money onto the blockchain,” Umar Farooq, who leads JPMorgan’s blockchain efforts, said in a telephone interview.The bank’s token is unlikely to shake up the financial system anytime soon. Because it will be run by JPMorgan, it lacks the fundamental qualities that have made cryptocurrencies so radical: the freedom from middlemen and from regulatory oversight.JPMorgan will control the JPM Coin ledger, and each coin will be backed by a dollar in JPMorgan accounts, giving the coins a stable value. That means JPM Coin will not be subject to the wild price volatility that has drawn speculators to other cryptocurrencies.The bank is following in the footsteps of several smaller players that have introduced similar digital coins tied to the dollar. A consortium of European banks has been finalizing a similar product, Utility Settlement Coin, that would make it possible to move money between banks more quickly. Several cryptocurrency exchanges already have their own so-called stablecoins.JPMorgan’s version will be less useful than other similar products because it will not be possible to move it outside the firm’s own systems, at least initially. What’s more, it is still just being tested and is not available to clients yet.But the entry of a major Wall Street bank into the market shows the mundane ways in which cryptocurrency technology has begun to gain traction in the traditional financial system a year after the prices of Bitcoin and other digital tokens crashed in spectacular fashion.The firm said it began working last year on what became JPM Coin to help its big customers, including major corporations and other banks, move money quickly and securely. (JPMorgan says it provides banking services for about 80 percent of Fortune 500 companies.)Essentially, when customers want to move dollars using the bank’s blockchain system, money in their JPMorgan accounts will be converted into JPM Coins, each one backed by a dollar in JPMorgan’s accounts.The token will be able to move nearly instantaneously on the coin’s ledger, which will initially be based on JPMorgan’s Quorum blockchain. Once transfers are competed, the coins can be converted back to dollars.The advantage of such a token, Mr. Farooq said, is speed. Clients that want to move huge sums of money would traditionally need to do so via wire transfer, a process that could take hours or even days. With international transfers, changes in currency exchange rates during the long lag times could end up adding to customers’ costs.Mr. Farooq said JPMorgan’s offering would be useful for big clients, but not for the smaller speculators who have typically taken an interest in cryptocurrencies.“This is designed specifically for institutional use cases on blockchain,” he said. “It’s not created to be for public investment.”Skeptics questioned why a blockchain ledger was necessary to move money between JPMorgan bank accounts.“JPMorgan’s choice to issue a stablecoin on a closed blockchain is not a new concept,” said Lawson Baker, the founder of Relayzero, a fund that invests in blockchain projects. “It is very similar to corporations’ desires to launch intranets as competition to the open internet system in the 1990s.”Generally, blockchains are employed when companies want to move data or money between institutions that might otherwise have trouble reconciling accounts. Blockchain technology allows multiple computers to keep a shared set of records.JPMorgan said it hoped to increase its coin’s versatility. Over time, for instance, it could be expanded to represent currencies beyond the dollar. First, though, the testing phase must be competed.After that, JPMorgan plans to work with regulators to gain permission for broader uses of JPM Coin. That process could take at least several months, Mr. Farooq said.BOSTON — The Latest on the case against prominent parents and athletic coaches charged in a sweeping college bribery scam (all times local):3 p.m.Attorneys for a group of parents charged in the college admissions bribery scandal are accusing prosecutors of manipulating the legal process to get the case in front of the judge of their choice.The defense lawyers criticized prosecutors Tuesday for adding their clients to an indictment that has already been assigned to Judge Nathaniel Gorton.The lawyers say the move is a "clear form of judge shopping" in a letter to Chief Judge Patti Saris.They want their clients' case randomly assigned to a judge to "stamp out any perception" that prosecutors evaded the standard judge-picking process.Saris has asked the U.S. attorney's office to respond to the lawyer's letter.The parents were indicted Tuesday on money laundering and mail fraud conspiracy charges.___1:45 p.m.Actress Lori Loughlin and her fashion designer husband, Mossimo Giannulli, have been hit with a new charge in the sweeping college admissions bribery case.Loughlin and Giannulli were among 16 prominent parents indicted Tuesday on a charge of money laundering conspiracy.The parents were arrested last month on a single charge of conspiracy to commit mail fraud and honest services mail fraud.Loughlin and Giannulli are accused of paying $500,000 in bribes to get their daughters admitted to the University of Southern California as crew team recruits, even though neither of them played the sport.They have not publicly commented on the allegations.The new charges come a day after fellow actress Felicity Huffman and a dozen other parents announced they would plead guilty to the scam .Two women whose parents say they are being held in emotional and sexual captivity by the R&B singer R. Kelly vociferously defended the musician in an interview that aired on Thursday, claiming that their parents are blackmailing him and just out for money.Azriel Clary, 21, and Joycelyn Savage, 23, told Gayle King of “CBS This Morning” that they were “absolutely” in love with Mr. Kelly, 52, who was charged last month in Chicago with 10 counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse involving four women, three of whom were minors at the time.Beyond his criminal case, Mr. Kelly also has been accused of harboring a so-called sex cult, in which he abused women and controlled every aspect of their lives, including when they can go to the bathroom.The interview with Ms. Clary and Ms. Savage, who have stood by Mr. Kelly in court, seemed unlikely to settle questions about what exactly goes on in the singer’s home. While the women’s parents say they are brainwashed and much of the world now sees Mr. Kelly as an unrelenting sexual predator, who has been trailed for decades by accusations of abuse and sex with underage girls, Ms. Clary and Ms. Savage lashed out at their families and said they were happy as Mr. Kelly’s girlfriends.The interview followed the airing on Wednesday of a heated conversation between Mr. Kelly and Ms. King of CBS, in which the singer denied all of the accusations against him. “I have been assassinated,” said Mr. Kelly, who was sometimes shouting, swearing and in tears. He has pleaded not guilty to all charges.Ms. King said that Mr. Kelly had agreed not to be present for the interview with Ms. Clary and Ms. Savage, but that he entered the room behind them after it began. Ms. King said Mr. Kelly would “cough very loudly,” and that the women were “certainly aware that he was there.”Mr. Kelly, who had been out on bond since last week,  was sent back to jail Wednesday night for his failure to pay his ex-wife more than $160,000 in child support. The Detroit Police Department also said on Wednesday that it was investigating allegations that Mr. Kelly had sex with a 13-year-old girl there in 2001. “We have reached out, at the direction of the victim, to her lawyer and we are eagerly waiting to speak to her,” James Craig, the Detroit police chief, said in a statement, adding that they had not yet made contact with her.Ms. Clary said she met Mr. Kelly at one of his concerts when she was 17. “When I first met Robert, my parents told me to lie about my age,” she said. “He thought that I was 18.”ImageR. Kelly’s booking photo after he was jailed for failure to pay child support.CreditCook County Sheriff’s OfficeShe denied having sex with Mr. Kelly while underage, but said her parents had encouraged her “to take photos with him, sexual videos with him” in case “they ever have to blackmail him.”“What they’re doing right now is all for money,” Ms. Clary added. “If you can’t see that, you’re ignorant, and you’re stupid,” she said, adding expletives.Ms. Savage, who met Mr. Kelly when she was 19, backed up Ms. Clary’s version of events. Her parents were “just out here trying to get money and scam, because they didn’t agree on what happened with music,” Ms. Savage said.Both women’s parents have said their daughters were aspiring singers seeking Mr. Kelly’s guidance in music. Ms. Clary and Ms. Savage denied that they wanted to pursue music careers.Their parents, in statements on Thursday through their lawyers, denied ever having asked Mr. Kelly for money. “Sadly, like so many girls before them,” the Clarys said, “Azriel and Joycelyn Savage have been manipulated and convinced by Kelly to lie to protect him from serious criminal charges.”The day before, at a news conference in Atlanta, Ms. Savage’s father, Timothy, said “the only thing we want to do is hear from our daughter and know she’s fine.”Later, the Savage family received what it said was its first call from Joycelyn in two years. “You know that I’m happy,” she could be heard telling them. “You know exactly where I’m at.”Timothy Savage and his wife, Jonjelyn, first spoke out publicly about their daughter’s relationship with Mr. Kelly in a 2017 Buzzfeed article about the women living with the R&B star. The Savages later appeared in the Lifetime documentary “Surviving R. Kelly,” which aired in January and led to renewed law-enforcement interest in the allegations against Mr. Kelly.The Savages said they had told the F.B.I., as well as the police in Georgia and Illinois, that Joycelyn was “being held against her will” by Mr. Kelly. Representatives for the singer said at the time that the authorities in Atlanta and Chicago had “made ‘wellness’ visits to check on the women in question and have found nothing to cause alarm.”In January, a man identified as a manager for Mr. Kelly, Henry James Mason, was arrested and charged with making violent threats against Mr. Savage; Mr. Mason denied the charges and said that he had in fact tried to re-establish a connection between Joycelyn and her family. Mr. Savage said he had also been threatened by another associate of Mr. Kelly’s — who said he could “ruin him, his reputation, business and family” — before the Lifetime documentary aired.Mr. Kelly, in his interview, had told Ms. King that he loved the women. “We have a relationship; it’s real,” he said. “I’ve known guys all my life that have five or six women, O.K. So don’t go there on me.”He added that he had no reason to hold the women captive. “Why would I?” Mr. Kelly said. “How stupid would it be for me, with my crazy past and what I’ve been through — oh, right now I just think I need to be a monster, hold girls against their will, chain them up in my basement, and don’t let them eat, don’t let them out!”CBS said it would air more from the interviews with Mr. Kelly and the two women in a prime time special on Friday.WASHINGTON — Democratic presidential candidate Elizabeth Warren is proposing a new tax on corporate profits that's designed to prevent business giants from taking advantage of the existing tax code to effectively pay a zero rate.The 7% tax on corporate profits above $100 million is the latest in a series of ambitious policy proposals from the Massachusetts senator. It's in line with her broader push to rein in such industries as the financial sector and technology firms .Her campaign estimates the proposal would hit roughly 1,200 firms. Those corporations would pay the tax on top of any liability under current tax rules, which, as Warren said in a Thursday blog post on her plan, is necessary because "our corporate tax code is so littered with loopholes that simply raising the regular corporate tax rate alone is not enough."Dubbing her pitch "the Real Corporate Profits Tax," Warren wrote: "It will make our biggest and most profitable corporations pay more and ensure that none of them can ever make billions and pay zero taxes again."The proposal would raise about $1 trillion of new revenue over 10 years, according to economists advising Warren's campaign. She didn't specify what that money would pay for. The new tax would be imposed on corporations' total profits in the U.S. and overseas.The so-called wealth tax Warren proposed in January on about 75,000 of the nation's highest-earning households would raise an estimated $2.75 trillion over 10 years, money that she later said would go partly toward creating a government-supported universal child care program.Warren also is billing the new corporate tax as a way to boost smaller businesses and aid competition with behemoths that may currently pay lower effective tax rates, particularly following the 2017 Republican tax overhaul , which lowered the corporate rate from 35% to 21%. She specifically cited Amazon on Thursday as an example of a major corporation that has reported paying zero corporate income tax. The company pushed back on that in a statement."Amazon pays all the taxes we are required to pay in the U.S. and every country where we operate," the company said: "Corporate tax is based on profits, not revenues, and our profits remain modest given retail is a highly competitive, low-margin business and our continued heavy investment."Other Democratic presidential candidates have offered proposals designed to address individual income inequality, such as California Sen. Kamala Harris' plan for a lower- and middle-income tax credit and New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker's plan to endow savings accounts for all children. Warren's latest idea, however, is unique as a foray into new corporate taxation policy.Meanwhile, Warren reported on Wednesday that her campaign raised $6 million in the first quarter of the year, surpassing expectations but still lagging far behind the money raised by Harris and Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders .Warren, a former Harvard University law professor, made a name for herself a decade ago with calls for greater consumer protections, which led to the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under then-President Barack Obama.They work just as hard as men for less pay.When they complain, they are told they need to generate as much money as men do if they want to get paid as much as men are paid. When they say that’s essentially impossible without more opportunities and promotion, they are told opportunity and promotion will happen once they start producing more money.This is the narrative at the heart of the gender discrimination lawsuit the United States women’s national soccer team filed on Friday against U.S. Soccer, but in nearly every sport, gender disparities in pay and working conditions are rampant.Coming just three months before the start of the Women’s World Cup, the litigation immediately became the central plotline for the event and brought to the fore an issue that has increasingly rankled the sports world.[Eight times women in sports fought for equality.]In golf last year, the world’s top-ranked woman earned as much as the 33rd-best man. The United States women’s hockey team expected to have a victory tour after winning gold at the Pyeongchang Olympics last year. It didn’t happen. The N.B.A. minimum salary of $1.35 million for a player with one year of experience is higher than the salary cap for an entire W.N.B.A. roster.“Unless the origin of the sport is anchored in women, like gymnastics or field hockey, I don’t think there’s a culture that starts with the premise: Women are going to be treated equally, or, we’re going to make up for the historical discrimination against women and make sure we’re going where we need to go,” said Donna Lopiano, a sports management consultant and former University of Texas athletics administrator, referring to both the national governing boards and to college sports.According to the national women’s team’s suit against U.S. Soccer, differing systems of compensation for the men’s and women’s teams have led to the women repeatedly earning less than their male counterparts, even though the women are defending champions and the men failed to qualify for the 2018 World Cup.Supporters of women’s sports praised the soccer team on Friday for taking a stand and trying to force the powers that be to address its complaints.“College sports has a great statute called Title IX,” said Nancy Hogshead-Makar, the chief executive of the advocacy group Champion Women.“What it takes, though,” she added, “is 18- to 22-year-olds speaking up, because the adults in the room have abdicated that role of ensuring gender equity.”Title IX — the 1972 landmark federal law mandating gender equity in higher education, including college sports — is nearly 50 years old. But advocates say that many universities fall short of the statute’s requirement that athletic opportunities must correlate with the overall student population. Both the college sports establishment and the federal government have evinced little interest in enforcing that requirement strictly.Advocates say that the N.C.A.A. and its members have not sufficiently prioritized increasing funding for women’s sports.“If sports are being dropped, the money isn’t going to women’s sports — it’s going to the arms race in football and men’s basketball,” Lopiano said. “The culture is football and men’s basketball first. Boys first. Women are still at the back of the bus.”Amy Wilson, the N.C.A.A. managing director of inclusion, said the N.C.A.A.’s member colleges, which create most policy, had no plans to further enforce Title IX to make up for the federal government’s failure to act.“The thinking is, we’re here to run an organization with rules for our sports,” Wilson said.A major challenge for female athletes has been to come up with a response to the argument that women deserve less money because their sports produce less money.Andrew Zimbalist, a sports economist at Smith College, said that those who cling to a free-market argument fail to note the artificial advantages that men’s sports have long enjoyed. Men in the major team sports play in leagues that are monopolies, and have benefited from tens of millions of dollars in public subsidies that have helped finance and promote their endeavors.“While the revenue disparity is a major component of this, it’s partly a result of the lack of promotion women have received,” Zimbalist said. “There is a lot of historical and cultural baggage to all of this.”GolfFor all the gains that women have made in golf — the increase in playing opportunities in college and the integration of formerly all-male private clubs — the disparity in purses between the women of the L.P.G.A. Tour and the men of the PGA Tour continues to be striking.In 2018, the women’s leading money winner, Ariya Jutanugarn, won three events, including the United States Women’s Open, and posted 17 top-10 finishes in 28 starts. Her on-course earnings of $2,743,949 were surpassed by 33 players on the PGA Tour, led by Justin Thomas’s $8,694,821. Chesson Hadley, who ranked 33rd, did not record a victory and had seven top-10s in 30 starts on his way to $2,768,863. (The 33rd-ranked L.P.G.A. player, by comparison, earned $626,263.)In 2016, the L.P.G.A. and PGA Tour formed a partnership with the stated aim of creating joint marketing programs and events and coordinating schedules. The alliance apparently does not cover certain fees that fall under the T.P.C. Network, which is part of the PGA Tour.Brittany Lincicome, a two-time major champion, said that when she chooses to practice at T.P.C. Tampa Bay near her home she is required to pay cart fees. Card-carrying members of the PGA Tour incur no such fees.What bothers Lincicome is not the fee per se, “but the principle of it,” she said. “I’m a well-known L.P.G.A. player.”HockeyTwo years ago, the future looked brighter for the United States women’s hockey team. Like the women’s soccer team, the hockey players were dominant in their sport internationally and far exceeded the achievements of the men’s national team.After threatening to boycott the world championship tournament in 2017 in Plymouth Township, Mich., amid contract negotiations with U.S.A. Hockey for a living wage and more playing opportunities, the women’s team reached a deal that paid each player about $71,000 annually. That was a vast increase over the less than $10,000 that some of them had been making. The deal also provided the female players with travel and insurance provisions that equaled what the men’s national team received.But the support for girls and women’s hockey that U.S.A. Hockey also promised then has been slow to develop. There are no women on U.S.A. Hockey’s marketing council. The Women’s High Performance Advisory Group, which was created in the 2017 deal, has only recently begun to have meaningful dialogue.After earning the gold medal at the 2018 Olympics with a dramatic shootout victory over Canada, its archrival, the women’s team embarked on a weeklong national media tour, visiting talk shows and N.H.L. games. But its post-Olympic exhibition tour never materialized. And there are currently no women’s player jerseys or jerseys in women’s sizes available at U.S.A. Hockey’s online stores.“From a marketing standpoint, is it a huge missed opportunity?” Hilary Knight, the team’s star forward, said late last year. “Probably. We sort of disappeared from the summer.”TennisIn tennis, women have pulled closer to pay equality than in any other major sport, with equal pay on the sport’s biggest stages. Tennis players routinely dominate lists of the highest-paid female athletes. But a closer look at the scoreboard each year would still show, “Advantage: Men.”The four Grand Slam events and three other large tournaments — Indian Wells, Calif.; the Miami Open; and the Madrid Open — offer equal prize money to men and women, but women in the top 100 generally make only about 80 percent of the prize money their male counterparts make, because of lower pay at other tournaments.At the Australian Open, Serena Williams spoke of how she talks often about equality on the different boards she sits on outside the sport. “Bringing that into tennis, as well, is something that’s superimportant. The only way to do it is to talk about it and to be open about it, have these conversations that aren’t necessarily comfortable.”BasketballThe biggest unresolved question in terms of how women are compensated for playing basketball right now is in the W.N.B.A., where the league and the players’ union are engaged in negotiations over a new collective bargaining agreement.Erin Kane, an agent with Octagon who represents Kristi Toliver, Elena Delle Donne and other W.N.B.A. players, said players were largely satisfied with how U.S.A. Basketball treated them.“What the U.S.W.N.T. is doing is timely and inspiring,” Kane said of the soccer lawsuit. “When it comes to money, change is always a fight.”W.N.B.A. players, many of whom play overseas in their off-season to earn more money, are pushing for quality training resources that are consistent across the league and on a par with the N.B.A.Adam Silver, the N.B.A. commissioner, said the league’s compensation system is dependent on its revenues. “We want nothing more than for W.N.B.A. players to receive the recognition they deserve for being world-class athletes,” he said. “And as we work with the W.N.B.P.A. to improve the economics of the league, we also challenge the broader basketball and sports community to support the W.N.B.A. and its athletes.”Chiney Ogwumike, a member of the union’s executive committee, said that for too long W.N.B.A. players have been told to be grateful for what they have.“Our goal is to educate people to respect the fact that we too are the best of the best at what we do,” she said.How do New York Times journalists use technology in their jobs and in their personal lives? Tara Siegel Bernard, a personal finance reporter, discussed the tech she’s using.What are your most important tech tools for tracking budgets?This may sound strange coming from a personal finance reporter, but I’m not a big fan of traditional budgets — I don’t think they work. I try to keep my own spending in check by taking the reverse approach. Instead of tracking every dollar, I focus on what we need to save for: retirement, college or some other goal. After you’ve automated your savings goals and created a bit of a cushion for emergencies, you’re freer to spend without thinking too hard or feeling too guilty. It’s an imperfect system, but it’s better than a failed budget. That method won’t necessarily work in all situations, especially if you need to tackle debt or establish a stricter spending plan in retirement. And everyone can benefit from tracking personal spending, even if you do it only for a few months or check in only every quarter.Mint has been around for a while, but it is still a solid way to take stock of where all of your money is going and whether your net worth is moving in the right direction. It also allows you to create a budget, and alerts you when you’ve spent too much. I use it infrequently, and there’s usually at least one kink I need to work out whenever I log in; most recently, it counted all of my retirement accounts twice, which was kind of cruel. Personal Capital, an investment advisory service, also has a robust free tool that tracks your spending, cash flow and retirement goals all in one place with minimal effort.For people who want a more proactive approach to spending and whittling down debt, there’s You Need a Budget. I’ve come across many people in my reporting who have attested that it’s life-changing.Which basic tools would you recommend for people to increase their savings and investments?It’s not so much a tool but a technology: automation. After you’ve settled on a low-cost investment provider such as Vanguard, automation is the surest way to set yourself up for success. Automate as much as you can — your Roth I.R.A. contributions, your kids’ 529 college savings accounts. If you have an employer-provided retirement plan like a 401(k), see if it will allow you to automatically increase the percentage you’re saving each year. If not, set a date in your electronic calendar to remind you to revisit all of those amounts annually.I also like the little revolution that the roboadvisers have started. They lean heavily on technology to help invest and manage your money, though more of them are increasingly integrating human advisers. Betterment and Wealthfront have free tools that will let you play with various goals and savings amounts to see how long it will take you to save what you need. What money apps do you recommend for the younger set?I have a 2-year-old daughter and a 6-year-old son, who recently started asking me questions about how credit cards work and how much money we earn. Another day, we were in a bookstore and he wanted me to buy four new Dog Man and Captain Underpants books. All of this happened within a couple of weeks, so I took that as a cue. There are a ton of money apps for children and teenagers, but I was hoping to find something to help him focus on developing patience and delaying gratification. Today, bags of groceries magically appear on our doorstep without any visible transaction. If we need something, we can just press a button — as adults, we’re a month removed from any consequences, and children are often completely unaware that there was any exchange at all. Stuff just arrives when you want it.To help acquaint my son with the reality of how all of this works, I decided to pay him an allowance of $5 a week. Instead of putting it in physical “save, spend and give” jars, he’s tracking the same categories on an iPad. I scanned a few different apps, but the simplicity of PiggyBot seemed well suited for younger children. He immediately set a goal to buy two of those books — but he’s going to have to wait nine weeks to get them. (I also told him that we could just go to the library.)Outside your job, what tech product are you currently obsessed with? I live a pretty low-tech life. We listen to music through Sonos and watch television through a four-year-old Roku device, though we haven’t entirely cut the cord because my husband is a soccer fan. I did recently learn that we can hand in our cable box and pay a little less, while keeping access to cable channels through Roku, though you lose the ability to record.There are also several apps that I use daily or weekly. I always have roughly five dozen tabs open on my computer screen, as well as stories I come across on Twitter that I want to read later. To minimize the clutter, I save everything to the Pocket app, which I’ll read on my commute. I also keep a to-do list on the iPhone “reminders” app.I also love Ink and Postagram for turning my children’s photos into cards for relatives, all from my aging iPhone 6s, which has started to shut down in the cold. I have a long wish list of apps, but I really want more sophisticated tools that would help us become smarter consumers. I want to enter a product name into an app so it can assure me that we’re not feeding our children weed killer in their oatmeal.Lots of web writers talk about the so-called FIRE, which stands for “financial independence, retire early.” People are retiring as early as their 30s. What do you think about this movement?We can all learn something from folks like Mr. Money Mustache, who is credited with popularizing the idea of hyper-frugal, anti-consumerist living and saving a significant chunk of your salary so you can either retire early or pursue more rewarding work. But the movement started with a lot of technology workers — and it’s a lot easier to save half your salary when you’re a well-paid software engineer with health insurance and no debt. Sure, these folks had to exercise discipline and restraint. But they had the luxury of exercising that discipline; there are so many people living on much less and struggling to pay for health insurance, rent, child care and student loans or to keep full-time jobs with chronic conditions. It also raises a lot of questions: How do they pay for health care? Will the money really last as long as they need it? A lot of research shows a portfolio may last around 30 years if you withdraw 4 percent of the initial retirement portfolio balance, and then adjust that dollar amount for inflation annually. So when you start looking at longer time horizons — or a 50-year or 60-year retirement — it’s increasingly possible to run out of money if you don’t make adjustments.  But it’s easy to see why so many people find the movement intriguing and why it has become such a popular story line. You can’t help but wonder what it took to achieve financial security so early, so you click and hope to learn something. So far, Donald Trump has passed only one significant piece of legislation: the 2017 tax cut. It was, to be fair, a pretty big deal: corporations, the principal beneficiaries, have already saved more than $150 billion, and over the course of a decade the tax cut will probably increase the budget deficit by more than $2 trillion.But the tax cut was supposed to do more than just give stockholders more money — or at least that’s what its proponents claimed. It was also supposed to lead to many years of high economic growth, 3 percent or more at an annual rate.Independent observers were skeptical, to say the least. They conceded that the tax cut might lead to a brief sugar high, because that’s what big deficits do. But any favorable effects on growth, they argued, would soon fade out. And they always insisted that it would take some time to assess the tax cut’s actual effects.Nonetheless, when the economy grew pretty fast in the second quarter of last year, Trump and his supporters cried vindication, and ridiculed the critics.But a bit of time has passed since then. The chart shows the U.S. economy’s growth rate by quarter since the beginning of 2018. The last number isn’t official; but there are a number of independent observers, including both Federal Reserve banks and private financial institutions, who produce “nowcasts” that estimate growth based on early data. At this point all of these nowcasts show slowing growth, and most put the first quarter at around 1.5 percent.So do the results so far look like the huge, sustained boom the Trump camp promised, or the brief sugar high predicted by the critics?But Donald Trump is a special kind of leader. When things don’t go his way, when events fail to turn out as he planned and promised, he always knows exactly what to do: Blame someone else. Sure enough, he’s now asserting that we’d be having a yuge economic boom, 3 percent growth, all that, if only the Federal Reserve hadn’t raised interest rates.O. K., this is where you need to be able to hold two ideas in your head at the same time. Was the Fed wrong to raise rates? Probably yes. Does this account for the failure of the Trump tax cut? No.The Fed was clearly overoptimistic about the economy’s prospects, as it has pretty consistently been for the past decade. It’s worth noting that throughout that whole period conservative critics of the Fed — the same people now backing Trump — attacked the institution for keeping interest rates too low, not too high. Still, it’s now clear that the attempt to normalize monetary policy was premature.But the Fed’s premature rate hikes aren’t why the Trump tax cut is failing. How do we know that? Because all those boasts about why the tax cut would work miracles were based on a specific story about what is holding the U.S. economy back. And that story was and is all wrong.The Trumpist theory — which was, I’m sorry to say, endorsed by conservative economists who should have known better — was that there was a huge pile of money sitting outside the U.S. that companies would bring back and invest productively if given the incentive of lower tax rates. But that pile of money was an accounting fiction. And the tax cut didn’t give corporations an incentive to build new factories and so on; all it did was induce them to shift their tax-avoidance strategies.As Brad Setser of the Council on Foreign Relations points out, a casual glance at the data seems to suggest that American companies earn a lot of their profits at their overseas subsidiaries. But a closer look shows that the bulk of these reported profits are in a handful of small countries with low or zero tax rates, like Bermuda, Luxembourg and Ireland. The companies obviously aren’t earning huge profits in these tiny economies; they’re just using accounting gimmicks to assign profits earned elsewhere to subsidiaries that may have a few factories, but sometimes consist of little more than a small office, or even just a post-office box.These basically phony profits then accumulate on the books of the overseas subsidiaries, rather than the home company. But this doesn’t affect their ability to invest in America: if Apple wants to spend a billion dollars here, it can always borrow the money using the assets of its Irish subsidiary as collateral. In other words, U.S. taxes weren’t having any significant effect in deterring real investment in the U.S. economy.When Trump cut the tax rate, some companies “brought money home.” But for the most part this had no economic significance. Here’s how it works: Apple Ireland transfers some of its assets to Apple U.S.A. Officially, Apple Ireland has reduced its investment spending, while paying a dividend to U.S. investors. In reality, Apple as an entity has the same total profits and the same total assets it did before; it hasn’t devoted a single additional dollar to purchases of equipment, R&D, or anything else for its U.S. operations.Not surprisingly, then, the investment boom Trump economists promised has never materialized. Companies didn’t use their tax breaks to invest more; mainly they used them to buy back their own stock. This in turn, put more money in the hands of investors, which gave the economy a temporary boost — although for 2018 as a whole, one of the biggest drivers of faster growth was, believe it or not, higher government spending.So the theory supposedly behind the Trump tax cut has turned out to be a complete bust. Corporate accountants got to have some fun exploring new frontiers in tax avoidance; the rest of us just ended up saddled with an extra $2 trillion or so in debt.Now, I’m not deeply worried about that debt. Given low borrowing costs, the costs and risks of federal debt are far less than the usual suspects — again, the same people who cheered on the Trump tax cut — have claimed. But think of all the other things we could have done with $2 trillion — all the infrastructure we could have built and repaired, all the people who could have been given essential health care.What a colossal, corrupt waste.The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips. And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com.Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook, Twitter (@NYTopinion) and Instagram.“It is Lawyer 101: You do not steal your client’s money.”NICOLA T. HANNA, a United States attorney, describing the lawyer Michael Avenatti’s business as a Ponzi scheme of sorts as she announced new charges that could mean more than 300 years in prison.(Reuters) - Michael Avenatti, the combative lawyer known for his battles with U.S. President Donald Trump, was indicted on charges of defrauding clients, including allegations that he withheld a multimillion-dollar settlement he won for a paraplegic man, prosecutors said on Thursday.The indictment came about three weeks after Avenatti, who gained national fame for representing adult film star Stormy Daniels in her litigation against Trump, was arrested in New York on separate criminal complaints filed by federal prosecutors in New York and California.Federal prosecutors in California announced the indictment after a grand jury found late on Wednesday that there was probable cause to pursue charges against Avenatti. The 48-year-old lawyer, a Los Angeles resident, said he planned to fight the charges and plead not guilty."I look forward to the entire truth being known as opposed to a one-sided version meant to sideline me," Avenatti, who is free on a $300,000 bond, wrote on Twitter on Thursday. The federal complaint in California charges Avenatti with 10 counts of wire fraud, accusing him of misusing more than $12 million he received on behalf of clients following settlements and other negotiations. "Money generated from one set of crimes was used to further other crimes, typically in the form of payments designed to string along victims so as to prevent Mr. Avenatti's financial house of cards from collapsing," Nicola Hanna, the U.S. attorney for California's Central District, said at a news conference in Los Angeles.Avenatti became a prominent critic of Trump and a frequent guest on cable television news while representing Daniels, whose real name is Stephanie Clifford. She sued the president over a nondisclosure agreement that in the weeks before the 2016 U.S. presidential election kept her from discussing her claims that she and Trump had an extramarital affair 10 years earlier. Prosecutors say Avenatti misled clients and misused their funds to pay personal and legal expenses, finance a coffee shop business he also ran, and pay for his share of a Honda private jet, according to the indictment. Federal authorities seized the jet on Wednesday, prosecutors said. In one case, prosecutors said that Avenatti concealed a $4 million settlement won by a client in 2015 from Los Angeles County after he became paraplegic in an unspecified incident, instead giving the man periodic advances of $1,900 and paying the rent at his assisted living facility.The client, referred to only as "Client 1" in the indictment, was identified as Geoffrey Johnson by his lawyer, Joshua Robbins. On Thursday, Avenatti said on Twitter that the accusation that he had mishandled clients' money was "bogus nonsense" and posted an undated testimonial signed by Johnson that praised him as an "exceptional, honest and ethical attorney." Johnson no longer stood by that statement, his lawyer said."It was signed before he was aware of the fraud," Robbins said in an interview, adding that Avenatti lied to Johnson in order to get him to sign the testimonial in March, shortly before Avenatti's arrest. Lawyers for Avenatti did not immediately return calls for comment on the statement.According to the indictment, Johnson's efforts to buy a house failed because Avenatti withheld the settlement money, and Avenatti lied to the U.S. Social Security Administration about the settlement to conceal the embezzlement, leading the agency to cut off Johnson's benefits. TAX CRIMESThe indictment also accuses Avenatti of various tax crimes. He is accused of failing to file personal tax returns since 2010 and to pay $3.2 million in payroll taxes on his coffee business, even though he withheld some portion of this money from employee paychecks.The indictment said he defrauded a Mississippi bank of $4.1 million in loans by submitting false tax returns for 2011 to 2013 that inflated his income.The most serious bank fraud charges carry a maximum sentence of 30 years per count, prosecutors said. Federal sentencing guidelines typically call for defendants to serve less than the maximum time.The New York prosecutors have separately accused Avenatti of trying to blackmail athletic wear maker Nike Inc for more than $20 million.Daniels, who replaced Avenatti as her lawyer last month, has said she was "saddened but not shocked" by his arrest. (Reporting by Jonathan Allen; Additional reporting by Brendan Pierson, Gina Cherelus, Gabriella Borter and Daniel Wallis; editing by Frank McGurty and Leslie Adler)WASHINGTON — The Senate on Monday blocked billions of dollars in disaster aid for states across the country as Republicans and Democrats clashed over President Trump’s opposition to sending more food and infrastructure help to Puerto Rico.Opposition came from both parties for different reasons. Most Republicans refused to endorse a recovery bill passed this year by the House. They cited Mr. Trump’s opposition to the bill’s Puerto Rico funding, as well as their own concerns that the bill lacked money for Midwestern states, like Iowa and Nebraska, that have since been devastated by flooding and tornadoes.For their part, Democrats balked at a separate measure drafted by Senate Republicans that included the money for the Midwest, arguing that a proposed $600 million in nutritional assistance for Puerto Rico was not enough. The Republican legislation had no chance in the House.The votes on both measures were procedural and needed support from 60 senators to advance to a full floor vote. Neither won the support required. It was unclear late Monday how lawmakers would overcome that impasse and end the delay in disbursing the disaster aid.The effort begins anew on Tuesday, when Senate Democrats will propose a measure that would allocate billions of dollars that would help Iowa and Nebraska, as well as Puerto Rico, according to a Senate Democratic aide.Mr. Trump has been pressuring Democrats to support a disaster relief measure that does not include the money they want for Puerto Rico, and he went on the attack late Monday on Twitter.“The Democrats today killed a Bill that would have provided great relief to Farmers and yet more money to Puerto Rico despite the fact that Puerto Rico has already been scheduled to receive more hurricane relief funding than any ‘place’ in history,” he tweeted.Puerto Ricans “are great,” he added, but “their government can’t do anything right, the place is a mess - nothing works.”Varying forms of recovery legislation have been in limbo since December, when an initial version was tacked on to legislation that could have prevented the 35-day government shutdown. And while the House passed a relief package in January, it was ultimately left out of the compromise measure that reopened the government.Some lawmakers were optimistic that a resolution could be found quickly. Democrats in both chambers have pushed for a select group of lawmakers to draft legislation that borrows from both measures.“I’m sure we’ll start talking again,” said Senator Richard C. Shelby, Republican of Alabama and the chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee. He compared the negotiating process to a three-legged stool: “You’ve got the House, you’ve got the Senate and the presidency.”“We’re hopefully at a point where we can get some serious negotiations going,” he said.Still, senators from both parties tried to used the disaster relief votes to their political advantage.Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, said that “tonight, my colleagues had the opportunity to choose action over obstruction.”“Shamefully,” he added, “Senate Democrats said no.”Senator Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, said in a statement that “Congress used to set politics aside after major disasters and help victims in their time of need — partisan infighting won’t rebuild a single home or school.”Even Puerto Rican politicians could not agree on which of the measures to support. Gov. Ricardo A. Rosselló, a Democrat, urged lawmakers to endorse the House legislation. But Representative Jenniffer González-Colón, a Republican, spoke out in favor of the Senate measure. Ms. González-Colón is the island’s sole representative in Congress, but she cannot vote.Even before the votes on Monday, Republicans had tried to turn disaster relief into a 2020 presidential campaign issue.“To my colleagues across the aisle who have been spending a lot of time in Iowa lately as presidential candidates,” Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, said on the Senate floor, “how are you going to look Iowans in the eye and justify a vote against moving this disaster relief bill ahead?”Democrats have sought to frame Republican opposition as a slight against Puerto Rico.“Nutrition assistance is not enough — Puerto Rico needs to rebuild,” said Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, the ranking member on the Senate Appropriations Committee.Private equity offers the promise of exclusive deals, outsize returns and enviable cocktail parties.But as seductive as these investments are, they can trap investors with onerous restrictions like high capital requirements and longtime commitments.Simply put, private equity is an investment in an asset that is not traded on a public stock market. It’s a catchall term that also includes debt, real estate and various esoteric forms of financing — all of which have different expectations and risks.The high returns offered by these private equity funds, and the minimal regulatory oversight, draw investors with deep pockets, like pension funds and wealthy individuals, who can meet the minimum investment requirement. The downsides are that the fees are high and the money is typically locked in for at least four to seven years.That has not stopped the industry from growing. Private market fund-raising rose nearly 4 percent globally in 2017 to $748 billion, according to a review by McKinsey & Company. That year, the private equity firm Apollo Global Management raised a record $24.6 billion for its ninth fund.But investors must understand the risks. Private equity investments are less liquid than public market securities, for starters, which makes them harder to cash out in a market downturn. And investors may be required to put in money later, an agreement known as a capital call.“You always have to think about the margin for safety,” regardless of the type of investment, said Tony Roth, chief investment officer at Wilmington Trust. “What happens if it doesn’t turn out the way you’re thinking?”This is the fourth in a five-part series looking at highly desirable assets that can deliver great returns but can also become burdens when owners need to offload them quickly. Previous columns have looked at art, cars and collectibles.Private equity is different from the other types in this series because it is a financial investment, not a tangible asset. You can’t hang it on your wall, park it in your garage or serve it with dinner. But it has a cachet from the past successes of other investors, and the high barrier to entry creates an air of intrigue.The first step to making a private investment is understanding the pitch. After all, there are some 7,000 private investment managers across the globe.Determining the skill of the manager is important, so do your homework. Andrea Auerbach, global head of private investments at Cambridge Associates, a consultant and an adviser, said picking an average manager could affect your bottom line.The difference in returns between public equity managers who are in the middle of the pack and top performers was less than three percentage points, she said. But when it came to private equity, the difference in returns between mediocre and top managers was 21 points.A second step is spreading money across funds raised in different years, not just with different strategies. For instance, funds raised in the years before the recession made most of their investments when the market was at a peak, so they consequently performed worse than those that raised money in the years right after the downturn, when asset values were lower.A bigger problem for investors in 2008, though, was that private equity firms demanded money from investors in a capital call. The timing was bad because some investors had put their money in the stock market and had to sell their shares at steep discounts to avoid defaulting.“Most investors oversimplified it, which increased their risk,” said Adam I. Taback, deputy chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Bank. “You have to figure in the growth of every other asset. What’s happened to the other 90 percent of your portfolio while you’re doing all this private equity planning?”Patience is a necessity in private investments.The marketing material for these funds suggest the investment will last about seven years, but in reality, with clauses in the documents about mandatory extensions, some of these funds can drag on for twice as long.“Let’s say you make a commitment to a manager and they turn out to be not who you think they are,” Ms. Auerbach said. “You can try to sell your slightly used private equity stake on the secondary market, or you can do your homework and make sure you can stay with the manager for 12 to 15 years.”“Everything,” she added, “takes longer than people think.”In the current economic cycle, advisers are urging their clients to do more due diligence and be cautious. “With at least a five- to seven-year outlook, it’s almost certain there is going to be a recession during that time frame,” Mr. Roth said.Investors should factor in periods of volatility. “When you know you’re going to have a recession, you need a much larger margin of safety than earlier in the cycle,” he said.To this end, Mr. Roth said, Wilmington Trust has formed partnerships with various private equity firms on behalf of its clients to make niche investments. One involved investing in distressed loans in Europe.In another recent deal, Wilmington Trust joined forces with a private equity firm that invested only in digital and personal security companies. Its $700 million fund, entering its second year, has already returned capital from successful deals.Uneven allocation can be a problem. As a private investment matures, managers are both asking for capital and returning money from earlier investments.“If you have $10 and want to go into small-cap equity, you write your check and you have your $10 of exposure,” said Katherine Rosa, global head of alternative investments at J. P. Morgan Private Bank. “With private equity, you commit capital and that’s drawn down over three-, four-, five-year periods and the distributions come back to you when the manager decides to sell that position.“So at any time,” she added, “the most you’ll be out of pocket is between $6.50 and $7.50 out of that $10.”That dynamic has tripped up some investors who pledged money to private equity funds that was allocated to another investment, hoping their returns would cover the call for more capital.For investors new to private equity, buying a stakes on the secondary market may be a good entry point, Ms. Auerbach said, because the buyer will have a sense of the fund’s performance and get returns more quickly.But the question remains: How much do you put into private equity to reap the benefits but avoid the downside? Unfortunately, there is no hard rule like the 60/40 split between stocks and bonds that serves as a baseline for investing in the public markets.Ms. Auerbach wrote a paper analyzing the private investment strategies of top-performing institutional investors and what individuals could learn from them. She found that most big institutions had at least 15 percent of their portfolio in private investments, with some going more than 40 percent.She said large, multigenerational families might be able to do the same, given their wealth and ability to remain comfortable with the illiquidity.Of course, that percentage depends not just on the asset base but also on a family’s spending. Ms. Rosa said clients needed to think about whether they could get returns on their other investments that were high enough to cover their lifestyle while they waited for their private equity investments to mature.That makes sense, but all those numbers need to be forecast out years, and by that time, the economy may have stalled.Artists can be reluctant to part with their work, especially if they’re not being paid. But on Thursday, the Hammer Museum at UCLA announced that more than 35 contemporary artists, including Ed Ruscha and Vija Celmins, will donate pieces to raise money for the museum’s new Artist Fund. Their work will be auctioned off in New York at Sotheby’s in May.Ann Philbin, the director of the Hammer, said that support is a testament to the closeness between the museum and the artists it exhibits. “Many of the artists in the auction have had long and deep relationships with the Hammer,” she said by email. “In a lot of cases we offered them their first museum show in Los Angeles.” Ms. Philbin cited Mark Grotjahn, Kaari Upson, Jonas Wood and Kevin Beasley as examples.She also mentioned Mark Bradford, “a close friend and partner for the museum over the last 20 years,” whose first solo exhibition in Los Angeles, “Scorched Earth” was at the Hammer. Mr. Bradford’s contribution to the auction, a mixed-media painting titled “Scratch Pink” (2018), is estimated to sell for $2 to 3 million.The auctions, set for May 16 and 17 at Sotheby’s New York, will be preceded by public exhibitions of the a work in Los Angeles at the UTA Artist Space April 17-20 and in New York at Sotheby’s York Avenue galleries beginning May 3.The drive to raise money for the Artist Fund, which will support the work and exhibition of emerging artists, is a part of the Hammer’s $180 million dollar capital campaign. Since February 2018 the museum has raised more than $140 million of its goal.